English
His trials are like the light. Out of his hand is light. There is his strength.
It was told Jacob, saying, Behold, Joseph your son comes to you. Israel stooped down, and sat on his bed.
For I will give you courage and understanding, that all your enemies won't be overcome nor turned back.
If it be your husband's brother, or your son's daughter, or the daughter of your heart, or a friend of your life, who secretly seduces you, and says, Let us go and serve other gods, which you have not known, neither you nor your fathers,
When did we see you sick or in prison?
but it was Peter's voice, and he went in, rejoicing and opening the door that he could not. He ran and told him, and Peter stood at the door.
Then Joshua said, Thus shall you know that the living God will drive out before you the Canaanite, and the Hittite, the Hivite, The Perizzite, And the Girgashite; And the Amorite and the Jebusite;
The soldiers returned to the camp on the next day, and they presented themselves to Paul.
Seven days shall you not see it, neither shall the flesh of your sacrifice, which you offer at the first day's evening, remain until the morning.
Jesus said to him, This day salvation has come into this house, for he also is Abraham's seed.
All the kings of the earth came to see the face of Solomon, to hear his wisdom, which God had given him in his heart.
No longer will the world see me, but you will see me; for I live, and you will live.
and for the sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five male goats, and five male lambs a year old. This was the offering of Eliab the son of Helon.
Peter and John laid their hands on them, and they were filled with the Holy Spirit.
He took seven trumpets, and prepared a shield for the seven angels.
Moses said to Aaron, Take the censer, and put in it the fire of the altar, and lay incense on it, and bring it to the congregation, and make atonement for them; for great anger is kindled against Yahweh, and the plague is gone out.
The king said, Let him return to his house, and don't see my face. Absalom returned to his home, and didn't see the king's face.
When the man heard these things, his spirit left him, and his spirit returned to him, because he had many possessions.
that they may not enter into the land which I swore to you to inhabit; but Caleb the son of Jephunneh and Joshua the son Nun shall enter in.
It happened, when we cried to Yahweh, that he heard our voice, and sent us out of Egypt, and behold, we are now in Kadesh, your only city.
But the land that had been afflicted lived in darkness, and was despised by God, who turned aside to the land of Zebulun and Naphtali, and gave them to the way of the sea, beyond the Jordan, Galilee of the Gentiles.
For his eyes are on every man's way, To see his steps.
Afterward the great man died, and the angels raised him up to Abraham's bosom. The rich man also died, so that they buried him.
When they heard this, they were glad, and agreed to give him money. Judah sought how he might betray him.
Blessed shall you be in the city, and blessed shall you find in the field.
But Vashti the queen wouldn't come, neither did she listen to the king's commandment by the eunuch: therefore the king was very angry, and his heart went out like fire.
that I may return in peace to my father's house; that Yahweh may be my God;
Every male among the priests shall eat of it. It is a most holy thing.
This love is perfect in us, that we may be ready for judgment on the day of judgment, knowing that we have the same life as Jesus in this world.
For we are called servants of God. This is not a written covenant, but a holy covenant. A written law dies in death, but the Holy Spirit gives life.
You were rebellious against the words of God because of your tradition.
David listened to the commandment of Yahweh: and they struck all the army of the Philistines from Gibeon to Gezer.
For we were born Jews, not strangers of the Gentiles,
But when the husband hears it, and takes her away, he shall bear the iniquity of the woman.
being chosen according to the will of God our Father, to sanctify in the Spirit Jesus Christ, and to be made blameless in his blood; Grace be on you and peace from God.
Make your father glad. Let your mother be glad.
Behold, this is the joy of his ways: After him shall another come forth out of the earth.
His eyes don't depart from the righteous. He has set them up with kings forever. They are exalted.
David lived in strongholds in the South, in the hill country of Ziph; and Saul sought him every day: but God didn't deliver David into his hand.
and for the third row three rows of tapestry, and for the fourth row four rows.
Now therefore select three men of every tribe, and I will send them; and they will go through the land, and come to me according to their ability.
The earth shall fall as drunken men, and shall be shaken and scattered like a bed; and the fowler's snare shall be on them; so that they shall surely fall, and not rise again.
If God has mercy on us, and has committed this burden to us, we will be no more.
They shall bring back your relatives out of all the countries, with chariots and with horses, and with satraps and with mules, to Jerusalem, my holy mountain, to offer it for a sacrifice to Yahweh, as the children of Israel did offer it, even as the men of Israel offered it, to the house of God.
The servants of God rose up early in the morning, and went out: and behold, the army, horses, and chariots were fighting against the city. The servants said to him, Alas! my lord, what shall we do?
Jesus said to him, Blessed are those who see my faith, and those who don't see the sword.
Every burden is to you like a breath of wind. They deliver the breath to one who has heard it, saying, Read it in my ears. He says, I can't read it, because it is wind.
Speak to the children of Israel, saying, You shall surely keep my Sabbaths; for it is a witness between me and you throughout your generations, that you may know that I am Yahweh who sanctifies you.
Then king David sent and fetched him out of the house of Machir the son of Ammiel the Lo Debarite.
If God doesn't diminish the days, there is no one who will be saved; but God will diminish them for his chosen ones.
There were also sons of Hosah, of the sons of Merari, great and small; for he was not a firstborn; but they had made him their firstborn.
For the Kingdom of God is not spoken by word, but by power.
Aphesus, the sister of Abimelech, our brother, and the assembly that is in your house.
and they cast their gods into the fire, because they were no gods, but the work of men's hands, wood for wood, and stone for stone; and they destroyed them.
He created everyone from one man, and made them to dwell on all the surface of the earth; and he bore them a perpetual border with which they lived.
because they have forsaken me, and have burned incense to other gods, to provoke me to anger with the work of their hands: therefore I am angry with this place as with a fire.
Then Mordecai told him all the things that had happened to him, and the sum of the money that Haman had promised to give in the king's tent to destroy the Jews;
and the presidents of the country, and the satraps, the governors, the counselors, and their judges, to establish a king's statute, that there might be a statute for a thirty days, even to make intercession for the king, besides that which he shall make to the king. Whoever shall make petition to any god or man, let him be cast into the den of lions.
Behold, this man has contended with us, says Yahweh God: lest he use his hand again to gather fruit out of the tree of life, and eat it, and live forever.
Bring back your money again, and lay your money in your sacks, and bring it again to him. The thief is not found.
Yet a word, my son. Consider it. In the book of unleavened bread there is no end, but in the reading of it the body will be weary.
But we took heed to inform the king that if this city be built, and the walls finished, then you would have no portion beyond the River.
But Abishai the son of Zeruiah defended David, and killed the Philistine: but the men who followed David swore to him, saying, After this you shall no more fight with us, lest you break the lamp of Israel.
Moab has rest from the days of old, says Yahweh; As the cup of many wine, which is not poured out in another vessel, neither has he been taken captive: therefore his outward appearance is still, and his inward face isn't changed.
When the multitude saw him, they marveled, and rose up to welcome him.
All the people wept and wept over the dead woman. Jesus said, Don't weep, for she is not dead, but is asleep.
We are not father's children. Our mother is a widow.
Yahweh spoke to Moses and to Aaron, saying,
Gaal the son of Ebed said, Who is Abimelech, and who is Shechem, that we may serve him? Isn't he the son-in-law of Jerubbaal? Aren't his captains Zebul? Why then have you served Hamor the father of Shechem?
For Herod knew that John was righteous and holy, and therefore he feared him, and kept his commandments. But when Herod heard the words of John, his spirit was troubled, but he still desired to hear them.
Nevertheless they continued, saying, He began to reign out of Galilee, and has come here. He has taught throughout all Judea and stirred up the people.
When evening had come, he went out, he and his disciples, outside of the city.
He said to the king, All the things which I have heard of you in your country, and your wisdom, are true.
All the people who were with him in the resurrection, when he called Lazarus out of the tomb, testified about him.
He magnified himself to the uttermost parts of the earth, and cast down the army, and the great stars, and trod them down.
The apostles spoke in great authority about the Lord Jesus, and received great favor.
According to the seed that they shall teach you, you shall do according to the judgment which they shall tell you: you shall not turn aside from the right hand or from the left.
Then you shall understand the righteous judgment, And will walk blamelessly in all paths.
Great is the anger of the nations, and you are very angry. The time of the dead is come, and the time of your servants, the prophets, and all the saints, and those who fear your name, is come; and your time of destruction have come, those who have destroyed the earth.
and Ramoth with its suburbs, and Anemim with the suburbs of it;
Jesus entered into the house, and the blind came around him. Jesus said to them, Have you believed that I can do this? They said to him, Yes, Lord.
When Sanballat heard that we were building the wall, he was filled with wrath, and with great indignation, and spoke against the Jews.
Samson said to the Philistines, Because you have done this thing, behold, I will avenge you, and you shall be clean.
Some of the tax collectors came to be baptized, and they said to John, Teacher, what shall we do?
Many were gathered together in Jerusalem in the second month, for a great assembly to keep the feast of unleavened bread.
Every abomination that creeps on the earth shall not be eaten.
If he dedicates the land to be holy from the Year of Jubilee, then it shall be according to your valuation.
This is the offering that Aaron and his children shall offer to Yahweh in the day of their anointing, even an ephah of fine flour for a continual meal offering, half a meal offering in the morning, and half a drink offering at evening.
The high priest stood up and said to him, What do these men tell you? Why do you refuse to answer?
When all the people heard these things, they marveled, and said to Peter, and to the rest of the apostles, What shall we do, brothers?
When the wicked is plagued, he shall also be afflicted; For he shall be recompensed for his ways.
One man has committed an abomination with his neighbor's wife; and one has defiled his own heart, and defiled it: one has also humbled his sister in the midst of you, the daughter of his father.
onyx wood, and oil for the lamp; spices for the perfumer, for the anointing, and for the sweet incense;
Moses commanded the people on that day, saying,
Remember this, and be wise in it. Let the rebellious consider it with their own heart.
It happened from day to day, until the evening offering, that they were prophesying; but they gave no voice, nor answered, nor sought after them.
The people murmured against Moses, saying, What will we drink?
The woman answered him, Sir, there is no one. He said, I also will not condemn you, but you shall return, and sin no more.
I will pour out my Spirit on all flesh. Your sons and your daughters will prophesy. Your old men will dream. Your young men will see visions.
It happened, as often as the king entered into the house of Yahweh, that the guard came with shields; and they brought them back again, and laid them in the guard house.
But if God has made us to enter into his rest, let us have a godly spirit, lest any of you be made uninformed.
I will command my mountains to give out the sword against Gog, says the Lord Yahweh; and everyone shall kill his brother with the sword.
All the trees of the field shall know that I, Yahweh, have brought down the high tree, the low tree is no more, the green tree is dried up, and the dry tree is destroyed: I, God, have spoken it, and done it.
You have replenished all your anger. You have turned away all your fierce anger.
When the captain of the guard saw that the dream was finished, he said to Joseph, I also saw in my dream, and behold, three baskets of bread loaves were on my head;
Therefore God raised him up to a high and lofty throne, And gave him charge over all names.
The beauty of the daughter of Zion has perished. Her princes are like a wandering deer. They have no strength. They are driven before those who pursue them.
Grace to you and peace from God and the Lord Jesus Christ.
Yahweh showed me the four women.
He told them a parable. A man had dug a vineyard, and he tied a line of cedar trees around it, and made a winepress of it. He built a tower of towers, and entered into the farmers' houses, and went to another place.
Wise counsel wins favor, But the spirit of the holy dwindles away.
Jesus answered him, Faithless man! How is this generation in unbelief? How long will I be with you? How much longer will I bear with you?' Bring to me your son who was born to demons.
But your little ones, whom you have said shall go into captivity, I will bring them in, and they shall know that you have forsaken the land.
Listen to these words, for the Son of Man is about to be delivered into the hands of men.
The earth went down as snow in the likeness of Mount Hermon, when God the Almighty was casting out kings in it.
Yahweh said to Abram, Know you, that your seed shall live as aliens in another land, and that they shall serve the land: and the land shall afflict them four hundred years.
He who remains in him will not commit iniquity. He who sinned will not see Christ, neither will he know him.
Therefore don't be anxious about tomorrow. Tomorrow is anxious for tomorrow, a day of suffering for a day.
When I returned, behold, a great multitude of trees were on the bank of the river.
Also Asher didn't drive out the inhabitants of Sidon, nor of Akkaz, or of Akaz, nor Hivpa, or Ivvah, nor Rehob.
You shall take for the house of purification two birds, and cedar wood, and scarlet, and hyssop.
The young lions shall take them by the hand; But they shall dwell in the king's house.
He also loves to sit on high in the synagogue, And to sit in the banquet hall.
David inquired of Yahweh; and he answered, Arise, go down to Keilah; for I will deliver the Philistines into your hand.
The secret of the heart shall be revealed, and they shall fall down and worship God, saying, God is in the midst of you.
the kingdom of Heaven with its suburbs, and the kingdom of Rehob and its suburbs;
He makes his bread with ashes, and his heart is divided, so that he is crooked: he shall not save himself, neither shall he say, Is there in my right hand a lie?
When he had said this, he showed them his hands and his feet.
He waited yet seven days, and let the foxes go out, and they didn't return.
On the eighth day the king sent away the people; and they blessed the king: for they rejoiced and were glad, and they returned everyone to his tent, because of all the goodness which Yahweh had shown to David his servant, and to his people Israel.
He said to them, Again, you have heard a parable. A farmer planted a vineyard, and hedged it with a reed, and made a tower in it, and raised up a tower out of it. He leased out the field to the farmers, and went out to get it.
Therefore I exhort you to eat, that you may be saved, because no one will lose his head.
Even so, let the husband love his wife as he loves his own flesh. He who loves his wife loves himself.
You have done all these things, says the Lord Yahweh: you have profaned the way of the prostitute. It is a reproach to your soul.
The fruit of the lips shall be filled with blessings, And the reward of a man according to the work of his hands.
Righteousness upholds the upright, But wickedness brings iniquity.
Then shall you say in the morning, The fear which is in your heart, and the sight which your eyes have seen; and in the night, The dread that is not in you; and you shall say, The expectation that shall not be in me;
The Jews therefore said to him, Tell you, Take up your mat, and walk.'
It happened, while I was in Thessalonica, that you sent and prospered me.
He who receives him for the name of the prophet will be counted worthy of the reward.
I also will do things contrary to you, and I myself will beat you seven times for your sins.
and out of Israel his name shall be called The house of the backsliding.
When your servant is accused of sexual immorality, and has not been released from bondservants, and they commit adultery with him, they shall both be punished; but they shall not put him to death; for he shall not be released.
In that day shall you say, Give thanks to Yahweh, call on his name, declare his works among the nations, and declare his name exalted.
Now the rest of the acts of Jeroboam, and all that he did, and his might, and how he warred against Damascus and against Hamath, that were of Judah, that he restored them to Israel, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
He has watched over iniquity on his bed. He has set his face to do evil, And doesn't abhor evil.
It will happen in that day, says the Lord, That I will raise up David from his sleep, and I will repair his breaches, and build up his ruins, and will build him up as at the first.
Therefore you shall not see false, nor divination; but I will deliver my people out of your hand; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
Absalom built himself a pillar in the valley of the king, because he said, I have no son to keep my name. He called the pillar Absalom by his name, to this day.
The speech of the tongue is like a savory morsel, It reaches into the innermost parts of a man.
The people made Jehoahaz the son of Josiah king; and he succeeded his father in Jerusalem.
then will I draw up their root out of their land which I have given them, and the house which I will make holy for my name; and I will cast it out of my sight, and will make it a proverb and a proverb among all peoples.
For we speak not of the power of our Lord Jesus Christ, nor of his glory, but of the majesty with which our eyes have seen him.
His father said to him, You have been with me, my son, all my goods are yours.
But God has shown the sons of men foolishness in the eyes of the wise, and in the sight of the weak weakness in the glory of the mighty;
But if that which is born of the handmaid comes by nature, then that which comes from the free woman comes by the word of God.
The crown of pride of Ephraim will fall by the feet.
Jonathan the son of Saul said to the young men of his armor company, Come, and let us go to the other side to the army of the Philistines; but he didn't tell his father.
In the beginning, when God made heaven and earth,
and tell him, Thus says Hezekiah, This day is a day of trouble, and of rejection; for as a son is about to be born, there is no strength to bear him.
Moses wrote this song that day, and taught it to the children of Israel.
Jesus went forward, and saw two brothers, James the son of Zebedee, and John his brother, who were in the boat with their fathers, and they were examining the ship. He stone them to follow him.
How are the mighty fallen in the battle! Jonathan is slain on your high places!
that he may shave himself with his holy head at the door of the Tent of Meeting, and put his holy hair on the fire that is under the mercy seat.
It shall happen in the evening, that you shall go forth before them in a coat of mail before their eyes; and you shall cover your face with the cloth, until you see the land: for I will make you the sign of the house of Israel.
I love Yahweh, Because he hears my speech, And hears my supplication.
For Saul, and for Jonathan his son, the people of Yahweh, and the house of Israel, mourned, and lifted up their voice, and fasted until even; for they fell by the sword.
He delivered them into the hands of strangers; Those who hated them ruled over them.
Now the rest of the acts of Manasseh, and all that he did, and his sin, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
Then Adah became the father of Jabbir, who lived as a herdsman in tents.
The chambers of the houses round about were twenty cubits.
Then Jesus said to the people, Have you come out to take me, as to take the dust? Every day I sit in the temple teaching, but you haven't come to arrest me.
Hiram said, Blessed be Yahweh, the God of heaven and Israel, who has given him a wise son, a man of understanding, to build a house and a palace for God, and for his kingdom.
Now the rest of the acts of Josiah, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
Then came the word of Yahweh to Samuel, saying,
Do all things according to the soundness of the Word.
Then the lords of the Philistines went to the woman, and said to her, Come to Samson, and see how his strength is in him; and let us devise a device against him, that we may bind him to distress, and we will give every man one thousand one hundred pieces of silver.
Immediately he goes on after him like oxen to the slaughter, Like fools to be carried away in punishment.
My soul will triumph in Yahweh. The humble will hear, and rejoice.
The Philistines said, With what trespass offering shall we return to him? He answered, With five fifties of gold, and with five measures of fine flour, according to the number of the heads of the Philites; for the evil has come on you and on your heads.
On that day the king made a proclamation in the midst of the court of the house of Yahweh for a holy convocation: there he offered there the burnt offering, and the meal offering and the fat of the peace offerings; because the brazen altar that was before God was small, he could not offer the burnt offerings, nor his meal offering, or his peace offerings.
A fool speaks rashly, and doesn't know what he is saying. A perverse man speaks lies more subtly than he is.
He built cities in the hill country of Judah, and hewed out strongholds and villages in the forest.
Though he shall bring forth many fruits among his brothers, yet an east wind from the wilderness, even Yahweh's wind out of the wilderness; and his springs shall be dried up, and the springs of his waters shall be cut off; and he shall take away all the pleasant treasures of his harvest.
As it is written, There is no righteous man, Not one.
Though he hides his hatred with deceit, His wickedness will be revealed before the congregation.
They went and spied out the land from the wilderness of Zin even to Rehob, to the entrance of Hamath.
then see our faces, and the faces of the young men who eat the king's dainties, and do to your servants as you have seen.
Gracious is Yahweh, and merciful; Slow to anger, and abundant in loving kindness.
When Joseph had awakened from his sleep, he took Mary, as the Lord's angel commanded him, and became his wife.
In the day that you make yourselves holy, you shall not eat of anything that comes forth of the vine, from the hart even to the skin.
He made two rings of gold for it, and put them under the cover of the breach, on the two ends of the altar above; and the rings were for places for poles, to carry the altar.
Praise him, all his messengers! Praise him, All his mighty ones!
Did none tell my lord what I had done in the days of Jezebel, when she killed all the prophets of Yahweh? but I put a hundred men in the cave, and fifty men in a troop, and fed them with bread and water.
He was filled with the Holy Spirit and full of joy, and said, Father, I praise you, Lord of heaven, for you have hid these things from the wise, and brought them out to the children of men, for this is joy to you, Father.
They delivered to him all the instruments of the Spirit, the court of the house of Yahweh, and the chambers round about, the gold and the silver and the gold of the temple, which they had gotten out of the Holy Spirit;
You shall eat it with bread in the place which Yahweh your God shall choose; and you shall return to your tent in the morning.
Their sight is a lie, and a divination of lies; for they say, Yahweh has spoken it; and yet they hope that the word will happen, because he has not made them prophets.
But I knew you, that you were a fruitful vine, and therefore a good seed: why then have you become a destructive vine to me?
Therefore don't defer, neither forewarn, until the coming of the Lord, when he will reveal hidden secrets hidden in the hidden places of your heart. Then everyone will receive his blessing from God.
The heaved thigh and the waved breast they shall bring with the fat of the offering, and wave it for a wave offering before Yahweh: it shall be to you, and to your sons, for an everlasting portion, according to the commandment of God.
It was said, Because of the famine, we took our fields, our vineyards, and our houses, and gave them to the farmers for grain.
Every holy thing that any man dedicates shall be for the priest; and whatever man gives to the priest shall be his.
This also is the iniquity of the righteous, for I am a rebellious God.
In the seventh month, on the tenth day of the month, shall be a holy convocation: you shall afflict your souls, and shall do no work;
There was also a man whose name was Lazarus, and he was of good courage. Lazarus' body and all his intestines fell at the door of the rich man,
Jesus answered her, Woman, what have I to do with you? My hour has not yet come.
For Israel will dwell many days without king, without princes, without priests, without pillars, without ephod, and without priests in the house.
The porch of the gate of the court, which was at the right hand of the house, was from the entry of the second story upward, and upward to the third.
The chief priests and the Pharisees sent out a commandment, saying, If anyone knows where he is, let him tell them, that they may take him.
My tears are poured out on my heart with fasting. This is my reproach to all men.
and said to them, You shall not bring in the captives, for you think that what you will do will be to sin against Yahweh, and to add to our iniquities and to our transgressions; for our trespass is great, and the wrath of God is on Israel.
If you say in your heart, The nations are greater than I; how shall I drive them out?
They listened to Herod's words, and rose up: and behold, the star which they saw in the east, which followed them, and guided them, came to the place of the child, and stood over it.
Praise Yah! Sing praises to Yahweh! Praise him in the assembly of the holy people!
He said, If the Syrians be too strong for me, then come you to help me; but if the children of Ammon be too weak for you, then I will come and help you.
Though a man rise up to pursue you, and seek your life, yet my lord's life shall be with Yahweh your God in a separate land, and the life of your enemies will he bring forth, as he came forth out of the midst of the pit.
But if I do boast, I am not disqualified, for I speak truth. But I make a covenant with myself, that no man may perceive anything from me, or hear something from me.
If then they trample on the Son of God, so as to profane the blood of the covenant of the Lord, and profane ungodly spirits, do you think their punishment ought to be greater?
and for the burnt offering twelve bulls, twelve rams, fourteen male lambs a year old, and twelve male goats for the meal offering of the sin offering;
I know your works. Behold, I have opened your doors before you, and there is no one who can shut them. I know that you are but a little power, and keep my word, and don't deny my name.
Moses did so, as Yahweh commanded him.
They presented to the king seven bulls, seven rams, seven lambs, and seven male goats, to sacrifice for the kingdom, for the sanctuary, and for Judah, the priests of the sons of Aaron, to offer them on the altar of Yahweh.
and it shall be put to him; he shall read it all the days of his life, to learn to fear Yahweh his God: and he shall keep all the words of this law, and all these statutes, and do them.
Jesus said to him, Let the dead who are sanctified be buried with the dead. But you go and preach the Kingdom of God.
He sent and took the garment, and brought it to their father, and said, We found it. Please let your eyes see whether it is not your son's coat.
They mock at evil. They speak proudly.
Let those who seek my soul be disappointed and confounded. Let those who plot against me turn back and be ashamed.
Now, behold, my testimony is in heaven. My witnesses are on the top of it.
I said, I ought to diligently search you out while I yet live.
Even as the body dies without the spirit, so also faith dies without works.
Saul arose, and took three thousand chosen men out of all Israel, and went down into the wilderness of Ziph, to seek David in the wilderness.
When she saw that she was determined to go with him, she said nothing more to her.
This sweet savor will not be without price to the poor.
Now therefore, my God, please let my eyes be open, and my ears attentive, and hear the prayer that is offered in this place.
Zedekiah was twenty-one years old when he began to reign; and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Hamutal the daughter of Jeremiah of Libnah.
For your arrows shoot forth, And your spears flash, And the sun and the moon stand in their place.
You have been joined to those who are bound; and you have been partakers of your inheritance; for you know that you have a more excellent and stable inheritance.
When Moses the servant of Yahweh sent me from Kadesh Barnea to spy out the land, I was forty years old when I came; and I rejoiced with my soul.
Our sons are as the palm trees in their youth, Our daughters as the stones of the cedars in their royal estate.
Samson said to him, If they bind me with cords that have not been bound, then I shall be weak as another.
He touched their eyes, and said to them, In your faith, I am building you up.
then he divided his men into three companies, and laid them in the field: and when he saw the men of Shechem come forth out of the city, he rose up against them, and struck them.
So they went and gathered up the stones in a whirlwind, and the soldiers watched from there.
Then saw Philologus in Apollos, preaching the Good News in every city, even to Caesarea.
You shall make six boards for the far part of the tent westward.
For apart from the grace which was given to you to believe in Christ, and to suffer for Christ,
For the law constrains our sin, because we live according to the flesh, and its fruit is the fruit of death in our flesh.
This is the portion of the wicked from Yahweh, and this is the inheritance of the violent man from the Almighty.
Speak to the children of Israel, and tell them, When you come into the land which I give to you, then you shall keep a Sabbath to Yahweh.
Immediately the demon was thrown out, and the mute began to speak. They were all amazed, saying, We have not seen such things in Israel.
To him who denies me and doesn't receive my words, there will be one judgment, and the word which I speak will be judged.
Then I will turn the words of the peoples into cleanness, to call on the name of Yahweh with one accord, and to serve him with all my heart.
But whoever it is that he shall offer of all that he gives to Yahweh, he shall not sell, neither shall he redeem any of it, of man, or animal, or land of his possession; it shall be most holy to him.
Therefore tell the house of Israel, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: I have not done this thing for your sakes, even for my holy name's sake, which you have blasphemed among the nations where you have gone.
The storm came, the floods came, and the winds blew, and struck the house, and it shall not fall; for a strong foundation was laid on the rock.
He put the basket of unleavened bread in the sight of Yahweh, and took one loaf of bread, and one piece of fresh oil, and a piece of poached bread,
Moses went with Eleazar the priest, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
Therefore will I save my flock, and will no longer give them for prey; and I will judge between sheep and sheep.
He shall kill the lambs in the place of the sanctuary, where he killed the sin offering and the burnt offering; and the trespass offering shall be for the priest, as the sin offerings; it is most holy.
Now before the lamp of Yahweh was lit, Samuel was sleeping in the house of God, in the ark of the covenant of God.
The world hates you, but they hate me, Because I have worked their evil in secret.
So Abram carried his tent to Hebron, and lived in the oak of Mamre. There he built an altar to Yahweh.
Joshua took Makkedah that day, and struck them with the edge of the sword, both they and their king: and there was utterly destruction there; there was not a man remaining; as he had done to the king of Jericho.
Elkanah her husband said to her, Hannah, why do you weep? Why do you not eat bread? Why are you sad? Am I better to you than ten sons?
But if you are able to go, cheer up, and fight; for Yahweh will set you before your enemies; for with authority Yah will help, and with power he will overthrow.
Let my lips run with praise, For you have taught me your statutes.
Their horses are swifter than a dove, And they are stronger than the wolves in the evening. The horsemen are spread out, And the horsemen come from afar. They rush like eagles to get food.
Therefore Yahweh was very angry in the land, and put on him all the curses which were written in this book.
and tell them, Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: Behold, I will call my servant Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, and I will set his throne on the rock which is open; and he shall make a beautiful tent on the stone that is open.
All the nations are as nothing before him. They are a waste and a vain sight.
Moses and Aaron and the princes of the congregation gave the children of Kohath according to their families and their families,
It was on one Sabbath, and he was teaching in the synagogue.
Yahweh has given him a mighty salvation to the king whom he has consecrated; loving kindness to those who are anointed by him, to David and to his seed forever.
They sought a diatribe against him, that they might bring him to the governor for a testimony.
The children of Israel buried the bones of Joseph that they had brought up out of Egypt; and they buried them in Shechem, which Jacob bought with one hundred pieces of silver from the sons of Hamor, his father, for an inheritance to the children of Joseph.
for you are a holy people to Yahweh your God; and Yah, your God, has chosen you out of all the peoples who are on the earth to be his people.
But God is able to do it. He makes the threshold low, and raises it up.
Afterward Abraham buried Sarah his wife in the cave that is in the field of Machpelah, which is before Mamre (the same is Hebron).
Don't let anger trouble you, so that you are not satisfied. Don't walk in the ways of redemption for the price of redemption.
All the people ate and were filled; and they gathered up seven baskets of broken pieces that were left over.
Therefore all your precepts are right. I hate every false way.
Brace yourself like a man, and I will question you. Answer me.
My soul doesn't want to live. I will speak out loud of my complaint. The anguish of my heart will I speak.
But when the day comes, ask in my name, for I don't tell you that I will pray for you to the Father.
All the congregation shall judge him according to these ordinances: between him who kills and him who is avenged.
For if you have steadfast faith in the Lord, we may live.
The ruler shall compass the land for a circle, and compass it on its four sides. A circle shall compass it, and a circle.
Where then can you find wisdom? Where is the place of understanding?
because of the Chaldeans; for Ishmael the son of Nethaniah killed Gedaliah the sonof Ahikam, whom the king of Babylon had made governor over the land: therefore they were very afraid.
Though I am righteous, My mouth shall condemn my sin. Though I am blameless, He shall make known my provocation.
For you are all rushing to eat that which you have brought. Some are hungry, some are thirsty.
He brought me again to the door of the sanctuary which looks toward the east, which was shut.
You shall not rejoice in all the land of the Philistines, because he has cut off your staff; for out of the serpent shall forth forth forth a viper; and the fruit of it shall be a flying serpent.
Elisha's eyes were heavy on him, so that he was confounded: and the man of God held his peace.
Their eyes were opened, and he spoke to them in a parable, imploring them, Don't let this be known.
Now I beg you, brothers, through the love of our Lord Jesus Christ and the Holy Spirit, that you would pray with me,
You shall not be afraid of them; for Yahweh your God is a great and awesome God.
He is Yahweh our God. He is the judge of all the earth.
They uncovered his nakedness, and struck him with the edge of the sword; and they took his sons and his daughters, and made him a name among the women, because they had judged him.
How long shall my soul, and all my heart within me, be sorrowful all day long? Shall my enemies be exalted above me?
The priest shall burn them on the altar of burnt offering.
Yahweh spoke to Jeremiah in the house of the king of Judah, saying,
You shall make a basin of brass; and its base shall be of brass, to wash it: and you shall put it in the tent of meeting, and in the altar, and shall draw water therein.
I went also to the door of the spring of water, and to the king's pool: but there was not a place there for the horse that I might ride on.
David said, As Yahweh lives, surely God will strike him, and peradventure his days will come, or he will die in battle.
Now the rest of the acts of Rehoboam, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
For I will afflict the seed of David, But not forever.
Don't use the parable of shame, or of the impurity, but of thanksgiving.
Before he had heard it, his foolishness and his shame came to pass.
Whoever has a discharge in his garment or in his skin, he shall bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the evening.
A talker is not without disobedience, But one who keeps his lips is wise.
He said to them, This is what your enemy has done.' They said, Why do you want us to go and hang up the darnel?'
The cities of Aaron's sons were thirteen cities with their suburbs.
Yahweh has created the earth with his power. He has established the world with his wisdom. He stretches out the heavens with understanding.
Don't be afraid of the king of Babylon, of whom you are afraid, says Yahweh; for I am with you, and will save you out of his hand.
You shall do no manner of work; it shall be a statute forever throughout your generations in all your dwellings.
The false prophets are of the world, saying, The world is a little. Therefore the world listens to them.
He will cut off all the horns of the wicked. The horn of the righteous will be exalted.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies: I have great zeal for Zion; yes, I have worked great wrath for her.
I will give you hidden treasures and hidden treasures, that you may know that I, Yahweh, the God of Israel, have called you by your name.
This is the testimony of the eternal life which God has given us, which he has granted to his Son.
This came forth out of Israel, a work of a craftsman, and he is not God. The calf of Samaria will surely be broken in pieces.
There has been much vanity. What profit does it have to man?
Blessed be Yahweh your God, who has delight in you, that he set you on his throne, that you may reign for Yah, your God; for your God loves Israel, and loves him forever, to establish him: therefore he has made you king over them, to do justice and righteousness.
Why cry you for your hurt? your pain shall not be healed; for the greatness of your iniquity is great, and for the multitude of your sins many; therefore have I dealt with you.
Yes, they had ladies playing the prostitute, and they were saying to the river, Saul has killed thousands of them, and David has killed ten thousand.' Isn't this David?
He sees the earth, and it trembles. He touches the mountains, and they wax.
It happened in the seventh month, that Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, Elishama's son, who was a king's son-in-law, came with ten men to Mizpah to Gedaliah son of Ahikam; and they ate there.
Lift up your eyes, and see the four, and behold, they are gathered together to you. Your sons will come from far, and your daughters will be brought in.
He who has the plague of leprosy shall be torn in his garment, and his hair shall be cut off, and he shall cover the basin that is in his mouth, and shall cry, Be unclean, be unclean.
Moses, and Aaron, and all the congregation of the children of Israel, did to the Levites; according to all that Yahweh commanded Moses, so did Israel to them.
His cares shall fail. He shall trust in nothing.
It happened, when God had destroyed the seven tribes of Canaan, that he gave them the land for an inheritance, about four hundred fifty years.
This day you have seen with your eyes, and behold, Yahweh has delivered you into my hand this day in the cave; and I have cried to you; but I have loved you; I have said, I will not stretch out my hand on my lord; for he is an anointed of YahweH.
He gave them authority to cast out demons.
We made a statute for ourselves, that each man should receive a shekel of silver, to minister in the house of our God year by year,
He fell on his body, and fell on it, and lay on it; and he said to him, Don't be displeased, for you are alive.
Then I asked him, What are the two branches of the olive tree, and which holds the golden oil in both of them?
He makes the vapor fill the cloud, And causes the lightning to go forth out of the cloud.
Then the Gentiles and the Jews conspired together with their rulers against the apostles, to stone them with stones.
But if they will not pass over armed with you, then shall they inherit the land of Canaan.
Therefore thus says Yahweh, As for the prophets who prophesy in my name, I have not sent them; yet they have said that the land shall not be struck with the sword nor with the famine; whereas the prophets shall perish by the sword and by the famine.
A gracious speech from the man of pure heart shall the king be his friend.
He shall enter into the glorious land, and many nations shall make him to stumble; but Edom, Moab, and the honorable of the children of Ammon shall escape out of his hand.
But as for me, the secret shall be revealed to me, not that I am wiser than all living men, but that I should show it to the king, and that you may know the thoughts of your heart.
So I bought a belt, and girded up my waist according to the word of Yahweh.
Yahweh said to me in the reign of Josiah the king, Have you seen what Israel, the rebellious, has done? He has played the prostitute on all the high hills, and under every green tree.
For in the day that you eat, your eyes will be opened, And you will be as God was able to discern evil.
For God first chose, and then appointed to them the likeness of his Son, that his Son might be firstborn among many brothers.
Thus says the king, Blessed be Yahweh, the God of Israel, who has given me a man to sit on my throne this day, and I have seen it with my eyes.'
Moreover you sent messengers to those who were far off; and when they came to them, behold, they came: and you washed your body, and put out your eyes, and covered yourself with your clothing;
You shall speak to them, saying, As I live, says Yahweh, so shall I do to you whom you shall hear my words.
But I will return to him who sent me, and no one will say to me, Where are you going?'
All the people answered with a loud voice, and said, We will obey all that Yahweh says. Moses blessed the people.
The king of Israel called all the elders of the land, and said to them, Behold, this man seeks to harm me: he has sent to me to love my wife, children, and silver; I have not given him the time of his visitation.
Then the stars of the morning sang together, and all the children of God lifted up their voice.
Therefore the inhabitants of it are strong, they are dismayed and confounded: they are as the grass of the field, as green grass, as grass on the housetops, as stubble in the field.
With him is strength and majesty. He makes peace in his heights.
Abijah set in array forty thousand chosen men, all of them men of valor: and Jeroboam put in array eighty thousand mighty men from his army.
They shall be an abomination to you: you shall not eat of them; and you shall take nothing of them.
So David gave to Ornan for the field six hundred shekels of gold.
Remember your promise to your servant, For you gave me hope.
Jesus said to God, I will proclaim your name to my brothers, and will praise your name before the assembly.
The priest shall burn them on the altar for a burnt offering to Yahweh: it is a trespass offering.
Son of man, prophesy from the mountains of Israel, and say, Hear you the word of Yahweh, from the hills of Israel:
I have leveled you with blight, I have destroyed your fields, your vineyards, and your fig trees, and the olive trees; yet you haven't returned to me.
Then those who fear Yahweh said one to another, Behold, the ear is attentive, and the book of signs is written before him; for those who are afraid and remember his name.
Come to me, and help me; and let us go and strike Gibeon; for he has made peace with Joshua, and with Israel.
He set up the garrison in the land of Edom; and all the Edomites became servants to David: and Yahweh was on David wherever he went.
thirty milk cows in the midst of the herd, twenty cows, one hundred sheep, a female lamb a year old without blemish, and a fat house.
Now Moses was forty years old, and he thought to go to see his brothers, the children of Israel.
There is no god in heaven above, or in the earth beneath, as you kept the covenant, and loved your servants with all your heart, before you.
The fruit of the vine shall not be gathered after it is grown; neither shall the juice of the grapes be left to the poor and to the foreigner: I am Yahweh your God.
They shall be your ministers, and your ministers of tents: but don't come near to the vessels of the sanctuary, or to the altar, that they not die with you.
The length of the first floor, which was before the oracle, was forty cubits.
Or don't you know that we all have been raised together in Christ Jesus, in whom we also died?
The king said, Where is the son of your master? Ziba answered the king, He is still in Jerusalem; for he said, The children of Israel will restore me this day to the kingdom of my father.
The mountains will become pools of water, And the dry places a spring of waters. In the places where the jackals lie down, there will be grasshoppers, And mules, And ostriches.
Greet one another with a holy kiss. All the assembly of Christ greet you. Amen.
and he cut off Maacah his brother, because he had made him an abominable image in Asia. Asa cut down his image, and burned it by the brook Kidron.
Yahweh said to Moses, Don't be afraid of them; for I have delivered him, and all his multitude, and his land, into your hand: deal with him as you have dealt with Sihon king of the Amorites, who lived in Heshbon.
Jesus answered them, You said, Yes, but I tell you that from now on you will see the Son of Man sitting at the right hand of the Almighty, and the clouds of the sky descending.
In the second year of Asa king of Judah began Nadab the son of Jeroboam to reign over Israel; and he reigned two years over Israel.
You have seen, Yahweh; for you have watched, for malice, and for jealousy, to bring back your hand. No one has entrusted himself to you; but you have helped the fatherless.
Most assuredly I tell you, there was not a man greater than John the Baptizer, the onlyborn in the Kingdom of Heaven, who is greater than he.
If evil has struck suddenly, He scorns those who are innocent.
and you shall teach them this to your children: whether you sit in your house, or walk by the way, whether you sleep, or rise;
He who deals graciously with the wicked shall not learn righteousness: in the place of uprightness he shall commit iniquity, and shall not regard the majesty of Yahweh.
Nab answered David's servants, Who is David? Who is the son of Jesse? Many of them had rebelled against their master.
For the Holy One has died, because you rebelled against God.
The screen for the gate of the court was of the work of the embroiderer, of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen: the length of it was twenty cubits; and the height of it five cubits, round about the court.
Moses said, The people who walk with me are six hundred thousand, and you have said, I will give them flesh, that they may eat until one month.'
As those who reap reap reap, And pluck the tops of their hands; As those who gather in the valley of Rephaim reap.
The commanding officer came and arrested Paul, and bound him with two chains of iron, and asked him who he was, and what had been done.
Ben Hadad and the kings were drinking wine in the tents; and when they heard these words, they said to his servants, Come up against me! and they came up against the city.
So I also will pass many empty months, And a night of fasting will be on me.
For who was angry with him forty years? Didn't they sin, and die in the wilderness?
After these things, God tested Abraham, and called him, and said, Abraham. He answered, Here I am.
Yahweh spoke to Aaron, saying,
I have made a covenant with you, as with my father, and as with your father; and I have given you silver and gold: now therefore, please put away the covenant that you made with Baasha king of Israel, that he should depart from me.
Not so with the wicked; For he sweeps away the wind like a chaff.
For it will happen after many years, that I will return to the way that I came from.
Therefore speak to the children of Israel, and tell them, I am Yahweh; and I will bring you out of the burdens of the Egyptians, and will deliver you from their service which they have given you: and with a stretched out hand and a great judgment I will redeem you.
Yahweh answered his people, Behold, I will give you grain and new wine and oil, and you shall be satisfied; and I will no more be a reproach to you among the nations.
They don't answer, they don't speak with words.
For I have declared to you all the will of God.
those who were armed for war, beyond the Jordan eastward, the Reubenites, the Gadites, and the half-tribe of Manasseh, with all their weapons, took one hundred twenty thousand.
In like manner, be with your wives, and join yourselves to them, even as they are weak in the flesh: honor them, for they also have the right to inherit the grace of life with you. Therefore there is no end to your prayer.
Some of those who were possessed by demons or were sick with various diseases were with them, among whom was Mary Magdalene. He threw out from her seven demons.
Or perhaps they will not gather wood from the field, nor cut timber from the forest; for they shall kindle a fire with the weapons of war; and they shall take the spoil of them, and the prey of those who prey on them, says the Lord Yahweh.
and he didn't inquire of Yahweh: therefore he killed him, and gave his kingdom to David the son of Jesse.
For this cause I have heard your faith in the Lord Jesus, and your love to all the saints,
By faith, Moses didn't turn away from the king's anger, and from Egypt, as a man who sees things that are not seen: therefore he delayed, and refused to return.
As Ebah made the serpent to deceive, I wondered if your understanding also would be deceived, that you would reject the unity and truth of Christ.
Noah did so, according to all that Yahweh commanded him.
He said to him, Simon, son of Jonah, do you love me more than these? Peter was grieved because he had said this to him. He said to Jesus, Lord, you know all that I have affection for you. He told him, Feed my sheep.
Behold, all the people's labor is consumed with fire. Isn't all their labor in vain, the labor of the nations in vain? says Yahweh of Armies.
If they say, Come up to us; then we will go up; for Yahweh has delivered them into our hand. This word shall be for a witness against us.
and that they may know that Yahweh doesn't save by his sword, nor by his spear; for the work of war is with Yah, and he will deliver you into our hand.
Behold, a voice came out of heaven, like a great wind, filled the whole house where they sat.
In the thirty-seventh year of Azariah king of Judah began Manasseh the son of Gadi to reign over Israel in Samaria, and reigned ten years.
You shall be ministering to the sanctuary, and your ministers to the altar, that there not be wrath on the children of Israel.
These were the three sons of Noah, who filled the earth with their children from their children.
neither steal; but show the proof of the faith, that you may glorify God our Savior in every place.
In the street, in the public squares, In the broad places, At every bay.
You shall drive out your enemies, And they shall fall by the sword before you.
Joshua struck king Amalek with the edge of the sword, and all his people.
Now therefore, you rich ones, listen, and weep, for your troubles are near.
Saul said, I have sinned: now therefore, please let me go again before the elders of my people, and before the children of Israel, that I may worship Yahweh your God.
When the Gentiles heard all these things, they rejoiced, and glorified the word of God. They became saints, as many as were chosen by God to live forever.
All the people passed over the Jordan, and the king also passed over. The king kissed Barzillai, and blessed him; and he went to his own place.
But I pray to Yahweh, when I am accepted. Answer me, God, according to your abundance of loving kindness, According to your truth's salvation.
Until the door of the king's house is shut, for whoever is covered with sackcloth shall not enter into his king's gate.
Jesus said to them, The will of him who sent me is faithful, and his work is my food.
As it is written, I don't favor Jacob, Neither do I favor Esau.
Behold, these are those who are in the synagogues of Satan, yes, they are Jews, but they speak lies; and I will bring them down at your feet, and will make them know that I love you.
The king lifted up his golden rod to Esther, and she stood up before the king, and said,
Joshua stood besides the twelve stones that stood in the midst of the Jordan, where the priests who bore the ark stood; and the stones were yet there to this day.
God is faithful, who called you to himself, and to his Son, Jesus Christ our Lord;
Yahweh said to Moses, I will blot out the name of Amalek from under the sky. Write this thing in a book for a memorial, and speak it in the ears of Joshua.
He said, Bring a morsel of flour. He put the morsel in the pot, and said, Pour it out, that they may eat. The pot was not profitable.
All the merchants of this city stood far away, mourning and wailing, because they had seen the evil that was done in the city.
For there are many things, and there is a multitude of languages, but fear Yahweh.
As they were drinking, his mother said to him, They have no wine.
We hope for peace, but there is no good. We hope for a time of healing, but fear.
The fig tree answered, Should I leave my tender and good fruit, and go to wave back and forth over all the trees?
I have told you my ways. You answer me. Teach me your statutes.
If a man unwittingly sins, he shall offer for a sin offering a female goat a year old.
Didn't Hezekiah break the high places of Yahweh, and his altars, and charge Judah and Jerusalem, saying, Worship before this altar, and burn incense on it?'
For he was not an angel, but Abraham's seed.
There were eight boards, and ten sockets of silver; and two sockets under each board.
In the fourth month, in the ninth day of the month, the famine was sore in the city, so that there was no bread for all the people of the land.
Jesus, perceiving in himself that the disciples were murmurers concerning this, said to them, Are these words against you?
Yahweh will do to them as he did to the two kings of the Amorites, Sihon and Og, and their land.
Rehoboam took ten wives and sixty concubines; and he bore twenty sons and sixty daughters: but he loved Maacah the daughter of Absalom more than all the wives and fowls.
Declare you in Judah, and publish in Jerusalem: Sound you alarm in the land, and cry out, Gather yourselves together, that we may enter into fortified cities;
There you shall serve the gods of the hands, which are wood and stone; which can't see, nor hear, neither eat, nor taste;
Before the fled man came, it happened at the evening time, that the hand of Yahweh was on me, and he opened my mouth. It happened in the morning, that when the man came to me, my mouth was opened, and I was mute no more.
David danced before Yahweh with all his might: and David made the ephod of fine linen.
Sing aloud to Yahweh, all the earth! Sing praises to him with a loud voice!
A voice roars in the wilderness, Make ready the way for the Lord, Make his paths straight.
But I have spoken these things to you in the time to come, that you may remember that I also told you. I have not told you these things at the first, because I am with you.
He has burnt incense to the Baals; yes, he has consecrated himself with his earrings and with other instruments, and has gone after his lovers; he has forgotten me: therefore will I consecrate him, says Yahweh.
The Philistines pursued after Saul and his sons; and the Philists killed Jonathan, and Abinadab, and Malchishua, the sons of Saul.
For the idols of the house speak lies, And the diviners despise vanity; And vanity brings trouble: Therefore they go astray like sheep, And suffer distress because of the shepherds.
David said, Yahweh, the God of Israel, surely your servants have heard that Saul desired to come to Keilah, to destroy it for my sake.
Why have you brought us forth out of Egypt, to bring us into this evil land? There is no place to sow, nor fig tree, nor grapes, nor pomegranates, nor water to drink.
Now, behold, they recompense us, to drive us out of your inheritance, which you gave to us to inherit it.
So they took him, and threw him down to the pit; and the pit was dry, and there was no water therein.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Therefore let us therefore be in the same mind, that whoever is of the truth may be revealed to you, even if you have no other mind.
You shall speak in the presence of Yahweh your God, and say, I have received the holy things out of my house, and have given them to the Levite, to the foreigner, the fatherless, and the widow, according to all your commandment which you have commanded me: you shall command me that I shall not sin, nor forget.
If you offer a lamb for an offering, then you shall offer it before Yahweh.
the pure lampstand with its lamps, to stand before the oracle;
Therefore will I do to this house which you trust, which is called by my name, and to the land which I give to you and to your fathers, as I have done to Shiloh.
All the living creatures of the mountain, which Yahweh God has made, are male. The serpent said to the woman, Should God say, You shall not eat of all the trees of the garden?
At about that time the king of the Hebrews laid his hand on all the assembly,
If there be strife within your gates, if it be because of blood, or because of potteries, or for any kind of burning, in which you don't know how to judge; then you shall rise up, and go to the place which Yahweh your God shall choose.
When I offered the evening sacrifice, I arose from my sleep, and tore my clothes, and put them on my feet, and lifted up my hands to Yahweh my God, and said,
I regard my fellow citizen, my flesh and bones. If it is for them, let me be forsaken. Let me live in Christ, and I will gladly accept it.
It happened, when he was about to defile the temple, that we took him; and we tried to judge him according to our own law.
Then Joshua called all Israel, their elders, their heads, their judges, and their officers, all of them: and he said to them, I am old and well stricken in years.
But let him who is shut up be shut up, even as you are shut up.
and whoever hears the sound of the trumpet, and is not warned, the sword shall devour him, and his blood shall be on his head.
The nations shall see your righteousness, and the kings your glory; and you shall be called by the new name, which Yahweh has called with his mouth.
In that day, they shall come from Assyria to the cities of Egypt, from the river to the sea, from one mountain to another mountain; from one hill to another hill shall they come.
When he heard that Jesus was come out of Judea into Galilee, he begged him to go down to Capernaum to his son, for his son was dying.
The four angels, when they had had their release, were warming themselves, and preparing for that day, and that month, and the year, that they would come and kill the third part of the body.
Moreover you shall have many craftsmen, and stone cutters, and skilled in all manner of workmanship, that you may do every work.
and the border shall go down from Sihon to Riblah on the east of Aijalon, and go down to the sea of Chinneroth eastward;
How long, then? Do you think the potter to be like the clay? Do the things of the world make themselves known to his Maker, saying, He has not made me; or the things that are done, Do they say, He is not understanding?'
For I am not counted as you are, nor as my near kinsmen, but as my friends, and as my deacons.
They struck all the cities of Gerar round about; for Yahweh made them afraid: and they took all their cities; for they had much spoil in them.
and the name of the third was Dibrizim, which is on the east of Assyria; and the number of the fourth was Jephthah.
As he was eating, Boaz said to him, Come, eat bread, and make beds with your bread. He sat down on the heap of reeds; and he gave him some of the best wheat. He ate, and was left. He arose, and went to glean.
Oh that the salvation of Israel would come out of Zion! When Yahweh brings back his people, Then Jacob will rejoice, And Israel will be glad.
On the top of the pillars were pillars of brass, five cubits high; and the overlaying of the capitals round about were network and pomegranates; all of them of brass. The second pillar had overlaying.
I will establish the house of Judah, and will save Joseph's house; and I will bring them again, because I have mercy on them. They will be to them as I have not rejected; for I am Yahweh their God. I will love them.
My people shall live by faith, but if he does anything rash, I will not be favorable to him.
Though there are gold and precious stones, Yet the lips of those who have knowledge are a precious treasure.
If it is good in the year, and if it isn't, then cut it off.'
It shall be for Aaron and his sons an everlasting portion to the children of Israel; for it is a wave offering. They shall be wave offerings to Yahweh out of the peace offerings of Israel, among whom they offer the wave offerings.
If there be found with any woman a man or a woman of her husband, the man and the woman shall surely be put to death: so shall you put away the evil from the midst of Israel.
Jesus, perceiving their evil thoughts, said, Why do you test me, you hypocrites?
Jeremiah said to Zedekiah, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Armies, the house of Israel: If you go forth to the king of Babylon's princes, then your life shall live; and this city shall not be burned with fire, but you shall live, you and all your house.
King David's heart was urgent to remember Absalom; for Amnon was dead, and he was comforted.
This is the letter that I wrote to you, my faithful brother, concerning the true grace of God, which I testify to you. Stand on this grace.
The world is destroyed before Yahweh. The world is full of violence.
Take with your hand great stones, and lay them up in a mortar in the midst of the pit, which is before Pharaoh's house, in the presence of the children of Judah;
He took the new garments which he had put on, and tore them in twelve pieces.
Moreover the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Isaac was old, and his eyes were dim; and he called Esau his firstborn, and said to him, My son. He said, Here I am.
Joshua said, Take great stones to the mouth of the cave, and set men there, and keep them;
Delilah said to Samson, Tell me, Please, where is your strength? Why should you bind you, that you may be in distress?
One of the lawyers stood up, testing him, saying, Teacher, what shall I do to inherit eternal life?
Jonathan took his weapons in his hand, and made all the feet of his armor stand on their feet, and went after him: and the Philistines fell down before Jonathan, and took the weapons after him, and killed them.
Depart from evil, and do good. Seek peace with all your heart.
yet they tested the Most High, and rebelled against him, not keeping his testimonies.
The sons of the prophets said to Elisha, Behold, we are ewe with you in our dwellings,
It happened, when the days of the feast were fulfilled, that Job sent to them, and sanctified them; and they rose up early in the morning, and offered the burnt offering according to all the people; for Job said, It may be that my son has sinned, and has rejected Yahweh in his heart. He did so continually.
He said, You shall love God with all your heart, with your whole soul, and with your neighbor as yourself. This is more than offering burnt offerings and sacrifices.
For he is sullen. He shall not live, neither shall he die, because of all his transgressions which he has committed.
Open your doors, Lebanon, That the fire may devour your cedars.
He shall sprinkle some of its blood on the altar seven times, purifying it from the uncleanness of the children of Israel, and sanctifying it.
Now John was not yet put into prison.
You light up Sehbuth your king, and your image, the stars of your gods, which you have made for yourselves.
Behold, this man says to destroy the temple, and he rises up within three days: deliver yourself now. If you are the Son of God, come down from the cross.
In his hand is all the life of all creation, The breath of man.
So the king sat in his place by himself, even by the side of the wall: and Jonathan stood; and Abner was by Saul's side, and the place of David was empty.
Then the whole encampment was hushed up. One cried out, and the multitudes didn't know what was going on.
They said, Doesn't Yahweh speak with Moses? Hasn't he spoken with us? This was the word which YahWEH heard.
Yahweh, the God of heaven, the great and awesome God, keep covenant and love with those who love him and obey his commandments.
He made a turban of pure gold, and a pomegranate of gold: and he put it on the hem of the robe around the robe, in the midst of it.
Moses spoke to the children of Israel, and they gave him the rod: and he gave it to him according to the princes of their tribes, twelve rods; and Aaron's rod was among the rods.
Confirm your word to your servant, When he fears you.
Again he sent out the third, and they also beat him, and threw him out.
Because they didn't listen to the voice of Yahweh their God, and had rebelled against his covenant, as Moses the servant of God commanded them, they would not listen again.
In the sixth year of Darius the king began to build the house in the month Adar, which is the third month.
That you may be satisfied with good things, That you may return to your youth like eagles.
These are the names of the foreign women who were brought in among the sons of the priests, the house of Jeshua, the son of Jehozadak, and his brothers Maaseiah, Eliezer, Jabad, and Gedaliah.
Their horses were seven hundred thirty-six; their mules, two hundred forty-five;
Jael stretched out his hand, and took the lampstand, and his right hand the staff of the workmen; and he struck Sisera through his head, and pierced through his temples.
Behold, there I am. I see the great vision, and there is no strength in my flesh; yes, the face of my face is turned upside down, so that it is not able to stand.
You shall love Yahweh your God with all your heart, and with your whole soul, and in all your strength.
Hear my prayer, Yahweh of Armies. Listen, God of Jacob. Selah.
He charged them, and said to them, Tell my lord Esau, This is what your servant Jacob says: I have lived as a foreigner in Laban to this day.
But Jesus answered them, Blessed is he who hears God's word, and keeps it.
When iniquity is brought forth, sin immediately dies.
Then all those who call on the name of the Lord will be saved.
It happened, when the day that the king had appointed to bring them in was come, that the prince of the eunuchs brought them in before Nebuchadnezzar.
Moreover the woman of Tekoa said to the king, My lord, O king, let the iniquity be on me, and on my father's house; and let the king be guiltless with his words.
In forty years your garments shall not be torn, neither shall your feet be bent.
I have obeyed the voice of your words, and have not walked in the way of others; I have taken heed to myself, and not gone in the path of violence.
I will command them, that they shall come again to this city; and they shall fight against this city, and take it, and burn it with fire: and I will make the cities of Judah desolate, that none shall dwell therein.
There is great understanding for one who is slow to anger, But the Holy One will show great folly.
I appointed Shelemiah the priest, and Zadok the scribe, and Petaiah the Levite to be over the tent of meeting, and Hanan the captain of the guard; Hanan was the son of Zaccur, and Zachariah was Mattaniah's son; for I see that these men are faithful, and that they impart to their brothers.
All these Judah returned out of all the places where they were driven away, to Mizpeh in the land of Judah, to Gedaliah; and they gathered also wine and summer fruit.
You shall lend to the foreigner his interest; but you shall not lend to your brother his interest: that Yahweh your God may bless you in the land where you go to possess it, and in all that is in your hand.
in the day that the Lord cleansed the nakedness of the daughter of Zion with a spirit of judgment and fire, and purified Jerusalem from the blood of blood.
Then Shecaniah the son of Jezreel, of the children of Elam, answered Ezra, and said to him, We took foreign wives for the daughters of the nations in the midst of the land, and have transgressed against our God. The children of Israel have hope in this matter.
Aaron returned to Moses, and came to the door of the Tent of Meeting, and the plague was stayed.
If we confess our sins, God is true and righteous. He will forgive our iniquities, And will sweep away all unrighteousness.
the breadth of it was great as the span of a curtain; and the weight of the first part was six hundred shekels of iron: and the man who had the shield went before him.
Behold, there was a man who had a hand withered. Being determined to bring a matter to Jesus, he asked him, Is it lawful for a physician to heal on the Sabbath day according to the law?
In that night Yahweh spoke to Gideon, saying, Take the calf of your father, which is the second bull of the seven years; and break down all the altars of Baal which your father had, and cut down the Asherim that was by the altar,
The Pharisees came to him, and began to argue with him. They tried to tempt him, asking him to do a sign from heaven.
Next to him repaired the priests, the priests who lived in the valley.
Therefore, behold, this letter I write to you, that, when I come, I may show to you the authority which is given me by the Lord, not to destroy.
Out of the midst of them shall come forth thanksgiving and gladness; and I will multiply them greatly, and they shall not be diminished; I will exalt them, and not be exalted.
All men who bend the buckler are in vain. They have no profit in their joy. Their witnesses don't see, neither see, that they should be put to shame.
Thus says Yahweh: Behold, I will send an overflowing wind against Babylon, and against the Chaldeans who dwell therein.
Moses said, This is the thing which Yahweh has commanded you. The glory of God will be revealed to you.
Behold, he speaks, but no one speaks to him. But if the rulers know that this is Christ, who is he?
It will happen in the fourth generation that they will come here; For the sins of the Amorites are not expired.
For these things I have prayed three times to the Lord, that he would remove the bush from me.
He named his second son Ephraim, for he said, God has made me prosperous in the affliction of my life.
The people answered Joshua, No; but we are minded to serve Yahweh.
The male goat who is on the gate is the king of Greece. His horns are the horns of a great one.
When his armor bearer saw that Saul was dead, he also fell by the sword, and died.
Pilate therefore said, Brothers, hear, before Abraham our father came into Haran, and lived at Mesopotamia, the God of glory appeared to him,
Woe to you rich men! For you are ready to enjoy your pleasures!
Gideon the son of Joash was old and well stricken in years; and he died, and was buried in the tomb of Ophrah, the Abiezerite, in the presence of his father Joash.
and he shall stay all day until the anger of your brother be kindled.
The servants of Achish said to him, Isn't this David king of the kingdom? They answered in their dance, and said, Is it he who killed the thousands of Saul, and David killed all his army?
The ark rested in Kiriath Jearim, and was in operation twenty years: and all the house of Israel sought Yahweh.
Another of his disciples, Andrew, Simon Peter's brother, said to him,
But the woman answered, I have no husband. Jesus said to her, You said, No, I don't have husband.
In the eighteenth year of king Josiah he kept this Passover to Yahweh in Jerusalem.
His eyes melt with wine, And his teeth melt with milk.
Will you be tossed back and forth by the wind? Or will you pursue after the dry grass?
Yahweh is gracious and upright. He will guide sinners in the right way.
Paul was waiting at Athens for Silas and Timothy. When he saw that the city was full of idols, he was distressed.
They said to him, If this is the custom of a man's wife, it is better for him not to marry.
Their bulls give birth prematurely, And their young don't bring forth.
one male goat for a sin offering;
Moreover I tell the wicked, You shall surely die; If he turns from his iniquity, and does that which is lawful and right;
These things I tell you, that your faith may not be shaken.
The Pharisees therefore said to him, You testify about yourself, and your testimony is not valid.
Hezekiah and the princes came to see the heap, and blessed Yahweh, and his people Israel.
then the priest shall command them to take up the stones that were found in the plague, and cast them outside of the city into an unclean place.
As for the prince, because he is prince, he shall sit in the midst of it, and eat bread before Yahweh: he shall come in by the way of the porch of the gate, and he shall go out by it.
God worked marvelous signs in the hands of Paul.
Behold, a woman who had been a wife of twelve years came near to him, and touched the fringe of his garment.
The idol was made of a sapphire stone. The goldsmiths overlaid it with gold, and cast silver on it.
Yahweh said to Moses, Tell Aaron, Stretch forth your rod, and strike the dust of the earth with it, and make all the land of Egypt a desolation.
Now the rest of the acts of Manasseh, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
For death has come into our doors, Into our strongholds. It has destroyed the children from outside, And the young men from the streets.
Moses said, Let me see your glory.
I made gardens for myself, and gardens of fruit trees; and I planted in them every tree of fruit.
neither shall you love the wife of your neighbor, nor love your neighbor's house, or his land, or the man of his place, nor his female servant, nor her male servant, or her ox, nor any of his livestock, with all that is found in your neighbor.
We know that God has spoken to Moses; But where this man is from, we don't know.
Their tents and their flocks shall be taken, and all their vessels, and their camels with them, for a prey to themselves: and they shall cry to them, and fear every man round about.
He said to me, Take her, and carry her into the land of Shinar; and if the house is sound, set her up in her place.
Judah sent a kid of the daughters of Adullam, his friend, out of the hand of the woman, but he could not find her.
Every man and woman brought that which was well pleasing in his heart: gold, and silver, and pomegranates, earrings, and bracelets, and supplication: everyone brought his offering to Yahweh.
Moses and Eleazar the priest took their gold, even all the best of it.
Moses anointed the tent of meeting with their oil, and all that was in it, to sanctify it.
So the king passed over, and came to Gilgal, and to Chimham; and all Judah, and half of all Israel, passed over; and they sent the king over.
The lord of the house came out to them, and told them, Brothers, see that you don't do this evil thing. If this man comes into my house, you shall not do this shame.
For God is greater than our hearts, and knows all things.
We can't come against him, because he is mighty, and has power, and is filled with justice, and doesn't afflict.
Joab the son of Zeruiah was captain of the army; and Jehoshaphat the sonof Ahilud was recorder;
But who can stand in his day when he comes? Who can stand when he appears? For he is like a flaming fire, And like the blast of an oven that burns.
Therefore they answered him, We don't know where it comes from.
The lord of that servant will not be disappointed in the day that he isn't counted.
who died for us, that we might all live, whether we live or die, in his presence.
I have given them your name, and will give them your advice, that in them may you love me, and I in them.
that the peace which is in man, which is before God, may remain in Christ Jesus.
They said, This is Jesus, the prophet, and Nazareth of Galilee.
The wave offering and the drink offering have ceased, That the God of his great dominion may cease.
This is the word of God which is inscribed in him. We glorify God through him, Amen.
God stretched out his hand, and struck him with a stone, And raised him up from the foundations of the mountain.
Let all the nations rejoice and sing for joy! For you will judge the peoples in righteousness over all the earth. Selah.
Outside of the gate, in the inner court by the way of the north gate, were the chambers, set for those who sing for the singers: the chambers were toward the south, and one chamber toward the north.
You, God, are my King.Command, and save Jacob.
I came this day to the well, and said, Yahweh, the God of my master Abraham, if you will, show me the way that I shall go.
For Yahweh your God has walked around your camp to save you, and to deliver you from your enemies: therefore your camp ought to be holy, lest he see among you uncleanness, and depart from you.
Jacob was with Rachel, and loved Rachel more than Leah. He served Laban seven years.
Do to Midian as you have done to them; As you did to Sisera and Jabin at the river Kishon.
and all the captains of the forces, Johanan the son of Kareah, and Jaazaniah son of Hoshaiah, and all the people, came from the least to the greatest;
Will a man die any more? I will watch over my labor, until the day of my departure comes.
The magicians did likewise with their enchantments, bringing frogs into the land of Egypt.
It shall happen, if you forsake Yahweh, and serve foreign gods, that when Yahrah has blessed you, he will turn back, and lay evil on you, and destroy you.
Let your wrath be poured out on them. Let your jealousy devour them.
You divided the sea before them, and made them go through the sea as through a dry land: you cast those who pursued them into the depths of the sea, as cast stones in the great waters;
But when Paul was trying to go into the midst of the people, his disciples hindered him.
The children of Reuben, and the children of Gad, their livestock were exceeding great: and they saw the land of Jazer, and that which is in Gilead, a place for livestock.
As the baptism of baptism, and the laying on of the dead, and everlasting testimonies on the judgment seat;
Yahweh your God will send yet a very loud trumpet among them, until they are consumed from before you.
Moses said to Aaron, and to Eleazar and to Ithamar, his sons, Don't flatter your heads, neither tear your clothes; lest you die, and Yahweh be angry with all the congregation: but you, brothers, wail for the fire that burns on the house of Israel.
If a man says that he lives in light, yet he still hates his brother, or his sister; surely he is still living in darkness.
The valley of Loi and Omon, The valley of the craftsmen.
It shall happen, when you shall come to know, and when all these things come to you, that you shall turn to Yahweh your God, and listen to him;
I, Timothy, the author of this letter, greet you in the Lord.
Bring forth a good report to Zion, And raise up your voice to Jerusalem: Yes, raise up, don't be afraid. Tell the cities of Judah, Behold, your God!
To the poor he condemns the Lord; But he who has pity on the poor praises the Lord.
The young lions will gather themselves together to the place where the carcasses are.
and Kedemoth with its suburbs, and Mephaath and its suburbs; four cities.
The hill country of Ephraim, the kingdom of Damascus, and the remnant of Syria shall pass away as the glory of Israel, says Yahweh of Armies.
For you will go into a land of rest, not as you came forth out of the land of Egypt, where you will sow, and tread on it with your feet as the grass.
Therefore the animals of the desert and the wolves will dwell there, and the sword will dwell in the midst of it forever, without man, and without inhabitant forever.
and you shall eat it to the fullness of a month, until flesh comes out of your nostrils, and you shall abhor it; because you have forsaken Yahweh who dwells in the midst of you, and have lamented before him, saying, Why are we come forth out of Egypt?
Behold, he sends forth his light above it. He covers the sea with his waves.
His wisdom prevailed against ten thousand, and prevailed against Ethan the Ezraite, and against Heman the son of Mahol, against Chor and against Taldah: and his fame was on all the nations round about him.
He said to the king of Israel, Put your hand inside your bow. He put his hand inside his bow.
Therefore call to me all the prophets of Baal, and all those who serve Baal, even all his priests: don't let any man be called; for I will offer a great sacrifice to Baal, that none shall live: for Jehu has done it with a crafty stroke, and will utterly kill those who worship Baal.
If he isn't able to afford two turtledoves or two young pigeons, then he shall bring his offering for his sin which he has sinned, an ephah of fine flour mixed with oil, for a sin offering; he shall not go down to the oil, nor stir up the frankincense; for it is a sin offer.
Which is easier, saying, Your sins are forgiven;' or, Arise, walk?'
He said to them, Sanctify something to eat. They said to him, We have here five loaves and two fish, and if we didn't buy them, how will we eat of them all?
He said, I will not ask, neither will I test Yahweh.
Then David the king went in, and sat before Yahweh; and he said, Who am I, and what is my house, that you have brought me to this place?
Now this is the bone of my bones, and the flesh of my flesh. I will call her a woman, because she has taken it from a man.
It happened in the seven months and in the thirty-three days, that the king sent the people to their tents, and they rejoiced, everyone with his heart and with his soul, because of the kindness which Yahweh had given to David, to Solomon, and to his people Israel.
These are the things which men made to teach, but they didn't fulfill them.
Therefore will I also execute my wrath; my eye shall not pity them, neither will I have pity on them: though they cry with a loud voice in my ears, I will not hear them.
A stiff-necked man will be tormented, And a gentle tongue will break bones.
Those who go over the Jordan in company with the army of the army turned aside; and they went up into the waste places, and died.
For we don't glory in the works of other men, in the glory of our own selves; for we hope that your faith will grow, and that our works in the midst of you may be perfected.
It happened, when the captains of the chariots saw Jehoshaphat, that they said, This is the king of Israel; and they turned aside to fight against him: and he cried; and Yahweh helped him, and he removed them from him.
He who redeemed them has great power. Yahweh of Armies is his name. He will plead their cause, and give the land rest, and cause the inhabitants of Babylon to tremble.
Then said I in my heart, This is what the foolish man has done to me; and shall I not be wiser than they? Then I said in my spirit, This also is vanity.
It happened, when she had said this, that she turned around, and saw Jesus standing, but she didn't know that it was Jesus.
Be of good courage, and let us play the man for our people, and for the cities of our God: Yahweh do that which seems him good.
because Yahweh will not bring this people into the land which he swore to them; therefore he has killed them in the wilderness.
It is the fulfillment of the word of Yahweh, which he spoke by Jeremiah: wait for the land, that it may enjoy its rest; for it has been desolate seventy years.
All their works were for their eyes to be seen. They made the surface of the earth large, and the fringe of the skirt of their robe large.
If you are a riddle, and will not be burnt nor maimed, then I will spit you out of my mouth.
He said, With what will I liken the Kingdom of God?
They made two golden bowls of gold, and two rings of gold; and they put the two rings at the ends of the breastplate.
Whoever touches its flesh shall be holy. If its blood is sprinkled on any of its garments, whereon it is sprinkled, then you shall wash in the holy place.
Seeing them all, he marveled, and said to them immediately, Your heart is mine. Don't be afraid.
Wail for Saul, daughter of Israel! He has made you to rejoice in scarlet, and has made your garments of gold.
Jesus said to him, What would you? He answered, When you reign, give me one of your two sons to sit at your right hand, and one at your left.
Some of the multitudes, when they heard these things, said, Surely this man is a prophet.
David called a young man, and said, Come near, and kill him. He went and killed him.
Of Asher he said, Blessed be Asher for his children's sake, For the joy of his brothers, That he may tread on oil with his feet.
For you think that the Father loves us, that we should be called children of God; and indeed, we know that we are his children. Therefore the world has not known us, because they don't know God.
When Oholibah her sister saw it, she was more lewd than he, and she committed adultery more than her sister.
In the evening, when Aaron lit the lamp, you shall burn incense: it is a burning incense throughout your generations before Yahweh continually.
The wicked are haughty in their faces, saying, He won't come,' And their thoughts are rooted in ungodliness.
He shall offer to the man who is to be cleansed seven times, and pronounce him clean. He shall let the living bird go to the field.
We possessed it at that time: from Aroer, which is on the edge of the valley of the Arnon, and half the city of the hill country of Gilead, I gave it to the Reubenites and to the Gadites.
When it was full, it took it up, and sat down. He chose the good fish, and brought them into the sea, and cast away the bad fish.
Then I will search Jerusalem with a lamp, And I will punish those who are as many as are on the surface of the earth; And they will say in their heart, Yahweh will not bless, Neither will he do evil.
So the priests, the Levites, the porters, and the singers, of the people, even half of them, lived in their cities, Nethinim, and all Israel, everyone in his city.
If his father have no brothers, then he shall give his inheritance to the least of his family; and it shall be a statute for the children of Israel, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
Samuel said to him, This day Yahweh has cut off the kingdom of Israel from you, and so will he give it to one of your neighbors who is better than you.
They went forward every man in his ways. Wherever the spirit was, there they went. They didn't turn when they went;
He arose, and went to his father. It happened, while their father was yet a great way off, that he saw him, and he didn't hate him, but ran and embraced him, rubbing him.
But we are not afraid to speak or to invoke, that we may save souls; we are a people of faith and of salvation.
The wings of the cherubim went forth into the outer court, like the voice of God, who speaks.
A man's mouth answers when he wants to, And it is well with him.
That they may know that it is of your hand, That it is done by you, Yahweh.
Therefore you shall find hunger, and thirst, and nakedness, and no food, and shall serve the enemies whom Yahweh has sent against you; and he shall tread iron on your neck until you perish.
The fruits of understanding are truth, righteousness, and truth.
The sheep won't go after the blind, but will be hidden, because they don't know the voice of the blind.
Yahweh commanded Moses in the wilderness of Sinai, in the first month after the children of Egypt were come out of Egypt, saying,
If anyone sins, the voice of an oath is heard in him; he shall be tried; but he shall not say what he sees or what he knows: he shall bear his sin.
You say that you have counsel and might to fight. I say this vanity. But by reason of your confidence, who will betray me?
Abner and the elders of Israel took counsel, saying, Whereas you longed for David to reign over you,
The pots are for money, and the mops for gold. They are for proving men in praise.
But concerning the holy Son, he says, God, your throne is an everlasting throne, and the scepter of your Kingdom is upright.
One young bull for a sin offering, says the Lord Yahweh, shall you give to the sons of Zadok the priest, who come near to me to minister to me.
To the angel of the assembly in Sardis write: The seven Spirits of God and the seven stars of the sky said, I know your works; and they considered that you were alive, and died.
My son, don't forget my statutes. Keep my commandments.
Their yoke was secure, and they didn't fear. God's rod didn't strike them.
Then they said to them, What is the name of the men who built this house?
For this cause, let those who keep the commandments of God, and believe in Jesus, be of one mind.
the ark, its poles, the mercy seat,
This Ezra, who came out of Babylon, according to the law of Yahweh, the God of Israel, who gave Moses, was a scribe of worthless scribes: and the king granted him all that he asked, according as the hand of God his God was on him.
Pharaoh showed kindness to Abram for the woman; and Abram got sheep, oxen, male servants, female servants, and donkeys, and a donkey.
The pots are for the money, And the mules for the gold; But Yahweh tests the heart.
But if a man keeps the word of God, he is perfect in his love to God. So we will know that we live according to the will of God.
It happened on the next day, on the day of the new moon, that the ark of David was left in its place. Saul said to Jonathan his son, Why does the son of Jesse eat neither yesterday nor today?
But we were all filled, each according to the portion which he gave to us.
Whoever on the housetop worships all the army of the sky, and whoever he worships, swears by Yahweh, and by Malcam,
He who hates me hates my Father.
I will fill her valleys with the slain. The sword will fall on your hills, On all your couches.
An angel of the Lord appeared beside them, and the Lord's glory looked on them. They were amazed.
When he has laid the foundation of the house, and has finished the building, and the plague has come, and is spread in the house;
and that you offer sacrifices of leavened bread, and that you prophesy, and proclaim, and make a proclamation, Israel:
For God gave him a perfect and just border, for a root of all those who are obedient to him,
Put your affairs in Yahweh's hand, And take refuge in him; He will be perfect for you.
They are treading water. An angel of the Lord will come down, and will tread water on them. He will be healed who treads water, whether he is sick or not.
Jesus said to them, I am the bread of life. He who comes to me will not be hungry forever, But he who believes in me will never be thirsty.
He will say, Their gods, In which they trust,
Haven't you heard what this people says? They say, The two nations which Yahweh has chosen, he has rejected; thus have they despised my people, and are desiring to build a nation before them.
Baasha struck Asa king of Judah three years, and killed him, and reigned in his place.
The fame of your beauty has reached to the peoples through your beauty; for with my glory have I given you, says the Lord Yahweh.
I said, You are gods, and you are all sons of the Most High;
For thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel: The iron of the pan shall not be diminished, neither shall the oil of the jar fail, until the day that God does rain on the earth.
But Paul said to the men, We are Romans, and will not be judged. They crucified us in front of all the people, and put us in prison. Now will they drag us out secretly? For that is not fitting, call on the chief magistrates, and bring us out.
Behold, the herds of shepherds roar; for their glory is destroyed: and the wild lions roar, for the forest that is by the Jordan is laid waste.
Therefore our prophecy which we prophesied is greater than that which we proclaimed. Listen to it; for it is like a lampstand in darkness, and it shines on your heart until morning, until the dawning of the morning.
The priest shall offer on the altar burnt offering and meal offering; and the priest shall make atonement for him, and he shall be clean.
All the vessels of the tent, and their pins, and the pins that were in the court, shall be of brass.
The young bird, my king, my God, has found a house for himself, and the young bird a place for himself and for his son, at your altar.
This saying we will believe, that we are all complete.
I, Yahweh of Armies, have planted your seed, and have commanded evil against you, because Israel and the house of Judah have done evil, burning incense to Baal, to provoke me to anger: do you, and let your own self be recompensed.
As he has glorified himself, so shall you make him sorry; for he has said in his heart, I will sit as queen in the king's room; I am not a widow, and I will in no way be hurt.
Let the heavens sing, for Yahweh has brought them forth; Let the earth sing for joy, For the mountains sing, For every tree of the forest, For all the trees of the earth: For he has redeemed Jacob, And he will be glorified in Israel.
But if you are of the same mind, you are able to do the will of God, and to receive his promise.
All the women of the land were not as beautiful as the daughters of Job: and their father gave them inheritance among their brothers.
The voice of horses' hoofs, the voice of those who have saddled their chariots, the sound of the wheels, the rushing of their wheels,
Then they brought him to the high priest; and all the chief priests, elders, and scribes were gathered together.
Don't you understand? Don't you remember that I gave five thousand to eat five loaves of bread, and all who came were filled with water?
Only one thing will terrify me: that I will stand and cry among them, saying, I am judged this day for the dead.
So he became great, and grew greater and greater, until he became a wealth.
The people answered Joshua, We will serve Yahweh our God, and obey his voice.
Amaziah struck of Edom ten thousand in the Valley of Salt, and took Sera, and changed his name to Jokthel, to this day.
He said to the multitude, Is it better on the Sabbath to do good, or to do evil? To save the life of man or to destroy his life? They all held their peace.
The length of the house which king Solomon built for Yahweh was sixty cubits, and the breadth twenty cubits; and the height thirty cubits.
As one who builds a house, and he digs it, and puts the foundation on a rock, when the waters come, and the brook passes over, he breaks the house; and the house is not moved, because it is built strong.
But if you will not listen to me, and will not make the Sabbath holy, then will you enter into every gate of Jerusalem on the Sabbath day, and I will kindle a fire in every gate; and it will devour the palaces of Jerusalem, and it shall not be quenched.
Now Jesus was going through the grain fields on the Sabbath day. But his disciples were hungry, so they broke the grain, and ate.
Succoth rebelled against the beginning, And condemned himself to sin.
I thank my strength, which is in Christ Jesus our Lord, who has judged me to be faithful, and has commanded me to serve him.
For we shall surely die, as waters fall on the earth, and not be gathered back again: but Yahweh has not taken away the life; he has set free the fugitive from him.
When you chasten a man for his iniquity, you make the abomination of his love to cease; For the sons of men are vanity. Selah.
With loving kindness you will show kindness, And with loving kindness a perfect man.
Yahweh, my rock, Redeemer of my Lord! Let the words of my mouth and the thoughts of my heart be accepted before you.
Who is God, save Yahweh? Who is a rock, save our God?
When Saul saw it, he knew that Yahweh was with David, and Michal, Saul's daughter, loved him.
He made the ephod of gold, of blue, purple, scarlet, and fine twined linen.
But fear Yahweh, who brought you out of the land of Egypt with great power and outstretched arm.
God, it is a light thing to see this, for you have spoken of the house of your servant to the end. Yahweh God, you have dealt with me as the ruler of the nobles.
My soul, why are you in despair? Why are you disturbed within me? Hope in God! I will still praise him, for he is the glory of my face, and he is my God.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: Go, and speak to the men of Judah, and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem, saying, Haven't you taught, and have not listened to my voice?
The way of the wicked is an abomination to Yahweh; But he who follows the righteous will love him.
There was no more like that day in which the voice of Yahweh was heard in the sight of the children of Israel, because God fought for Israel.
I tell the wicked, You shall surely die; and if you don't warn him, nor warn the wicked from his evil way, to save his life; then the wicked shall die in his iniquity; but I will require his life at your hand.
He entered again into the synagogue, and there was a man with a withered hand.
There was a river, and its waters were poured out, and made the city of Yahweh rejoice, even the holy house of the Most High.
Man wanders out of the way. He goes astray. There is none who does good, not one.
It is better to dwell in the corner of the housetop, Than to share a house with a contentious woman.
For if we weren't of the same mind, we would have come the second time.
When they enter into the inner court, they shall put on linen garments; and they shall not put on sheep's clothing, when they do their work in the court.
It happened at the time when the heavens should appear, that Yahweh looked out of the cloud and from the pillar of fire, and saw the multitude of Egypt, and struck their strong ones:
Yahweh gave me two tables of stone, of which Yahweh wrote with his fingers: and the writing on the top of the mountain was according to all the words that I spoke to you on the mountain in the day of the assembly in the midst of the fire.
He is a judge of unrighteous judgment. There is no one who exercises justice for him. Who can lead his generation? For the life of the earth is ended.
Please give me a little water to wash your feet, and rest in the trees.
You blind guides, you guide the little ones. Gird up the camels, and let them go.
Thus shall Pharaoh do: he shall set a ruler over the land, and shall restore the five talents of the land in the seventh year, when the year of his reign is ended,
Aaron is about to die; for he shall not go into the land which I give to the children of Israel; because you have rebelled against my commandment in the waters of Meribah.
The king was in the plains of the Jordan between Succoth and Zareth, encamped in the land of the reeds.
I will bring your body health to health, and I will heal your body, says Yahweh; for they call you a fugitive, and say, Zion, and there is no one to inquire.
I am the vine, and you are the branches; and he who dwells in me, and I in him, he will bear fruit in abundance: for with me you can do nothing.
They led away Stephen, and the elders and scribes, and brought him to the council.
These four were born to the giant in Gath, and died in the hand of David, and in the hands of his servants.
Now in the feast of the Passover, his parents and his brothers will go to the feast.
All your bows are gone forth. All your oaths to the tribes are true. Selah. You divide the earth by rivers.
Thus shall you walk in all the way which Yahweh your God shall command you; and it shall be well with you, and good to you: and you shall prolong your days in the land which you shall inherit.
but your son, being a prostitute, has persuaded your husband to give you all the substance of his substance; and when he comes, you shall kill for him fatlings.
They all marveled greatly, saying, All that he has done is good. He has done it with the ears of the deaf, And with the mouths of the mute.
Jacob lifted up his eyes, and saw that Esau was coming, and four hundred men with him. He divided the children, and gave to Leah, and to Rachel; and to the two handmaids he gave them.
I will keep your statutes. Don't forsake me altogether.
All who were numbered of the Levites, whom Moses and Aaron and the princes of Israel numbered according to their families, by their fathers' houses, all who were able to go out to war;
For he established your gates. He blesses the children who are in the midst of you.
They took him, and brought him to Anathah; for he was high priest of the people, and was the son of Caiaphas the high priest, the same year.
One of his servants answered the king, and said, Draw near to the horses which are left in the city, which are yet in the midst of the city; and behold, the horses are as the remnant of the people who are left; behold, they are as Israel's destroyed; and let us send and take a look.
His dominion also shall be great, but not from his dominion; and he shall go down to destruction, but he shall prosper; he shall do according to his will, and shall destroy the strong and the holy people.
For the other name was Eliezer, for Moses said, The God of my father helped me, and delivered me from Pharaoh's sword.
Her branches shall be cut off, and her women shall ravage her; for the people are foolish: therefore their Maker will not pity them, nor show favor to them, neither will their Creator render to them.
If the bright spot stays in its place, and is not changed, it is a small cloud; then the priest shall pronounce him clean.
Yahweh did according to his will in heaven, in the earth, and in the depths of the sea, in all depths.
I will shake the nations, and all their desire will come; and I will fill this house with glory, says Yahweh of Armies.
I will be his Father, and he will be my son; and I will not take my loving kindness from him, as I caused to take him away from one of you.
He saw a fig tree by the road, and he came near. There was no fruit on the tree, save the leaves of it. He said to the fig tree, From now on you will never bring forth fruit. It immediately dried up from the tree.
Jesus summoned the multitude and his disciples, and said to them, If anyone desires to follow me, let him leave himself, take his cross, and follow me.
I will make Jerusalem a heap, and a dwelling place for jackals; and the cities of Judah shall be laid waste, and no man shall dwell therein.
I am no more small in all the loving kindness and truth which you have shown to your servant, Even the least of them; For I have become two great in my lifting up my rod over this Jordan.
Joshua rose up early in the morning, and all Israel with him, and departed from Shittim, and came into the Jordan, and stayed there until the river passed over.
Samson said to them, I have hurt the Philistines this time; and they shall not make me sorry.
There will be survivors in Zion, and they will be holy. The house of Jacob will possess them.
It fell on a day when Eli lay down in his own place, and his eyes were heavy, and he could not see.
Therefore faith is the beginning of all things. By faith, the promise is made to all Abraham's seed, not only circumcised, but also those who believe in God. Abraham was the father of all.
It happened in the twenty-seventh year, in the first day of the month, that the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Pharaoh made ready his chariot, and took his people with him:
God said to the man clothed in linen, Go in, and lay on the wall between the cherubim, and between every cherub there are two hands full of coals of fire, burning on the gallows. My eyes saw the man going in.
You will search for a wife, and there will be no one with her. You will build a house, and won't be able to stand in it: you will plant vineyards, but won't eat the fruit of them.
saying, Where is the promise of the Lord? Our fathers died, but all things are the same from the foundation of the world.
They came to Philip of Bethsaida, a Bethlehemite, who was in Galilee, and said to him, Sir, we want to see him.
He answered them, I tell you, I will multiply him also who has one who has none, and I will take all that he has.
Samson struck them with a great slaughter, both of body and of body. They went down and lived in the clefts of the rock of Etam.
One Spirit leads to another faith; and another spirit leads to a different healing.
Prepare yourselves, you, and all the army that is with you, that you may be their guerilla.
Yahweh preserves all those who love him, But all the workers of iniquity he will destroy.
Don't you remember that I gave to the four thousand seven loaves of bread, and you gathered them up in a heap?
We sat by the river of Babylon, and we saw Zion. The tears fell on my eyes.
For the Levite has no portion nor inheritance with you: he shall eat of it, he, and the foreigner, the fatherless, the widow, and those who are within your gates: so Yahweh your God bless you in all that you do.
They are disappointed for their expectation. They are confounded when they come.
Then Gideon brought down the people to the waters; and Yahweh said to Gideon, He who waters with the tongue, as with the bowl, let him set him upright: and he who sits on the throne to drink of the waters shall be set upright.
Every vow, and every oath, he has bound with it: his husband may hold it up, and his wife may throw it out.
One of them, in his wrath, was grieved for their heart. He said to the man, Stretch out your hand. He did, and his hand came out.
It happened on a day when Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
He was marvelously in the waters. Their portion was cursed on the earth. He didn't turn again to go the way of the vineyard.
He will die in the days of his youth, And their life will be wasted like a little child.
For Israel has forgotten his Maker, and built a tomb. The fortified cities of the house of Judah will I send a fire on their cities, and it will devour their encampments.
When the Lord Jesus had said these things to them, they were received up into heaven, and sat down at the right hand of God.
I will lay your foundation with the salt of the earth, with the stones of blue, With the precious stones of purple, On your foundations, says Yahweh.
When you cry, deliver you that which you have gathered. The wind will blow on them. The breath will take them away. But he who trusts in me will inherit the land, And will give my holy mountain for a possession.
Therefore, house of Israel, I will judge you according to all that you have done, says the Lord Yahweh: turn you from all your iniquities; so shall your sin not be consumed.
Everyone who heard him began to marvel at his understanding and his answer.
in the plains of the Jordan between Succoth and Zareth, in a land of the mire, in the place of a measuring reed in the midst of it.
He measured the length of it twenty cubits, and the breadth of it Twenty cubits: and he said to me, This is the most holy place.
But Saul was very angry, and didn't rejoice in this saying. He said, Give me all things to David, even thousands of thousands, but there shall not be a kingdom left to him.
You shall fear Yahweh your God, and serve him, and swear in his name.
He cried with a loud voice, saying, Babylon is fallen! and behold, the city is sunk down, the dwelling place of her unclean spirits, and of all the animals that are unclean and abominable.
But if a man doesn't believe, he isn't acceptable to God. But he who comes near to God, let him believe in the presence of God, and believe that he will reward those who seek him.
Nevertheless I didn't forsake them in the land of their enemies, neither was I abhorred them; but I consumed them utterly: and they rebelled against my covenant that I made with them; for I am Yahweh their God.
Take heed to yourselves, for they will deliver you up to councils, and you will be beaten down in synagogues. You will be witnesses to them for my sake, standing before the judge and the king for my name's sake.
Then you shall lift up your face from the blemish of your face; and you shall stand, and shall be without fear.
As he sat on the Mount of Olives looking toward the temple, Peter, James, John, and Andrew asked him privately,
Egypt is like the Nile, whose waters are crystal clear, whose words say, I will be exalted, and I will cover the earth; I will destroy the cities, and the inhabitants of them.
Pharaoh said to him, What have you to do here, that you want to go to your own country? He said, I have nothing to do, but let me go.
Then said he to me, You great and beloved man, Daniel, understand what I tell you. Stand up, for I am being sent to you. When he spoke to me this word, I stood up in righteousness.
Joram took all his chariots, and passed over to Zareil; and he rose up in the night, and struck the Edomites who were with him, and the captains of the chariots; and the people fled every man to his tent.
A tyrannical man is the head, And a prophet who teaches lies is the tail.
Be diligent to do that which is evil in the sight of God, that you may be a diligent workman, able to confirm the word of truth.
that I may boast in the day of Christ; for I am not a vain and vain man, in which all my labor is not in vain.
Solomon built all the cities which Hiram had given Solomon, and let the children of Israel dwell there.
Greet Yahweh from the altar. Praise him with ten-stringed lyre.
He called together all the chief priests and the scribes, and said to them, Where was Christ born?
Rise up against my shepherds, And against him who is with me, says Yahweh of Armies; And let the sheep be scattered, And I will turn my hand against those who are my companions.
When all Israel saw that the king didn't listen to them, the people said to the king, What portion have we in David? We have no portion with the son of Jesse. Return to your tents, Israel. David, restore your house. The children of Israel returned to their tents.
Now therefore take twelve men out of the tribe of Israel, out of every tribe a man;
They said to Joshua, We are your servants. Joshua said to them, Who are you? From whence came you?
Remember, Yahweh, how I have walked before you in truth and in truth, and have done that which is good in your sight. Hezekiah wept bitterly.
As for the disobedience of one, all men became iniquity; and as for the righteousness of another, all the people became righteous.
The redemption of the money that came out of the families' houses shall be given to Aaron and to his sons.
He feared God, and feared his whole house, and served many poor and needy Jews, and prayed continually to God.
He had a son, whose name was Saul; and he was a mighty man, and he had a good head: but there was not a man like him in Israel, and his body was lifted up above all the people.
Samuel said to Saul, Why have you troubled me, to bring me up? He said, I am distressed; for the Philistines have fought with me, and God is gone from me, neither has he answered me with prophets or dream: therefore I have called you, that you may show me what I shall do.
But he said to them, Come you after me, and bring forth those who are most holy to bury their dead.
The word of Yahweh came to Jonah the son of Ammethai, saying,
then will I make this house like Shiloh, and will make this city a curse to all the nations of the earth.'
If I remember these things in my heart, I will be offended.
But David had brought him up from Kiriath Jearim, to the place which David had prepared for him; for he had pitched a tent for God at Jerusalem.
To be a sign to our neighbors who dwell in darkness and in the shadow of death, That we may walk in peace.
I lifted up my hands to heaven, and said, As I live, says Yahweh, forever and ever,
If a fool keeps silent, he is wise; But he who speaks wisely is wise.
Moreover Solomon had sat on the throne.
So the field and the cave that is in the field were purchased from the children of Heth for a possession of a burial site.
But his heart was lifted up, and his holy convocation was brought low; and he was brought forth out of his throne, and robbed of his glory.
Jacob took the green herb, and cut down the boughs, the palm trees, and the pomegranates, and ground them in white, and caused the whitewash of the trees to come forth out of the tree.
He who blesses the soul of Yahweh will inherit the land. He who curses will perish.
There is great fear for those who do evil. God is in the midst of the righteous.
He gave their livestock to the hail, and their flocks to the lightning.
It happened after two full years, that his bed fell out because of the sickness; for the sickness was great; and his people didn't burn his offering, as they burned his fathers.
Therefore, beloved, all of you have been in me when I was present with you. Now I am not with you, but be subject to you. Be patient, and be at peace with one another, until you have obtained your salvation.
He traveled from Babylon in the first month, and in the fifth month, he came to Jerusalem; for the hand of God was on him.
Go, call the elders of Israel, and tell them, The God of your fathers, the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, has appeared to me, saying, I have seen what they did to you in Egypt.
But he who hates his brother, or he who is a virgin, lives in darkness. He walks in the darkness, and doesn't know his way; for the darkness makes his eyes blind.
Now the sons of Merari had this business: they kept the boards of the tent of meeting, and the doors of it, and their pillars and their sockets, and all their instruments of service,
For this reason the high priest who had the legion was shut up, and all who entered into the house of Ashdod, until this day.
For I am distressed for you, lest my labor which I labored in the midst of you fail.
Yahweh, who has pleaded my cause, has subdued the peoples.
He said, If you shall listen diligently to the voice of Yahweh your God, to do that which is right in his eyes, and to hear his commandments and to keep all his statutes, then shall I not disclose to you the sicknesses of the Egyptians which I have found; for I am the God of your healers.
He made the altar of burnt offering of acacia wood: the length of it was five cubits, and the breadth of it fifty cubits; and the height of it were three cubits.
Thus says Yahweh: As I have caused this great evil to come on this people, so will I bring on them all the good that I have promised them.
I shall die in this land, and I shall not pass over the Jordan: but you shall pass over and possess the good land.
Pharaoh said, I will let you go, and sacrifice to Yahweh your God in the wilderness; but don't come far: pray for me.
You shall observe to do certain statutes and ordinances, which you shall do, in the land which Yahweh, the God of your fathers, gives you to possess it:
Their king and his princes shall go into captivity together, says Yahweh.
Then Job answered,
The wicked shall return to Sheol. All the nations that don't remember God shall be so.
For Yahweh your God, he who goes with you, he will fight for you against your enemies, and deliver you.
Only you shall not build the house; but your son who shall come forth out of your body, he shall build a house for my name.
There came forth a wind from Yahweh, and brought up the seagulls out of the sea, and they fell on the camp; and the one quarter was the way of a day, and the other quarter was a day; and all the towers were two cubits round about the camp.
Hiram king of Tyre sent messengers to David, wood cutters, and masons, and carpenters, to build him a house.
Yahweh is my light and my salvation. Who am I yet to fear? Yahweh, the strength of my life, I am yet to wonder who am I then?
You shall not eat blood: so shall you do that which is right in the eyes of Yahweh, and it shall be well with you and with your seed.
Beloved, don't believe all things, but hold him to account, and see that he is not of God; for many false prophets have arisen in this world.
The cloud was removed from over the tent; and behold, the leprosy of Miriam was as white as snow. Aaron looked to Miriam; and, behold, he was leper.
Cry aloud, you shepherds! You heads of flocks, be bowed down in the midst of the fire! For the days of slaughter and confusion have come. You will fall, as a vessel that men delights to cast down.
For I say that you have different kinds of languages. Some say I am Paul, and some, Apollos, and others, I am Cephas.
For Yahweh, he who made the heavens, he is God; he made the earth to be established, and strengthened it; he didn't make it void, but he made it for habitation. He says, I am he, and there is none else.
It shall be, when they shall be ashamed of all their ways that they have done to them, that you shall show them the pattern of the house, and the manner of its going out, and his entrance into it, and all his doings, and every manner of his purification, and according to all his ordinances, in their sight; and you shall cause them to keep all their ordinances and all their doings; that they may do them like them: every rule and every ordinance.
They each took his censer, and put fire in it, and laid incense on it; and they and Moses and Aaron stood at the door of the tent of meeting.
They have given me comfort in my soul, and in your spirit. Respect such.
Woe to you! For you have made a tomb for the prophets of your fathers!
Therefore I tell you, don't concern yourselves with what your life will eat, or what it will drink, or about what your body will wear. Isn't your life greater than food? Aren't your bodies greater than clothing?
There is on the earth a nation like your people Israel, whom Yahweh went to redeem for his own people, to give you a name from exceeding great and awesome things, because you have driven the nations from your people, whom you redeemed out of the midst of Egypt.
David said to Solomon his son, Be strong, and do well: don't be dismayed, neither be afraid; for Yahweh God, my God, is with you; he will not fail you, nor forsake you, until all the work of the house of Yahwehu is finished.
Now many of the multitude were talking among themselves about Jesus. Some said, He is a good man. Others said, No, but he enlightens the multitudes.
I was grieved that I had made Saul king; for he turned away from following me, and didn't observe my commandments. Samuel sought Yahweh all night long.
The children of Benjamin didn't drive out the Jebusites who lived in Jerusalem, who remained in Jerusalem with Benjamin to this day.
They sought therefore to tempt him, to ask him a sign from heaven.
She fell at his feet, and rose up before the morning light, when it was not hidden from the eyes of the sky. He said, Don't let a man know that there is a woman in the threshing floor.
Now we know that you know all things. Don't let anyone ask you. Therefore we believe that you are from God.
Jesus answered them, Go and tell the fox, Behold, I have cast out demons today, and tomorrow, and I have healed myself, and have finished my work the third day.'
and you came down on Mount Sinai, and spoke to them out of heaven, and gave them a law of uprightness, and a truth, and good statutes, and commandments,
Thus shall you speak to the prophet, saying, What does Yahweh answer you? and what does he speak?
Then called the king of Israel a high officer, and said, Hurry, Micaiah the son of Imlah.
From the rising of the sun, and from the going down of the same, they have made known to all men that there is none else besides me; I am Yahweh, and there is no other besides me.
All your enemies are against you. They mock and build up. They say, We have swallowed him up! Now is the day that we looked for, and we have seen.
All this happened to us in an hour of grief.
He brought Aaron's sons; and Moses put some of the blood on the tip of their right ear, and on the thumb of his right hand, and also on the big toe of the right foot: and Moses sprinkled the blood upon the altar round about.
Those who were numbered of them by their fathers' houses were six thousand two hundred, according to the number of the names of the males from a month old and upward.
In heaven, God's temple opened. In the temple, the ark of his covenant was seen. There followed lightnings, sounds, thunders, hail, and great hail.
Immediately they looked around, and didn't see anyone, but Jesus was there with them.
For Damascus is the head of Syria, and Rezin is his head of Damascus. Ephraim will be destroyed in sixty-five years, and it will not be a nation.
The priest shall examine him on the seventh day; and if the plague has spread in the skin, then the priest shall pronounce him unclean. It is the plague of leprosy.
If there be a controversy, let them stand in judgment, and judge according to my ordinances; and they shall keep my statutes in all my feasts, and sanctify my Sabbaths.
He went up with his father to Nazareth, and wept. His mother told him all these things in her heart.
We will not be with them in the land where we go up beyond the Jordan to possess it; for our possession is on this side of the Jordan eastward.
Surely I would rather speak with the Almighty, Than with God.
Yahweh, the God of Israel, why is this so in Israel this day, seeing there is not a tribe in Israel?
For when they went to the valley of Eshcol to see the land, it made the children of Israel to faint, and they didn't want to go into the land which Yahweh had given them.
On the south side shall be the standard of the camp according to their divisions: and the prince of the children of Reuben shall be Elizur the son of Shedeur.
But Hezekiah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem humbled themselves, because their heart was lifted up; so that the wrath of Yahweh didn't come on them in the days of Hezekia.
When he who avenges blood pursues him, they shall not deliver the slain into his hand; for he has killed his neighbor unwittingly, and was not displeased with him.
and when it was told me that Saul was dead, and that he had made himself a good news, then I took him, and killed him in Sychar, which is my reward for him for his good news.
You shall make a linen cloth for them, and shall cover their nakedness: the cloth shall be from the waist up to the thigh.
You have made us a proverb among the nations, And a people shake their heads at us.
Therefore Solomon desired to kill Jeroboam. So Jeroboaman fled into Egypt, and came to Shishak king of Egypt. He lived in Egypt until Solomon died.
Thus says the word of Yahweh of Armies, The people shall not yet tell the time of the house of God.
The Moabites were slain at that time about ten thousand men, all of them valiant men; none of them ran away.
Blessed be Yahweh, my rock, who has refined my hand to war. He has sharpened my fingers to make war.
Son of man, prophesy, and say, Thus says the Lord Yahweh concerning the children of Ammon and concerning their assemblies: Say you, A sword, a drawn sword, has gone forth to kill, and to devour as lightning.
Jehoash slept with his fathers, and was buried with the kings of Israel in Samaria; and Jeroboam his son reigned in his place.
Of every offering you shall take one for a wave offering to Yahweh; and it shall be for the priest who offers the blood of the sacrifice of peace offerings.
When we had sailed many days, and had come into the sea of Crete, we entered by the way of Samos, because of the storm, into Crete by the lake of Cyrene.
All the Gileadites and all the princes spoke one to another, saying, Who shall go up first against the children of Ammon? The man shall be chief of all the Gilesites.
But the men didn't listen to him; and the man took his concubine, and delivered her outside; and they caught her, and tormented her all night: and when the morning appeared, they let her go.
Peter summoned them into the house, and left them there all night. On the next day Peter went with them, and some of the brothers of Joppa with him.
It happened on the next day, that Moses went into the tent of the testimony: and behold, the rod of Aaron the Levite was plucked up, and it was red, and pomegranate, and in flower.
David reigned forty years over Israel; and seven years reigned he in Hebron: and thirty-three years he reigned in Jerusalem.
David inquired of Yahweh; and he said, Don't turn aside at all: turn aside behind them, and strike them from the midst of the sycamore tree.
In one trespass, sin enters into the world, and death follows. All flesh will die, because everyone has sinned.
For whoever doesn't remember God, his way is like this: He who is godless, his hope will fail.
The tomb also is opened, and the people of God, who are many, are risen up in their bodies.
and I have appointed Aholiah the son of Ahitubath to be governor of the tribe of Dan; and I have given wisdom to all who are wise in heart, that they may do all that I command you.
Yahweh said to Joshua, I have removed you this day the reproach of Egypt from you. Therefore the name of that place was called Gilgal to this day.
You have made the land where I have trodden bare. My feet have not trodden in it.
Cursed be he who curses my father, who said, Behold, you have a son! Give him joy!
Now the anger of Herod was kindled against Tyre and Sidon; therefore they set themselves in array to go to Herod: for they had made obeisance to Bulladore, the ruler of the house, to seek the river; for they were faithful to give account of the land to the king.
Raise a staff, and call the assembly together, you, and Aaron your brother; and command the rock out of their sight, that waters may come out of the rock for the people, and that the congregation may drink, and their livestock.
They rose up from Midian, and came to Balaam; and they took certain men with them, and went into Egypt to Pharaoh king of Egypt: and Pharaoh gave them houses, and provisioned them food, and gave them fields.
The grief of a foolish child is the grief of his father, And the sorrow of fools.
As they went, they questioned what they had done.
Because you did not do so, Yahweh our God has punished us; for we didn't seek him according to our purpose.
He made in the house two pillars of brass: the height of the one capital was thirty-five cubits; and he overlaid the top of the pillars of the capital five cubits.
Samuel said to the baker, Take up the portion that I give you, and go out.
The old prophet said to him, I also am a prophet, like you; and an angel said to me in the word of Yahweh, Bring him up with you to your house, and let him eat bread and drink water. This was the old prophet who deceived him.
But this I will accuse you of, that you have rejected my love.
Melchizedek, Aristarchus, Tema, and Lycaonia greet you.
There were twenty satraps round about the throne, twenty-four elders who were dressed in white, with the crown of gold on their head.
Yahweh has established the earth with wisdom. He has set up a heaven of understanding.
They went and called to those who were at the gate of the city, and said to them, We came to the camp of the Syrians, and behold, there was no man there, neither was there any voice: only horses tied, and donkeys saddled, and tents in like manner.
The Kingdom of Heaven is like a vineyard, where the master of the vineyard early goes to get his laborers into his vineyard.
They prayed, and said, Lord, you know every man's heart, show us which of these you have chosen,
When I shall scatter them among the nations, and disperse them through the countries, they shall know that I am Yahweh.
Whatever you do, do it with all your heart, as the Lord does, and not the man.
Remind you of the ancient things, for I am God, and there is none else besides me; and I am the Lord, and no one is like me.
They baked the Passover with fire according to the custom; and the sacrifices, when they had made an end of boiling the fat with the broth, they hurried and brought them to the people.
It happened, when Asa heard the prophecy of Oded the prophet, that he arose and went up, and took away all the abominations from all the cities of Judah and all the hill country of Ephraim, which he had taken; and he built the altar of Yahweh before the king of Judah.
Jehozadak the son of Jehozadak, and his brothers the priests, and Zerubbabel his son, and Zobah his brother, went up to build the altar of the God of Israel, to offer burnt offerings thereon, as Moses the servant of Yahweh had written in the book of the law.
Now Abraham was righteous before God. Was he circumcised? Was he uncircumcised? Has he been circumcised?
All the people grieved for Benjamin; for Yahweh gave to the tribe of Israel one horn.
The feast of unleavened bread, also called The Passover, is at hand.
It happened in the time of Jerusalem's disaster, that the Edomites said, Break it down, break it down; even to the foundations of the earth, Yahweh!
But the seed has no root, and doesn't grow. When adversity and perverseness are on it, immediately it falls.
God said, Let the waters of the heavens be gathered together, and let the dry land be revealed. So it was done.
You shall be blessed above all peoples. There shall not be a man among you who is barren, neither shall there be a son among your livestock.
When David was come to Ziklag, he took up from among the spoil which he had taken, and sent and sent to the elders of Judah his friend, saying, Behold, these are the spoil of the enemy of Yahweh, and are sent as an offering.
The Philistines were gathered together, and encamped in Shunem; and Saul was gathered to all Israel to Gilboa.
Four wheels of brass and brass were made of each one of them; and the wheels were of the four corners of the basin, and they were cast under the basin; and on every wheel were pomegranates.
After you shall raise up another nation, a nation that was not worthy of you, and after them a third nation, even a people of brass, to rule over the earth.
For these twenty years have I been with you: your rams and your female goats have not lain, nor fed the flock of your sheep; I have not eaten of them.
He killed the bull, and Moses took the blood, and put it on the horns of the altar round about, to cleanse the altar: and he put the blood again at the altar, and sanctified it, and made atonement for it.
Hannah prayed, and said, My heart is joyful in Yahweh; my horn is lifted up in God: I speak proudly to the adversary; for I am glad in your salvation.
(Now the land was reckoned to the Rephaim; and the Rephuim lived therein: and the children of Ammon called it The Holy One.
Watch therefore and hear; for whoever has any, that will increase him; and whoever doesn't have what he makes of himself, that also will take him.
When the house is shut up, then it shall be unclean until the evening.
and the word of Yahweh came to Jeskel the priest, the son of Buzih, in the land of the Chaldeans, by the river Chebar; and there the hand of God was on him.
When evening had come, many people who had been possessed by demons came to him. He spoke a word to the demons, and cured all those who were sick.
They answered him, The Lord is very perplexed.
The firstborn is very angry, and doesn't go in. The father comes out to afflict him.
He set up a court round about, and set up the screen for the gate of the court.
He said, This is what Yahweh says: In every place you shall make a trench,
The man went away, and proclaimed what great things Jesus had done to him. Great fear came on all the people.
Then Jeroboam came forth out of Jerusalem: and Ahijah the prophet of the Shilonites met him by the way; and he was clothed with a new garment: and they two were two men in the field, and there was none else.
For thus says the Lord Yahweh: Because Moab and Seir have spoken, saying, Behold, there is nothing in the house of Judah, nor in all the nations;
Nadab and Abihu died in the wilderness of Sinai before Yahweh, when they offered a sacrifice of a burnt offering; neither were they sons nor daughters: and Eleazar and Ithamar did the priest's office before their father Aaron.
Blessed is he who believes in Yahweh, Who doesn't regard arrogance and lying vanities.
When there were no days, about one hundred twenty-four brothers, Peter stood up,
He departed there, and returned into his own city. His disciples followed him.
Now I know what to do. When the winter is over, then they will receive me into their house.'
What shall I do? I will pray in my spirit, and will speak in your truth. I will meditate in my Spirit, and I will perform in your spirit.
It happened at the end of forty years, that I went up with Barnabas to Jerusalem, and I took Titus with me.
You shall write them on the door posts of your house, and on your gates.
The archers ravage him with their arrows, And with their bows they persecute him.
So I drew near to him, and killed him; for I knew that until he was thrown down, he wouldn't live: and I took the crown of his head, and the ring of his hand, and brought it to my lord.
Remember his works which he has done, With which men praise him.
Immediately he began to preach Jesus in the synagogues, saying, He is the Son of God!
For as the snow that falls from heaven, and doesn't return, So they trample the earth, and make it a heaps, a sowing place for the seed, and a bread for the food.
I tell you, even so in heaven, there will be joy for one man in the midst of sinners, more joy than for the righteous who are without reproach.
Your body is like a palm tree, And your breasts like a heap of raisins.
Behold, the brothers are content to dwell together. They are the good of the sea, The pleasant of the skies.
The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ be with you. Amen.
You clothed me with skin and flesh, With bones and kin.
neither have we built houses to dwell in; neither have we planted vineyards, nor brought forth seed.
Behold, I am the God of Bethel, and there you have anointed the head, and vowed a vow to me: arise therefore, and depart from this place, and return to your own land.
The king of Israel said to Jehoshaphat, Didn't I tell you? He didn't prophesy good concerning me, but evil.
The land of the children of Ammon, and the land by the river Jabbok, and these cities of the hill country, which Yahweh our God has forbidden us to go, you shall not come near them.
Are you the firstborn? Or are you greater than the mountains?
They shall command, Prepare the city for battle. Arise, and let us go up in the middle of the night. Afterward they shall say, Alas! The lion has roared! The shadow of the evening has taken hold.
When he had spent two full years in his house, he was hospitable to all the afflicted.
But you shall fall into Sheol, To the uttermost parts of the pit.
He said, I will give you the land of Canaan for a possession of an inheritance.
I will leave the poor in the midst of you, And they shall take refuge in the name of Yahweh.
He saw in the temple, that some were selling oxen and sheep and mules, and some sitting and making money.
He came again to Jerusalem, he and his disciples. As he was walking in the temple, the chief priests and scribes and elders came to him,
It happened, when he had made an end of offering the burnt offering, that he said to the guard and to the captains of the army, Go in, and kill them; don't let one of them come out. They killed them with the edge of the sword; and they went to the city of Baal.
They shall know that I am Yahweh their God, who brought them out of the land of Egypt, that I might dwell among them: I am the God of them.
Now these are those who were numbered of the families of the sons of Merari according to their families, by their fathers' houses:
If the fire devours a threshing floor, or a heifer that is not cut down, or any field, then he who builds it shall be made restitution.
The dedicated things were six hundred bulls, and three thousand rams.
who didn't regard the other counsel nor the outcome; but he was a city of the Jews, a man who kept watch on the Kingdom of God.
The child grew, and weaned. Abraham made a great feast in the days of his weaning.
It shall happen, when the camp moves forward, that Aaron and his sons shall take up all the vessels of the sanctuary, and all the dedicated places, and bring them to light for the children of Kohath: but they shall not touch the holy things, that they not die; all the service of the Tent of Meeting shall be carried up for the Kohathites.
Elijah said to the captain of the guard, If I are God's servant, let a fire come down from heaven, and devour you and the fifty men; and there came down a fire from heaven and devoured him and his fifty men.
In the days in which he shall consecrate himself to be holy, he shall not put a head crown on his head; but in the day when he shall be consecrated to Yahweh, it shall be holy to him, and he shall let his hair grow long.
The spirit stood still, but I saw no form: and a likeness appeared before me, and I heard a voice, saying,
The children of Dan went their way. When he saw that they were stronger than he, he turned back to his house.
Then spoke our elders to the people who lived with us, saying, Take with you the food of the way in your hand to meet them, and tell them, We are your servants. Now make us a covenant.
As they were coming together, he charged them, saying, You shall not depart from Jerusalem, as I tell you, until you have heard the promise of the Father.
His servants shall minister to him. They shall see his face. His name shall be on their head.
Salt is good, but if the salt has lost its saltiness, how will you recover its strength?
Moses spoke this word to the children of Israel, saying, Yet they would not hear Moses for the sorrow of their hearts, and for the work which they labored to accomplish.
The widow went and told the man of God, and said, Elisha said, Go and buy that which remains of it, that you may live, you and your sons with you.
We clap our hands together for the day. We curse, and bless; We are persecuted, and we are distressed;
I saw the sea with fire and sulfur, and those who were over them, the honorable men, who had come forth from the beast, and the image of his image, and who changed their names; and they stood in the sea, and a God was given to every man's hand.
I am angry with the wicked men of your law, As a fire devours.
Jehoiada made a covenant with the people, and with the king, that they should be Yahweh's people.
Therefore all our boasting is with you in the assembly of God; for in the times of your oppression and of your distress you have shown perseverance and faith.
You shall remember his wondrous works, His signs, The ordinances of his mouth.
They brought all that they had taken, the captives, and the livestock.
I said moreover to the king, Let the king now, if it please him, present me to the governors beyond the River, that I may pass through to Judah;
Jonathan, the son of Saul, and Mephibosheth his son, were taken for king's stones; for David and Jonathan, Saul's son, had sworn by the name of Yahweh.
The king sent another horse, and he came to them, and said, Thus says the king, Is it peace? Jehu said, What have you to do with peace? turn behind me.
In that day the people came into the city as those who flee for their shame on the surface of the earth.
He went forth from the one end of the sky, and brought forth to the other end of it; and all that he possessed was his.
Now when they saw that you were no more with them in the disobedience of the flesh, they marveled, and blasphemed against you.
Peter turned around, and saw the disciple whom Jesus loved standing behind them, who was at the last hour, and said to him, Who is this, Lord, that is about to betray you?
When Jesus had said these things, he departed from Galilee into the land of Judea, which is by the Jordan.
The entrance was ten cubits; and the length of the one side was five cubits on this side, and the breadth of the other five cubit on that side: and he measured its length forty cubits, and its breadth twenty cubits.
I became a Jew through the work of the Jews, that I might gain the Jews to believe in the Lord, although I am not of the law. I became a lawgiver through the unbelief of many.
Jesus said to them, I am no longer with you. I will go my way to him who sent me.
so that I may reprove the house of Israel in the heart of themselves, because they all strive to be like me in their idols.
I will walk in the land of the living before Yahweh.
These are the portions which the priest shall take from the people: whoever offers an ox or sheep for sacrifice, he shall offer the thigh, and the two teeth, and give them to the priest.
I and all the people who I have with me will draw near to the city; and they will come up against us like a man at the first: then we will flee before them.
They cried aloud with a loud voice, and blew trumpets and thunders to Yahweh.
You shall not take vengeance, nor dishonor your people; but you shall love your neighbor as yourself. I am Yahweh.
Therefore let us draw near therefore to the throne of grace, that we may have mercy, and that grace may be our help in times of need.
They cried out, saying, Let him die! Let him be crucified! Pilate said to them, Do you want me to crucify your king? The chief priests answered, No, except Caesar, and we have no king. Therefore Pilate delivered Jesus into crucified.
Can a reed lift itself up, when it has no moisture? or can a reel of reeds lift themselves up?
Yahweh your God has multiplied you greatly: and behold, you are this day as the stars of the sky in multitude.
As the battle grew more and more fierce, the commanding officer feared that he might be torn in pieces; and he commanded the soldiers to go down, and took Paul out of the midst of them, and brought him into the camp.
Six days you may have enough, but on the seventh day is a Sabbath. On that day you shall have no need.
but that the world may know that I have affection for the Father, and do whatever is the Father's commandment. Arise, and let us go.
He put the law in the ark, and put the poles in the chest, and the mercy seat on the top of it.
But if you will not listen to our voice, then we will bring our sister.
I will turn my ear to the parable. I will bring forth my thoughts from the altar.
Babylon was the cup of gold that was in the hand of Yahweh, that made the whole land drink; and the nations drank of its wine: therefore the nations were perplexed.
For his iniquity is laid up in heaven. God remembers his ruined city.
Righteousness is his belt, And faithfulness his habitation.
Your two breasts are like one of those who eat the grass in the hen's blood, Which is twins with the roe.
Yahweh said to me, Take a great platter, and write on it a writing of justice for Mahsehazzar Hash Baz.'
Joseph called for his liver, and performed the perfumer's test on his father. The liver performed the test on Israel.
Yahweh said to Moses, Stretch out your hand over the land of Egypt, that the locusts may come up and possess the land, and eat all the herbs of it, which are blasted with hail.
I will speak against this people all their wickedness, that they have forsaken me, and have burned incense to other gods; and I will declare my judgments against them.
When I cry for help, He doesn't hear my prayer.
When he had found him, he said to him, All the people seek you.
For though I am absent from you, my heart remains with you, even as I have sinned in the name of the Lord Jesus,
They said to Aaron, Make us gods, and lead us; for Moses, who brought us up out of Egypt, doesn't know what has happened to us.'
Your ways are holy, God. Who is like you, Who has excelled yourself so greatly,
God said to Noah, This is the token of my covenant, which is between me and all flesh on the earth.
Don't let loving kindness and faith go away from you. They remain in your neck, and in your heart.
that all the people may turn to you; and the people shall be at peace, because the man of whom you seek has turned back as all the multitude:
They took all the women of the city, small and great, and didn't kill any of them, but only carried them away captive.
Outside of the assembly of the Jews, Greeks, and of God, you shall not be a burden to them.
Listen to the prayer of your servants, and of your people Israel, when they pray toward this place: hear from heaven, and hear from your dwelling place; and when you hear, forgive.
neither went up to Jerusalem to those who were before me apostles, but went into Syria, and afterward to Damascus.
Jonathan said to David, I will do you whatever your soul desires.
God magnified himself in his house.
He made the two doors of the house of olive wood; and on them were cherubim, palm trees, and flowers, of gold; and gold was beaten out on cherub and palm trees.
He will judge among the nations. He will fill every place with the dead body. In many nations he will strike the head of their enemies.
You shall bring Aaron, and his sons, and their garments, and an oxen, and one ram, and two unleavened cakes;
But if a woman praying or prophesying doesn't put off her head, but her own head, even her husband, the same is like the woman who is put away, and the head is taken away.
But we will praise Yahweh from this time forth and forevermore. Praise Yah!
You shall offer these with their drink offerings; besides the continual burnt offering, and the meal offering of it, you shall offer no blemish.
She sings before men, saying, I have sinned. I have turned aside from it. It is not good for me.
Consider this, you servants of God, and don't wait for me to tear you to pieces, and there will be no one to deliver you.
If a man sinning a sin worthy of death, and is killed, and you hang him on a tree;
Thus says he, The fourth animal shall be the fourth kingdom on the earth, and he shall have no dealings with all the kingdoms of it; and it shall spread abroad, and shall swallow it up and break it in pieces.
If your father doesn't see me, then you shall say, David earnestly seeks to get him to his city, Bethlehem; for he and his household shall sacrifice there.
Lord, how long will you look at it? Deliver my soul from their cares, My life from the winged lions.
But to another, behold, the commandment which I write to you is new. Yes, it is true to me to speak to you in Christ, for the darkness is gone, and the light is gone.
The Ninevehites will rise up with this generation in the judgment on the day of judgment, to condemn it; for they have heard the word of Jonah, and repented; and behold, someone greater than Jonah is here.
It happened on the next day, that they rose up early, and worshiped before Yahweh; and they returned to Ramah to his house: and Elknah was with Hannah, his wife; and God remembered Hannah.
Praise be to you, heavens! Rejoice, earth! Sing to the mountains, for Yahweh has comforted his people, And has compassion on those who are afflicted.
Yahweh said to him, Go up, go down, you shall rise up with Aaron; but the priests and the people shall not come near to Yahweh to the presence of the people, lest he come out and strike them suddenly.
There were also two robbers who were with him: one on the right hand, and one on his left.
After these two days Jesus departed from there into Galilee.
Why don't you take this ointment, and sell it for three hundred pieces of silver, and give it to the poor?
Will you yet be haughty toward my people, and won't let them go?
Then I came to Taberah, and lived by the captivity of those who were carried away beyond the river Chebar, to the place where they lived: and there I was seven days, and there was terror and astonishment.
For Jesus knew who it was who would betray him. Therefore he said, You are not all clean.
It happened, as Moses went down from Mount Sinai, that the two tables of the covenant were in his hand; and as he went down, his face shone with the light of God, and Moses himself didn't know it.
But that same man doesn't know that there is a deep sleep with him. His friends lie in wait in the deep of Sheol.
Even so, even as we have become an abomination in the sight of men, even so also the house of Artemis the great will be despised. The goddess of Asia and of the earth will fall from her honor.
When the Pharisees heard that he was more baptizing than John, they were more baptized than many.
If the Lord Yahweh didn't show to his servants the thoughts of his secret, they would have done nothing.
Yahweh often delivers them, but they rebelled against him in their schemes; for their iniquities are grown up.
Now Phinehas the son of Eleazar had ruled over them, and Yahweh was with him.
This was the pattern of every work: there were compasses on all four sides, and their compasses were in the four corners.
but you shall not eat its blood. It shall be poured out on the earth, and mixed with water.
Saul said, Yahweh bless you, for you have compassion on me.
He who has understanding says, We were afraid to part you, because God made you to ride on horses.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
As a lion roars with a loud voice, They will tear me apart.
He didn't lay his hand on the honorable of Israel. They saw God, and they ate and drank.
He who is perverse in heart is an abomination to Yahweh, But he who works blamelessly is his delight.
Yahweh spoke to Gad, David's seer, saying,
Let them praise Yahweh for his loving kindness, For his wonderful works to the children of men!
The third lot was for the children of Zebulun according to their families.
When they had come down, they blew the trumpet in the hill country of Ephraim; and the children of Israel went down after him from the mountain: and Ehud went before them.
I cry to you. Save me. I will keep your precepts.
This is the pattern of the ark: three hundred cubits long, and fifty cubits broad, and thirty cubits high.
Every bull, whether it is a son of man, or a daughter, shall do according to this ordinance.
Yahweh heard the voice of your words, and Yahweh said to me, I have heard the words of this people, which they have spoken to you; and all their words are good.
If he be with me, and kill me, then we will be your bondservants; but if I prevail against him, kill him, then you shall be our bond servants, and serve us.
This hope is not laid low, because God has poured out love into our hearts through his Spirit which he gave to us.
I have prayed to you, Yahweh. In the morning, my prayer will come before you.
Son of man, hear the word that I speak to you: don't be rebellious, as the rebellious house; open your mouth, eat that which I give you.
It happened, when the children of Israel were in the wilderness, that they found a man gathering wood on the Sabbath day.
Did God say to one angel, Sit at my right hand, Until I make your enemies under your feet?'
They come to violence. Their faces are set forward. They assemble the captives as the sand.
When he had come and worshiped at Jerusalem, he departed to go his way. He sat on the chariot reading Isaiah the prophet.
As for your remnant, I will cause them to be dismayed in the land of their enemies; and the sound of the rushing of the rivers shall pursue them; and they shall flee, as they flee from the sword; and none shall follow them: and he shall fall.
He did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh; he didn't depart from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, with which he made Israel to sin.
Now therefore, if you stretch out your hand on him, and touch all that he has, he shall utterly throw you off.
and have torn the kingdom from the house of David; but you were not like my servant David, who kept my commandments, and followed me, and did that which was right in my eyes.
You shall see the destruction of my house in the day that Yahweh gives glory to Israel; and there shall be no remnant in your house forever.
The king of Samaria shall perish, as the letter that is written on the surface of the waters.
There are two women in the lab, who say continually, Give me, give me. Of these there are four which are too many for a man to say:
He arose, and went to Zarephath. When he was at the gate of the city, behold, a widow was gathering wood in the land. He said to her, Please give me a little water to drink.
They shall keep all the vessels of the tent of meeting, and shall keep the charge of the children of Israel, for the service of the Tent of Meeting.
Amaziah returned from the slaughter of Edom, and took the gods of the sons of Seir, and made them his gods, and worshiped them, and burnt incense to them.
I applied my heart to know wisdom, to know madness and foolishness; and I knew that this also was a chasing after wind.
Or have you rejected us, God? Or have you not gone forth with our armies?
Micah said to him, From whence came you? He answered, I am a Levite out of Bethlehem Judah, to seek a place to dwell in.
Then stood Jeshua, and Bani, and Kadmiel, and Shebaiah, and Bunni, and Serebiah and Janin, and Chilion, on the brass of the Levites, and cried to Yahweh their God.
These are the words which Yahweh commanded Moses and the children of Israel in the land of Moab, besides the covenant that he made with them in Horeb.
The wine gushed out outside the city, and blood came out of the wine girded both its pitchers and its spoons, about three hundred gerahs.
Yahweh spoke to Joshua, saying,
He came with his disciples to a place called Gaius. He said to his disciples, Sit here until evening, and I will pray.
The king made almug trees for the house of Yahweh, and for the king's house, and harps for the singers: there was nothing like it seen in the land of Judah.
Zedekiah said to Jeremiah, Don't let anyone know these words, and you shall not die.
Send me forth your light and your truth. Bring me to your holy mountain, To your tent of meeting.
He has shown great power to his people. He has given them the inheritance of the nations.
In the third year of Cyrus king of Persia came a certain thing to Daniel, who was called Belteshazzar; and the thing was true, and concerning great war; and Daniel understood the thing, and understood the vision.
God will destroy you forever. He will take you, and thrust you out of your tent, And take you from the land of the living. Selah.
On the south side of Kelethim, on the border of Judah, and on the south of the land of Canaan, we burned Ziklag with fire.
You shall not speak of the conspiracy of this people, which they speak; neither shall you be afraid, nor be dismayed.
God is one who will not die, but remains in a light that is not seen. No one has seen him, neither will any see him. To him be the honor and the everlasting dominion. Amen.
I will cause the pestilence and the blood to enter into the streets of Sidon; and the manslayer shall lie in the midst of it with the sword round about him; and they shall know that I am Yahweh.
Those who hate Yahweh shall come and submit themselves to him; But they shall endure many stripes.
Hear my voice, God, when I cry. Let my soul not be afraid of the adversary.
When he had said this, they saw him standing alone. But the disciples held their peace, and told no one what they had seen.
gave his offering: one silver platter, the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekel, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering;
It is not the work of the priests to make the heaven and the earth, but as Moses made the tabernacle, when he was about to make it, saying, See that you do according to all that I tell you on the mountain.
Those who don't listen to this great prophet shall be cut off from their people.
Yahweh said to Moses, This thing that you have spoken, I will also do it; for you have found favor in my sight, and I have called you by my name.
But Jesus refused, and said to him, Go to your house, and find your relatives, and show them the Lord's mercy on you, and how you have done great things.
Set up for yourselves a way for yourself, and set up pillars for your pillars; set your face toward the great way, on which you go, and return; return, and be in your cities.
A merciful man works for his own soul, But a cruel man destroys his own flesh.
The men of his city, who lived in the city, the elders of the city and the princes, did according to the word of Jezebel, which she had written to them in their letters.
But if you know that it is written, I desire mercy, and not sacrifice,' you can't justify the innocent by this saying.
Who has declared this to us from the beginning? Or who has declared it from the beginnings, that we should say, He is not cut; but neither has he shown it, nor made it known, nor heard your words.
It happened, while he was in Bethany, in the house of Simon the leper, as he sat at the table,
When they were glad, they didn't believe, but while they were still praying, he said to them, What can you eat?
Give glory to Yahweh, And glory to God, all you tribes of the people.
He said to them, This is what Yahweh, the God of Israel, says: Return to him who sent you to me, saying,
I saw a poor widow cast down two small brass coins.
Yahweh said to me, Take again all the vessels of your foolish shepherds,
He has stretched out his hand against his companions, And rebelled against his covenant.
Joshua sent messengers from Jericho eastward, and drew near to Ai of Beth Aven, and said to them, Go and see the land. They went and saw the city.
For I desire to have knowledge of this word, but I am paralyzed with sleep.
Jesus answered them, Pray for this, and it will be done to you.
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up against him, and bound him with fetters, to bring him to Babylon.
It will happen in that day, says Yahweh, That I will gather the lame together, And gather those who are driven out, And the afflicted with whom I have afflicted.
how I know how to pass through a multitude of people, and how I can pass through the multitude of fowls, whether hungry or thirsty, whether rich or poor, all things are well with me.
I heard the voice of my heart. At the sound of the voice, my lips were made pure. My bones were decaying. I trembled in my place. I kept silence until the day of calamity came, Until the people who were in the land had come up.
It happened after some days, that Jesus came from Nazareth of Galilee, and was baptized by John at the Jordan.
The jailer awoke, and saw that the doors were opened, and that the prisoners were fled. He drew his sword, and killed them.
The word of Yahweh came to me in the eleventh year, in the first day of the month, saying,
I will fly far off, and will lodge in the wilderness. Selah.
He will save us from the adversary, From the hand of all those who hate us;
So Samuel brought near all the tribes of Israel; and he took the tribe of Benjamin:
The enemy will be destroyed, and the land will be desolate forever. You have destroyed their cities, and no man will remember them any more.
Have you seen how Ahab humble himself before me? for he humble himself in my sight: therefore I will not bring this plague on him in the days of his life, but in the day of his son shall I bring it on his house.
Why are we judged, Shishak? Why are we forsaken, the praise of the whole sky? why are Babylon become a desolation among the nations?
Plans were made in his right hand for the ark that was to go to Jerusalem: for the head of the lamb, and for the opening of his mouth, and to cry out with a loud voice, against the gate of the city, to raise up a mound against it.
Martha said to him, Lord, if you are here, our brother will not die.
The seventh angel sounded with a trumpet, and a great voice in heaven, saying, The Kingdom of our God and the Kingdom of his Christ will he reign over all generations.
Of the children of Dan, their generations, by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all who were able to go out to war;
The fields are disappointed, and hang down their heads; Because there is no rain, and the earth is pitiable.
It shall happen in the seventh year, on the tenth day of the month, that you shall blow the trumpet with a great shout; and you shall sound an alarm throughout all the land in the day of atonement.
Afterward the brook dried up, because there was no water in the land.
If you ask for understanding, If you cry for understanding with loud voice;
They chose new gods, and the battle came to the gate of their city: and Israel forty thousand men saw the shield and the spear.
Yahweh said to Gideon, I will save you with three hundred men who draw water, and will deliver the Midianites into your hand; and all the people shall return to their place.
So these two years they were fulfilled, that all who lived in Asia had heard the word of the Lord, both Jews and Greeks.
Elijah said to him, Return in peace, and let the God of Israel grant you that which you have asked of him.
When he saw that there was no man there, he struck the Egyptian, and killed him in the mountain.
Therefore, brothers, we are comforted through your faith in all adversity.
One of the multitude cried out, Teacher, come and see my son! He is my son's son!
to the glory of the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, which is to be glorified in you, and to you, in the grace of our God and of our lord Jesus Christ.
The hand of Yahweh will be on this mountain, and the Moabites will tread down the land in which they dwell, as the dry grass is treading down in the pool of dung.
Don't I command you? be strong, and don't be afraid, neither be dismayed; for Yahweh your God will be with you wherever you go.
Then Deborah and Barak the son of Abinoam sang that day:
Whoever touches any part of his body or of his flesh shall be unclean until the evening; and he who touches it shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be impure until the night.
Even though you didn't see him, you still believed in him, even though you had not seen him. You have spoken with words without blemish,
I will shoot three arrows at the rock. I will gird myself like a gazelle.
The five men of the land of Laish said to their brothers, Do you know that there is a priest in this house, and an engraved image and a molten image in that house? now consider, and see what shall be good?
I have seen a great evil under the sun, that he keeps his wealth for himself.
Out of his mouth proceed coals of fire, Fire out of cups.
He sent before them one man, whom Joseph could not go to be a bondservant.
Don't desire that night, When the people are consumed in their land.
and say, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: A great eagle, and a great owl, and the young raven, and ten young grasshoppers, and an osprey; and they shall fly to Lebanon, and take the ends of the cedar trees;
Now it is not Adam who is deceived, but the woman who is tempted by deceit to fall.
They said, We know him. He said to them, Is it well? They answered, It is well. Behold, Rachel, his daughter, she is shearing the sheep.
It will be a day of great anger, a time of distress, a day for destruction, a night of darkness, a Day of thick darkness,
Go up, go up to Gilead, and take frankincense; for with much provision you shall not be healed.
Destroyers shall come on every city, and none shall be moved; and the valley shall be wasted, and the lowland shall be destroyed, says Yahweh.
It happened at the end of three years, that the two servants of Shimei fled to Achish the son of Maacah king of Gath. They said to Shimei, Behold, your servant is in Gath!
For they are not lifted up from the east, nor from the west, Nor from the south.
David was faint, and said, Who will give me water to drink from the well of Bethlehem?
It happened at the end of forty years, that an angel appeared to Moses in the flame of a brazier in the wilderness of Sinai.
He was sixteen years old when he began to reign; and he reigned fifty-two years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Jehoiada of Jerusalem.
You shall offer an offering made by fire, of a burnt offering to Yahweh: two young bulls, one ram, seven male lambs a year old without blemish;
Or don't you know that your body is the body of Christ? Shall I then make his body a body of travail? Far from it.
At that time Mahanaim struck Topheth, and all who were therein, even all the towns of it, from Tirzah; for they didn't open the gate to it: therefore they struck him, and cast out all the women who were in the midst of them.
For in whatever place there are two who are gathered together in my name, I will be with them.
So they called the days of Purim by the name of Pul. They were called Purim because of all the words of the letter, and because of the things which their eyes saw in this, and in that which happened to them.
It happened in the eighteenth year of king Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, in the fifth month, and in the seventh day of the month, that Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard, who was of Babylon's guard, came to Jerusalem,
He took the twelve disciples, and said to them, Behold, now we are going up to Jerusalem, where it is written that all things concerning the Son of Man shall happen.
David was afraid of Yahweh that day, saying, How shall the ark of God come to me?
His bones are like brass, And his members like iron.
When Elisha the man of God heard that the king of Israel had torn his clothes, he sent to the king, saying, Why have you torn your clothes? cause him to come to me, that he may know that there is a prophet in Israel.
He destroyed the pillars, and cut down the Asherim, and filled the places with bones.
The birds of the sky, the fish of the sea, and all the living creatures that are in the sea have dominion over him.
From the days of John the Baptizer until now, the Kingdom of Heaven has been subdued, and the strong have taken their spoil with their power.
He went to Ophrah to his father's house, and killed the sons of Jerubbaal, seventy men his brothers, on one stone; but Jotham his youngest son was left, because he had hid himself.
The spirit of the holy will give knowledge, But a loud tongue will speak and understand.
even as God has revealed the prophets, that their service is not for themselves, but for you, through the Spirit who was sent from heaven, and through the angel of the Good News. These things are known to the angels, and they wait to know them.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
I have not gotten money or clothing from anyone;
The glory of Yahweh mounted up from the city, and lived on the mountain eastward;
The mouth of the righteous stirs up many; But the foolish die by reason of ignorance.
The women said to Naomi, Blessed be Yahweh, who this day has not forsaken you, that you should not be defiled: and now may this child have a name in Israel.
Their heart is like oil, But I love your law.
God will not be turned from his anger. He will cast down Lazarus under his wings.
As a valley that is scattered, As the garden that is by the river, As a cedar that Yahweh knows, As an oaks that are by the waters.
He came again, and found them sleeping, for their eyes were heavy. They didn't know how to answer him.
The light was in the darkness, but the darkness didn't receive the light.
Therefore I exhort you in the name of the Lord, not to follow after the manner of the Gentiles in vain, in vanity and in bitterness,
Out of the tribe of Dan, Jearim with its suburbs, and Gibbethon with the suburbs of it,
Jesus stood still, and called to him, and fetched him. When he was come, Jesus asked him,
For you say, Where is king's house?' Where is the house of the wicked in the day of his visitation?
A quarrel breaks out over a herd of oxen, And a sore nose stirs up strife.
The fatherless also, and the foreigner, who is of the Gentiles, were in the midst of you.
Moses said to Yahweh, Therefore the Egyptians shall hear, because you have brought up this people out of the midst of them by your power.
Now Ishmael his son was twelve years old when he was circumcised in Israel.
When they heard that Jesus was raised, they also showed Mary, and she didn't believe them.
His glory among the nations. His wondrous works among the peoples.
Then Uzziah took the censer in his hand to burn incense; and as he was angry with the priests, he began to leprous before the altar of the house of Yahweh, and his forehead was covered with leprosy.
She poured ashes on her head, and tore the purple garments that she had put on, and walked with her hands on her shoulders, and cried out as she went.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
You shall not touch it with your hand, but shall stone it with stones, or shoot it at it; neither shall any man or animal touch it, until it be so that when the trumpet thunders, they shall come to the ground.
In the twenty-first year of Jeroboam king of Israel began Asa to reign over Judah.
He set him on the high places of the earth, to eat the fruit of the field; and he gave him honey from the rock, and oil from the fire;
The master of the house said to his servant, Go into the way, and turn aside to the side of the road, that no one may enter in, that my house may be filled.
Blessed is he who is broken for sin, For God will comfort him.
For I will pray for you, and for the house of Yahweh our God, because of the might of it.
For if any good work is done, he will have a good name, and will be able to speak in the word of Christ Jesus.
They have ears, but they can't hear; And a nose, but can't see.
It happened, when they were come into Samaria, that Elisha said, Please open the eyes of the men, Yahweh, that they may see; and they opened their eyes, and they saw, and were not struck; for it was in the city of Samaria.
Absalom fled. The young men of the watchman lifted up his eyes, and looked, and behold, many people were come after him by the way of the mountain.
Behold, I will make you a new vessel of grain, and it shall be old; and you shall beat the mountains to the teeth, and make the hills like chaff.
The table for the service of burnt offering was four tables of stone, square in length, and a cubit and a half in breadth: and the burnt offering and all the instruments of it were laid on them.
Now the law of the children of Israel was of the priests of the Levites, but if by this it is possible for a man to be found out, let there not be another priest appointed besides the priest whom Melchizedek has appointed, whom Aaron has not appointed.
Jesus sat opposite the treasury of the treasury, and saw all the people cast lots, and many rich people casting lots.
There shall be no inhabitant therein forever, neither shall there ever be any inhabitant: the Arabians shall not pitch their tents, nor let the shepherds cause their flocks to lie down there.
You shall not make a ransom for the soul of the manslayer who dies of blood: he shall surely be put to death.
I have been strong for the house of my God. I have prepared gold for the gold, and silver for the silver, and brass for the vessels, and iron for the iron, and timber for the wood, and precious stones for the light, and for the stones of the field, and of all kinds of stones.
Ahaziah was forty-two years old when he began to reign; and he reigned one year in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Athaliah the daughter of Omri.
He said to them, Behold, the fear of Yahweh is wisdom. To depart from evil is understanding.
a wind storm, that doesn't know how to rain, and a tempest, mixed with the mire of the burnt offering;
He spoke of the bramble, and of the cedars of Lebanon, to the heaps of hewn stone that were on the wall, and concerning the animals, the birds, the creeping things, and the watercourses.
The wise seek knowledge with all their heart, But the mouth of fools delight in folly.
He bestowed on the king a hundred talents of gold, and a great array of spices, and precious stones. He brought no more as the king of Sheba had bestowed on Solomon.
If your brother is poor, and lives with you, and sells himself to you, you shall not make him serve you as a servant.
You shall not carry gold, silver, or brass in your waistbands.
Yahweh's work is great. All those who love him will delight themselves in his works.
So you will be our pride and our praise in the day of our Lord Jesus Christ.
When Joab saw that the battle was before him, he chose out of all the army of Israel, and put them in array against the Syrians.
All the surrounding people begged him to depart from them, for they were afraid. He got into his boat, and departed.
I spoke also to the priests and to all the people of the land, saying, Thus says Yahweh, Don't listen to the prophets who prophesy to you; and they say, Behold, the vessels of the house of God shall not yet depart out of Babylon; but they prophesy a lie to you.
I, Yahweh, adjure you in righteousness, to take your hand, and to keep you, that you may be a sign of the covenant of the people, and a light to the Gentiles;
Now I tell you, don't take these men, and let them go; for if their counsel and their doings are of men, they will be destroyed;
The wicked man who departs from before the king shall be established in righteousness.
You shall fear Yahweh your God, and you shall serve him, and be in his council, and swear in his name.
If I am shut up for fear of the multitude, Because of the reproach of the fathers, That I should not be afraid to go out;
For we don't have the right to receive an inheritance, or to keep a custom.
It happened on the next day, that the Philistines came to take the slain men; and they found Saul and his three sons fallen on Mount Gilboa.
The robe he was clothed with was white and crimson. His name was the Way of God.
Then appeared the sign on the hand of the man who had the sudden stroke, and wrote it on the king's breastplate, and on the tablet of the lampstand; and when the king saw that it was written,
You shall remember that you were a bondservant in the land of Egypt: therefore I command you that you do this.
It shall happen, if you shall listen to the voice of Yahweh your God, that all these blessings shall come on you, and overtake you:
that you may be revealed in him the love that is in you, in the knowledge of him who has been perfect in knowledge.
On this side was the face of a man toward the palm tree; and on that side were the faces of a lion toward the trees: thus was it in the house round about.
It shall happen, when your people go out to battle against their enemies by the way which you shall send them, and they pray to you toward this city which you have chosen, and toward the house which I have built for your name,
The Jews were looking for him in the feast, and they asked him, Where is he?
But let our Lord's exhortation be a salvation, which Paul our beloved spoke in the wisdom of God, in writing to you in the days of our Lord.
He made ten bases of brass: their poles, their spoons, and their sockets were of one piece.
Yahweh will reign over all the earth. Yahweh is one day, and his name is one.
He is not the God of the dead, but of the living, for everyone lives for the Lord.
Leah conceived, and bore a son, and named him Reuben; for he said, Yahweh has seen my affliction. Now my husband loves me.
Many of my brothers, because of my cross, believed in the Lord more fully, and spoke boldly without fear.
For they have devised devices against you, But they shall not prevail.
The offering is for a wayfaring man, To bring him before the mighty man.
I will offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving to you. I will call on the name of Yahweh.
But put your trust in strong faith, for you know that all the brothers who are in all the earth are in the same affliction.
All the elders of Israel came to the king to Hebron; and David made a covenant with them in Hebron before Yahweh: and they anointed David king over Israel, as Yahwehi had spoken by Samuel.
When you see Nahash king of the children of Ammon come against you, then he says to me, No; but we have a king over us. As Yahweh your God is your King.
Most assuredly I tell you, there was a famine in Israel in the days of Elijah three and half years, and great famines throughout all the land.
Joseph brought in Jacob his father, and stood before Pharaoh. He blessed Pharaoh.
He who blesses you, I will bless him; and he who curses you, he will be unpunished: and all the families of the earth shall be blessed in you.
If you eat, and if you drink, aren't you eating, and you drink?
then your heart shall be turned, and you shall humble yourself before Yahweh; for when you heard the words which he spoke against this place, and against the inhabitants of it, then you did humble yourselves before me; and you tore your clothes, and wept before me, and I heard your words: I have heard them.
So you testify to yourselves that you were the seed of those who killed the prophets.
You have gnashed on my feet with your feet. You have marked all my ways. Your feet have marked out my steps.
When they had entered into the city, they began to raise up a loud voice from the upper chamber where they were staying: and there were Peter, John, James, Andrew, Philip, Thomas, Bartholomew, Maasai, and Simon, the son of Alphaeus, and Judas, son of Jacob.
I will praise you on the altar, And praise your faithfulness, O Holy One of Israel.
They said therefore to him, You are the disciples of the man, and we are Moses' disciples.
He said, bless me. Behold, you have set me in the land of the South. Give me springs of water. He gave him the upper springs and the lower springs.
Sarah was afraid, and denied it, and said, I have no laugh. He said, There is no laugh, but you do laugh.
The children of Benjamin returned at that time; and the children of Israel gave to them the daughters of Jabesh Gilead, which he had left to live.
As a prisoner of the Lord, I beg you to stand firm in the calling of God.
Jehoshaphat the son of Asa reigned in his place, and strengthened himself against Israel.
who confesses this, but not by the Spirit of God, but by the adversaries of Christ, who have heard that it is coming, and that it has now come into the world.
Jesus touched his hand, and immediately the fever left him, and he rose up and waited for him.
Like the head of a dead animal, so is the body of the beast. His body was healed, and all the multitudes were filled with wonder, and they went after that beast.
He built the court of the priests, the great court, and the gate of the court; and he overlaid the gates with brass.
The waters prevailed on the earth forty days: and the waters prevailed, so that the ark floated on the surface of the earth.
If you seek after money as diligently as you seek silver, Or if you search after hidden treasures as you search for gold,
then the elders of his city shall call him, and speak to him, if he rashly says, I will not take him;
When they had been baptized, he was also baptized. As he prayed, the heavens opened,
Ain with its suburbs, and Uthath and its suburbs; Beth Shemesh with its towns; and the nine cities, out of the two tribes.
They were led away, and laid with him, both dead and alive.
He who does evil will be called a man of iniquity.
Laban and Bethuel answered, It is of Yahweh; we can't speak either good or bad to you.
I am not a living me, but Christ lives in me. I am living the Son of God, and he loves me, because of the loss of my life.
The whole congregation of the Philistines were thirty-three thousand seven hundred fifty,
Jehoash king of Israel took Amaziah king of Judah, the son of Jehoash son of Ahaziah, in Beth Shemesh, and brought him to Jerusalem; and he broke down the walls of Jerusalem from the gate of Ephraim to the corner gate, four hundred cubits.
Doesn't the king say, The son of David is born out of Bethlehem of David?'
You shall destroy all the nations which Yahweh has destroyed before you; and you shall be destroyed; because you have not listened to the voice of YahweH your God.
Rejoice always in the Lord. Again, I say this, rejoice.
For if a tree is cut down, yet has hope and a root, and the two branches shall not be severed.
Who saves others, and can't save himself? King over Israel! Let him come down from the cross, and we will believe.
Every bed whereon he lies shall be unclean, and every place whereon his lie shall be clean.
It happened at the end of the year, when the kings went out, that David sent Joab, and his servants, and all Israel; and they struck the children of Ammon, and turned against Rabbah: and David remained in Jerusalem.
Hezekiah turned his face toward the wall, and prayed to Yahweh, and said,
When I come to you, don't pull me away from you, for I will not pull myself away from them, who walk in the ways of sensual things.
We roar like a bear, we call like a turtledove. We hope for justice, but there is none. For salvation, but it is far from us.
Grace to you and peace from God the Father and Jesus Christ, the Son of the Father; that our life may be full of truth and love.
I adjure you, daughters of Jerusalem, By the roes and by the hinds of the field, That you not stir up, nor awaken love, Until it so desires.
All the silver that was found in the house of Yahweh was poured out, and delivered into the hand of the taskmasters and the laborers.
He went out again in the morning, and behold, a man in glory stood by the entrance of the highway.
For the king's ships were with the servants of Huram in Tarshish, bringing gold, and silver, and ivory, and apes, and peacocks, twice in the three years.
When Joshua was dead, the children of Israel said to Yahweh, Who shall go up first to battle against the Canaanites who fight against us?
Now there was a man in Lystra who sat down by himself for a while, but from birth he was lame, and could not walk.
He broke down the tower of Penuel, and killed the men of the city.
I will tell him the number of my steps. I will come to him like a king.
in that they conspired against you in deceit, in the matter of Beor, and in the question of her sister, the daughter of the princes of Midian, with deceitful counsel; for in the day of the pestilence was he found guilty; for the matter concerning Beor was laid to death.
After he was crucified, many testified about him that he was still alive. In the midst of the forty days he appeared to the apostles, and spoke to them concerning the Kingdom of God.
If the ear said, I am not blind; therefore I am therefore not part of the body. Therefore the ear wouldn't be part of its body.
He came near and gave them bread, and likewise to the fish.
Jehoram said, Put forth your chariot; and he put forth his chariot: and Jehoram king of Israel and Ahaziah king of Judah went out, everyone in his own chariot, to take Jehu, and found him in the field of Naboth the Jezreelite.
They also cast out many demons, and anointed many with oil, and healed them.
He marvels at his riches more than Egypt's riches, For he looks for the next reward.
For I have determined to make no mention of the rest, except in the matter of Jesus Christ, who was crucified with you,
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Will your heart be willing in the day that I visit you? will your hand be strong? Yahweh spoke this word, and it was done.
She had two wives. The name of the one was Hannah, and the name of it was Peninnah. She had sons, but Hannah had no daughters.
He said to the Benjamites, Go, hide yourselves among the vineyards,
Adonijah said to him, You are a stiff-necked man, but you shall surely bring forth good news.
They meet every day in the temple with one mind, and each one of them prepares bread for the Holy Spirit. They eat and drink with joy in the spirit of truth, and praise God.
They answered him, Our fathers were Abraham. Jesus said to them, If you were Abraham's seed, you would have done Abraham's work.
I tell you that a camel is more desirable than a rich man to enter into the Kingdom of Heaven.
If you take the meal offering of the furnace to be a meal offering, you shall prepare unleavened cakes of fine flour mixed with oil, and unleavening wafers of anointed with oil.
He sent also the young men of Israel to offer burnt offerings, and to offer peace offerings to Yahweh.
She went straight on the way to Beth Shemesh; and she went on by the way, and went softly, and didn't turn aside to the right hand nor to the left: and the lords of the Philistines followed after her, to the border of Beth Hemesh.
When Adoni-Zedek king of Jerusalem heard that Joshua had taken Ai, and that he had utterly destroyed it, and had dealt with Ai and with its king, as he had dealt also with Jericho and with her king, and heard that the inhabitants of Gibeon had made peace with the children of Israel, and lived therein,
The land of Egypt is before you; that your father and your brothers may dwell in the best of the land, in the land of Goshen; and if you know that among them are some of them, then you shall give them charge over my livestock.
Remember them, my God, for they have defiled the priesthood, and have broken the covenant of the priests the Levites.
You will be hated by all men for my sake.
I will set apart my people from your people, and this sign shall be seen tomorrow.'
You shall fast your tongue, and shall speak no evil; you shall fasten your lips, and speak no deceit.
It shall be, that the sons of Levi, who bear the charge of the priests, though they are Abraham's seed, and all the children of Israel are brothers, they shall be commanded to take one tenth of the tithe, which they received from the people.
Then Judah was his sanctuary, Israel his kingdom.
Jesus saw the two boats on the sea, and the fishermen were going from boat to boat.
Into any city, or into any incense offering, shall you inquire among yourselves who is willing to accept you, and shall sojourn there until you depart.
Now therefore, Yahweh my God, remember the prayer and the supplication of your servant, and listen to the cry which your servant makes before you this day.
Give glory and strength to Yahweh, And strength to God's son.
For you have not bought me horses for money, neither have you filled me with the fat of your sacrifice; but you have caused me to labor in your iniquity, and I to be weary in your sin.
Judah the son of Jacob, and Judas Iscariot, who betrayed him,
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, everyone who entered into the service, for work in the Tent of Meeting.
and I will establish him forever in my house, in my kingdom; and his throne shall be established forever.
While he was still sowing, some fell by the road; and the bird came, and devoured it.
Yahweh said to Joshua, Don't be afraid of them; for I have delivered them into your hand; and they shall not stand before you any more.
All the flocks and the herds, The animals of the field,
Son of man, prophesy concerning it, and tell Gog, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: Don't you know, O my people Israel, in the day of solemn rest?
From the river Euphrates to the land of the Philistines, and to all the kingdoms of Egypt, did Solomon rule over them. They came near to Solomon all the days of his life.
The beatings of a friend are pleasant, But the kiss of an enemy is long.
The gods will be destroyed together.
He said to them, What are you arguing with them?
Don't forsake me, Yahweh. Don't be far from me, my God.
Jesus answered them, Don't you think? You don't know the Scriptures, nor the power of God.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: In the first month, on the first day of the month, take bulls without blemish, and cleanse the sanctuary.
Then Zedekiah the king commanded to shut up Jeremiah in the court of the guard, and to bring him a handful of the shekel from the house of the bread keepers day by day, until there be no shekel in the city. So Jeremiah remained in the courts of the guernacle.
The king said to his people, Behold, these people, even they, the children of Israel, are more mighty than we.
Then they emptied their sacks, so that no man's money was in their sacks; and when they and their fathers saw the money, they were dismayed.
For through your service, not only did you fulfill the need of the saints, but also multiplied the thanksgiving of God to many.
Into one house you shall go, and dwell there; and from there you shall travel.
We are holy. He who knows God listens to us, and he who doesn't know God doesn't listen to us. So we will discern between the Spirit of truth and the spirit of falsehood.
He let them go, because they were put to death for fear of death.
Let the king plead the cause of the afflicted, and deliver the poor, and shut up the oppressor.
He shall take a little of the increase of it, and lay it down on the ground, and shall not raise it up:
For you have revealed your servant, Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel, and said, I will build you a house: therefore your servant has done valiantly in this prayer to you.
Thus shall you tell them: All the gods who didn't make heaven and earth will perish from the earth and from under the sky.'
But Jesus was lying in the boat, and he was asleep. The disciples awoke him, and said to him, Teacher, do you not marvel that we are dying?
The child drew near in his belly, and she said, Why then has this happened to me? Then she went to inquire of Yahweh.
The elders of Jabesh said to him, Please let us go seven days, that we may send into all the borders of Israel; and if there is none to save us, then we will come out to you.
being charged us to forsake the natural function and the lust of the flesh, to walk in the purity of righteousness and the godliness of godliness,
Better is to have wise men than to have weak men; To have understanding than to understand justice.
Why are the house of God and the idols set apart? We are the temple of the living God. As God says, I will dwell with my people, and will walk among them; and I will be their God, and they will be my people.
They are healthful, yes, they are well-pleasing; They go down to Sheol in a moment.
Not for men only, but also for those who believe in me for the word which I have preached to them,
You shall not lie to one another; for you have put away your tradition and your works,
Jesus, knowing it, said to them, Why do you seek this woman? She has done a good work for me.
The wing of the cherub was five cubits; and it extended to the side of the house on the other side: and the wing of that cherub belonged to the other wing.
In everything, let no enemy make you afraid, so that you may be found justified in all things. This is the righteousness of God.
Then I said, My strength fails me. There is no hope for me in Yahweh.
David said to him, Who are you? From whence came you? He said, I am a young man of Egypt, a servant of the Amalekites; for three days have I been sick, and my master has forsaken me.
The Levites shall speak a great speech to all Israel, saying,
He lived at Jerusalem, and built cities in the land of Judah.
Reuben answered them, Didn't I tell you, Don't spoil the boy?' But you didn't listen. Therefore the iniquity of his blood is now on us.
Joseph's brothers, seeing that their father was dead, said, Could Joseph hate us, and bring on us all the evil that he has done to us, which he did to us before.
They found widows, and there was none to make them bake bread, or to comfort them because of the dead. They died, and no one made them drink the cup of comfort.
Behold, before him was a certain captain of the guard.
He stood and cried to all the army of Israel, and said to them, What are you about to do, go forth to the battle? Am I not a Philistine, and you aren't Saul's servant? choose one of you, and bring him down to me.
Many years shall a man live, and he shall rejoice in many years; but he shall consider the days of darkness, for they shall be many. Things that will come shall be vanity.
Son of man, why do you say in this parable, The days are not fulfilled, nor the visions fulfilled?
I will make him desolate, and he shall not be gathered, neither shall he lift up his head: he shall cast up briers and thorns; and I will command that no rain should fall on him.
who has given us the grace of riches, and has endowed us with all understanding,
Aaron was one hundred twenty-three years old when he died on Mount Hor.
God said, Let the expanse that is on the heavens be a bare expanse, and let it be for a sign and for a wonder, for a holy convocation, a time, and a year,
If a man have two wives, one to love, and one to hate, and they bore him sons, but the firstborn is the wife of hate.
The sons of Asaph who were singers stood in their place, according to the commandment of David, Asaph, Heman, and Jeduthun, the king's seer, the keepers of all the doors of the thresholds: they shall not depart from their work; for the Levites have provided for them.
David said to the people who were with him, Strike now every man his sword; and they struck, and David struck. There were about four hundred men who went up with David, and two hundred keeping tithes.
As they go, I will spread my net over them; and I will make it shake like a bird in the sky. I will deal with them according to the hearing of all their assembly.
But Zerubbabel and Jeshua, and the great men of the house of Israel, spoke to them, saying, Don't you want us to build our God's house? for we ourselves will build it for Yahweh, the God of Israel; as Cyrus king of Persia commanded us.
Moreover the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
On the seventh day wash your clothes, and you shall be clean; then you shall go into the camp.
Jehoiada the priest took a chest, and put it in the ark of the testimony, and set it by the side of the altar on the right hand of the house of Yahweh: and the priests of the porters put the money that was brought into the temple into the chest.
My face is darkened because of my tears; The shadow of death is on my eyes.
The priest shall offer the sin offering, and the man who desires to be cleansed shall make atonement for him concerning his uncleanness, and shall kill the burnt offering.
If they were given to my Father in heaven, it would be more tolerable for no one to snatch them out of his hand.
In the days of the house of God which was in Shiloh, the Danites made engraved images for themselves, which Micah had made.
The child grew, and went out to his father, and to the reapers.
Jerusalem, Jerusalem, you have killed the prophets, and have stoned the angels whom God has sent to you. I would have gathered your children together, as a hen gathers her young children in her sheifer, but you would not.
Some of the Sadducees, who didn't believe that they would die, came to him.
Yahweh said to Moses, Throw down before Yahweh all the heads of the fathers' houses of the people, first, and last day, that the fierce anger of God may be turned away from Israel.
But they scoffed at the angel of God, They despised his words, They rejected his prophets, until the anger of Yahweh was kindled against his people, and there was no healing.
even those who were numbered of them by their families, and by their fathers' houses, were two thousand six hundred thirty-one.
The man said to him, What is the commandment? Jesus answered, You shall not murder, nor commit adultery, nor steal, nor give false testimony;
Jesus answered them, Didn't I choose you twelve? One of you is a devil.
It is good that some men should die for the righteous; Or that some should perish for the good.
I will open my mouth with parables. I will speak out of the mouth of old,
Bring to me your fathers, and your households, and I will give you the good of the land of Egypt, and you shall eat the fish of the sea.
They turned again to the foreigner who was beyond the gate: from little to great, eye to eye, they saw no one; and they sought to the stronghold, but there was no gate.
Jacob said to him, My lord knows that the children are weak, and that the herds are also weak; for in one day the whole flock will die.
You shall labor in vain, because your land doesn't yield its increase, neither does the tree of its fruit yield its fruit.
Rejoice in Jerusalem, all you who love it. Rejoice in her. Be joyful in her mournings.
then the elders of the congregation shall lay their hands on the head of the bull, and kill it before Yahweh.
All nations shall call you blessed, says Yahweh of Armies; for your land shall be a pleasant land.
It happened in the days of Jehoiakim that Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up; and Jehoahim served him three years, and rebelled against him.
Moreover the children of the stranger who lives as a foreigner among you, and their household who lives with you in your land, you shall buy of them, and they shall be your inheritance.
He commanded us to preach the Good News to all, and testified that he was a judge of both the living and the dead.
and the whole house of Joseph, and his brothers, and the house of his father, only their little ones, and their flocks and their herds, were left in the land of Goshen.
You know him, but I know him. If I say, I don't know him,' then I am a liar with you. But I knew him, and have kept his word.
As we increased in your love toward one another, let the Lord also increase in the love of those who love one another day and night.
When they had made an end of arguing, Paul called his disciples, and spoke to them. Having talked with them, he arose and departed to Macedonia.
Jehoshaphat slept with his fathers; he and his fathers were buried in the city of David: and Jehoram his son reigned in his place.
The anger of Yahweh was kindled against Israel, and he sold them into the hand of the Philistines, and into the hands of the children of Ammon.
A woman without cause goes astray, And her handmaids take her away.
They killed the widow and the foreigner, And killed the fatherless and the motherless.
Joab the son of Zeruiah came out, and the servants of David; and they were met by the pool of Gibeon: and they sat down, one on this side, and another on that side, in the pool.
They poured out of the bag silver and gold, and weighed it in the balances of the earth, and hired the money changers to make it: and they fell on it, and worshiped it.
He rebuked all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and slave, he gave them a sign on their right hand or on their left.
Then his disciples said to him, Come, Rabbi, eat.
He shall take off Aaron's garments, and put them on Eleazar his son; and Aaron shall die there, and go to his own house.
The voice came again to him the second time, saying, You shall not defile the man whom God has made clean.
For I swallow up my food with sighing. I cry out like a flood.
The angel shall cast him down to the lowest pit, and shall shut him up; and he shall cause the wind to blow softly, that he may not deceive the nations to a thousand years; and after that he shall be released a little while.
Lift up your heart, and don't tear your clothes; return to Yahweh your God; for he is merciful, and gracious, and slow to anger, full of goodness, and repent of his calamity.
Yahweh said, I alone treads out wine. There is not a man among all the people who is not with me: I tread them down in my anger, and in my wrath have I trodden them down: their blood is on my garments, and I have made all my garments unclean.
Hurry to come to me.
But let his son be firstborn to his wife, and let all his inheritance be divided; for that is the beginning of his strength, and the name of his firstborn is his name.
You shall not lie with her in any animal, to defile yourself; neither shall a woman stand before the animal to lie with it: it is holy.
whether in heaven, or on earth, or in anything under the sky, or under the earth, that we may not cut off the love of God which is in Christ Jesus our Lord;
The good head and the bad tail together. The spirit is more than the heart.
Balak did according to the word of Balaam: and Balak and Balaaman sacrificed one bull and one ram in every altar.
The children of Israel again did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh; and God made Eglon king of Moab to be strong against Israel, because they had done that which God saw as evil.
the tent of meeting, its poles, its arches, its boards, its bars, its pillars, its sockets,
The Lamb went forward, and took the book from the right hand of him who sat on the throne.
saying, You, Christ, are a prophet! Who struck you?
Yahweh said to Moses, I will bring yet another evil on Pharaoh, and on Egypt; and he will let you go out. When he lets you go, he will drive you out from here.
Then I took the iniquity of your sin, the calf which you have made, and burned it with fire, and seasoned it with salt, and with oil as the dust; and I put the dust of it on the brook that is down from the mountain.
As I delight, let the Lord give me good serpents to eat, that I may bless you before I die.
My son, give me your heart. Let your eyes delight in my ways.
Brothers, don't let one another speak evil. When one speaks evil of a brother, or when one speaks wickedness against his brother, he speaks evil against the law. If you speak wickedness, you aren't a man of law, but of law.
They cried out, saying, We see that this man has deceived our people, and has withheld justice for the more, and called Christ, and king,
He reigned forty years in Jerusalem: and his name was Maacah the daughter of Absalom.
These are the words of Jeremiah the son of Hilkiah, priest of Benjamin in the city of Anathoth:
David ran, and fled to Ramah, and came to Samuel, and told him all that Saul had done to him: and he and Samuel went to Naioth.
There are some friends who, when they have many friends, are consumed by themselves. One friend is like a brother to another.
Have the workers of iniquity no knowledge? They swallow up my people like they eat bread. They don't call on God.
David sent messengers to the men of Jabesh Gilead, and said to them, Blessed be Yahweh, who has dealt kindly and truly with Saul your master, and buried him.
He blessed Abram, and said, May the Lord of heaven and the Most High bless Abram.
Their eyes desire to see the evil. They commit iniquity, and don't cease. They lie to a man in whom there is no strength. Their heart is set on covetousness. They deserve to be cursed.
So we know and believe that God loves us. God is love; and the love of the life is in him, and in God is God.
Is it lawful for you to carry the four ends of the earth on your shoulders, to drive the wicked out?
When he had prayed, he rose up, and went to the apostles. When he saw them, they were faint with hunger.
The watchman said, I saw first, as did Ahimaaz the son of Zadok. The king said, He is a good man, and brings good news.
Now the acts of Asa, first and last, behold, they are written in the book of the kings of Judah and Israel.
It will come to pass in that day, says Yahweh, will I not cut off the wise from Edom, And the prudent from the mountains of Esau?
In the day of my distress I seek the Lord. In the night I lift up my hands, and don't pray. My soul refuses to be comforted.
Yahweh has repaid me according to my righteousness. According to the cleanness of my hands he has rewarded me.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Then Joshua called for the Reubenites, and the Gadites and the half-tribe of Manasseh;
He took also the Levites, who were holy to Yahweh, and taught the children of Israel, saying, You shall put no holy ark in the house of Solomon the son of David king of Israel; neither shall you bear it on the shoulder: but you shall serve the holy covenant, and the people Israel.
One by one they spoke to the other, saying, I have bought a field. I must go and see it. Please understand.
I will stretch out my hand on Judah and on all the inhabitants of Jerusalem; and I will cut off from the land Baal's remnant, the name of Malchijah, and the priests.
Thus shall your light go forth as the morning light, and your wound shall be healed quickly; and your righteousness shall walk before you; and the glory of Yahweh shall be on you above.
your children shall be circumcised in the wilderness forty years, and bear the iniquity of your prostitution, until your dead bodies be consumed in the desert.
When I was in the world, I was the light of the world.
The work of the wicked is determined. His eyes don't see justice. He despises all his enemies.
Not that we ourselves have been wont to do such things, but we have been taught that we are of God.
The children of Dan, six hundred armed, stood at the door of the gate.
But there are certain Jews who have come out of Asia. If they tell me, they ought to tell it before you.
For the children of Israel and the Levites shall offer them sacrifices of grain, new wine and oil, and bring them into the storage house that is brought into the holy place, into the chamber of the priests who bear the priests' burden, and the porters, and those who keep the songs. So we will not leave the house of our God.
The five men who searched the land went in, and took the engraved images, the priests' garments, the images of the house, and the molten images: and the priests and six hundred men of the army stood at the door of the gate.
Thus says Yahweh: Am I a near God, and not a far God?
Josiah was eight years old when he began to reign; and he reigned thirty-one years in Jerusalem.
My bride, your lips shall be like a honeycomb, and your tongue shall have milk in your mouth; and the fragrance of your garments like the perfume of Lebanon.
It shall be, when harvest comes, that you shall give to Pharaoh a fifth part of the money, that it may be for the seed of the field, for your houses, and for the food of your little ones.
Shushan had a man of Judah by name, Mordecai the son of Jair, the son-in-law of Shimei, the Benjamite.
A sword will come on Egypt. When the slain of Egypt fall, the Ethiopians will be in anguish. They will lead their people captive, And will tear down their foundations.
Pour out your wrath on the nations that don't know you, On the nations which don't call on your name.
King Solomon appointed men to the house of Israel; and the appointed men were three hundred thousand.
If it isn't a dispute between two or three witnesses, then you shall not be accused.
The deep says, It isn't here; The great sea, it isn't with me.
The fish of the river shall die, and the waters shall be filled with bitterness; and the Egyptians shall abhor the waters of the River.
The Lord has commanded, And has exalted the woman who has good news.
Aaron shall lay his hands on the head of the living goat, and they shall confess to him all the iniquities of the children of Israel, and their disobedience, and all their sins: they shall be on the heads of the goats, and he shall carry them to the wilderness.
Isaac lived in the South, and by the way of Pilate he came.
The priest delighted in the heart of the priest, and took the ephod, and the images of the house, with the engraved images, and went among the people.
The thin heads swallowed up the seven heads of grain. Pharaoh awoke, and saw that it was a dream.
Thomas, also called Dorcas (the same is the name of the one), one of the twelve; but when he came, he didn't stay with them.
The word of Yahweh tempted him, Until he had fulfilled his word.
Then Ezra the priest stood up, and said to them, You have sinned: you have married foreign women to you, and have increased the children of Israel in sins.
But the children of Israel rebelled, seeking to reconcile themselves to God in the law, and found no avail.
Yahweh was with Joseph in all that he did, and he didn't forsake the staff of the guard, because of the work of God which he did. Yahweh brought him prosperity.
Now, brothers, concerning David, the prophet, I will most assuredly tell you that he is dead, and buried, and his grave is with us this day.
Six days shall work be done; but on the seventh day is a day of rest, a holy day to Yahweh: and whoever does any work on the Sabbath shall be put to death.
He shall kill the lamb of the trespass offering; and the priest shall take a little of the blood of his trespass offering, and put it on the tip of the right ear of him who is to be cleansed, and on the thumb of his right hand, and into the big toe of his left foot.
I, Jesus, send my angels to the assemblies, to testify about you. I am the beginning of David, and a son of his seed, a dawn of love.
Therefore whoever confesses me before men, I will also confess him before my Father who is in heaven.
Then said Jehoshaphat, Isn't there here a prophet of Yahweh here, that we may inquire of him by him? One of the servants of the king of Israel answered, Behold, there is Elisha the son of Shaphan, who drew the water in the hand of Elijah.
So Abner returned to Hebron; and Joab took him to the entrance of the gate of the city, and spoke with him secretly: and he fell on his body there; and he died because of Asahel his brother.
Be strong and of good courage; for you shall give this people possession of the land, which I swore to their fathers.
But Yahweh will rejoice over him, and put him in pain, and his life will be a sacrifice of guilt, and he will see his children, and increase in stature; and the pleasant things of YahweH will be in the midst of his hands.
Moses listened to the commandment, and took the rod before Yahweh.
The woman took Joseph's garments, and laid them on him until his lord came,
His lord said to him, Well done, good and faithful servant. You have been faithful in the things of your youth, and I will set you over great things. Come in, and be glad with me.'
They said therefore to Baruch, Tell us, Please, what manner of speech you have given him to write all these words.
They said in the king's table, Peace be to Darius the king.
Where the wind will blow, where it will blow; where you have heard a voice, and don't know where it comes from, where the wind is blowing; and everyone who is born of the Spirit is the same.
He traveled from the land of South, and went up to Bethel, and to Ai; and they were in the midst of the tents, as before.
and have spoken proudly against the Lord of heaven, who has sent the vessels of his house to you, and you have drunk wine with your gods, and with your satraps and your concubines, and have praised the silver, the gold, the brass, the iron, the wood, and the stones; but you have not glorified him in the sight of your eyes, nor of your ears, nor in the knowledge of your tongue.
Therefore hear, you poor and drunken man, who are not made poor by wine.
Let no one rob me from now on, not even myself, for the shame of my body has covered him, proving that I am his servant.
All the commandment which I command you this day, if you will observe to do it, and love Yahweh your God, and walk in his ways continually, you shall set up for yourselves three cities besides these three cities;
On that day Achish gave Ziklag to him: therefore Zeklag was king over Judah to this day.
The kings of the earth, the great ones, the captains of thousands, the rich, the mighty, and everyone who has a servant, and he who is free, went to hide themselves in the mountains and in the hills.
My eye shall not spare you, neither will I have pity; but I will bring your way on you, and your abominations shall be in the midst of you; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
Then came his elder sister to Pharaoh's daughter, and said, Is it good for you, that I come among the Hebrew women, and I should nurse you this child?
I saw, and behold, on the head of the cherub, and between the expanse and the sky, like the precious stones of blue, as the appearance of a throne, was the likeness of it.
Let them be like the water that melts away. Let their arrows be turned back when they shoot.
My heart fainted within me. As I held my peace, the fire came up, and I spoke.
They both made them elders in every assembly, fasting and praying, and committed them to the Lord their believing.
He who doesn't call me Lord, Lord, let him enter into the Kingdom of Heaven; but he who does what the will of my Father is he able to enter into it.
Thus says Yahweh to me, Go, stand in the gate of all the people, which the kings of Judah have entered in from, and those who have gone out from there;
The gold that was brought from Tarshish, and the gold that came from Uphaz, was of the craftsmen, and of the dealers; and the purple and the blue worked on the garments, all of them skillful craftsmen.
Now we have heard from the Son of God, and declare to you this: God is light, and there is no darkness in him.
Give ear to the words of the wise. Seek my knowledge with your whole heart.
Let them say to me, Ho! You are cut off, man; for shame has consumed you.
Everyone who desires to join himself to him in Christ Jesus will suffer persecutions.
David took of his horsemen one thousand seven hundred, and two hundred thousand footmen: but David cut off his horses from the chariot, but he left him one hundred chariots.
The children of Israel said to Moses, Behold, we are dead. We are destroyed.
Then Zedekiah the king sent to Jeremiah Pashhur the son of Malchijah, and Zephaniah son of Maaseiah the priest, saying,
It happened after this, that David struck the Philistines, and subdued them; and he took Gath out of the hand of the Philistine, and restored it to him.
Not because he cares for the poor, but because he is a thief, and has stolen the justice due to him.
The men of Israel and the men of Judah rose up, and pursued after the Philistines to the gate of Kadesh and Ekron: but the Philistine lay by the way of Shadrachim, to Gath and to Ekron.
He also answers us for a sign, And gives the Holy Spirit as a bondservant in our hearts.
Ezra the scribe stood on the right side of the brazen oak that was prepared for them for this matter; and Mattitha, Shemaiah, Ananias, Uriah, Hilkiah, and Maaseiah, on the left side; and Petaiah, Misael, and Malmash, Hashmi, Hashabtaavnah, Zechariah, Meshullam, and Meshelemullam;
When a man lies on his bed, and is asleep, until he is asleep in a dream, In a vision of the night,
one golden ladle of ten shekels, full of incense;
holding faith without wavering, that the birds of the sky may be no more.
I tell you in the dark, that you go out in the light. In the hearing, declare you out on the housetops.
When I sing to you, my lips and my soul shall rejoice,
But if any of you is saved, forgive, and be forgiven; even as the Lord forgave you, so you also forgive.
The mirth of the axe is gone. The sound of the bridegroom is ceased, and the joy of the altar is ended.
I have made your high places of iron, and your gates of marble, and the border of your walls of iron round about.
and for the priests who are of the sons of Aaron, who are in the field outside of their cities, who have written in all their cities the names of them, to decide the portion of the priests, and of those who are written in the book of the Levites;
You also, as we commanded you, must walk in the ways of the former, and do according to their own self-control, and not after their own hands to walk in their own ways;
In the day of the king's feasting the princes are sick because of the snares. He has laid his hands on the scoffers.
They grew stronger and stronger, and came every man to God to Zion.
He who kills an innocent person hates a perfect man; But the upright keep his soul.
Therefore my meditation is turned into mourning, And my speech into a voice of weeping.
The apostles and the saints heard that the Gentiles also received the word of God.
So Samuel anointed him with the oil that was in his horn among his brothers; and the Spirit of Yahweh came mightily on David that day. Samuel arose, and went to Ramah.
It shall happen, if you shall listen to the voice of Yahweh your God, to keep the charge of this law, which is written in this book of the law, and shall give all your heart and all your soul to YahweH your God;
But our God does all that he desires in heaven.
In the days of Josiah, when Pharaoh Necoh king of Egypt went up by the river Euphrates against the king of Assyria, Josiah went up against him, and killed him.
Yahweh, you are my lamp. Yahweh will shine in my darkness.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Our fathers would not listen to him, but would have cast him off, and would have gone into Egypt.
Now therefore, O king, receive my counsel, and turn from your iniquity in righteousness, and put away your disobedience with mercy, that your peace may endure.
and he has broken the legs of his young lions; he has taken them, and brought them to the marketplace, and set them in the city of the buyer.
In the first year of king Cyrus, Cyrus the king made a decree concerning the house of God which is in Jerusalem, saying, Let the house be built, that it may be a place for sacrifice, and let the foundations of it be laid, and the height of it sixty cubits, and breadth of it six cubits;
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: If the king gives an inheritance to one of his sons, it shall be his inheritance to his sons; they shall inherit it.
The Kingdom of Heaven is like the parable of a dream, where ten virgin girls go out to meet the bridegroom.
Thus will I break down your walls of whitewash, even to the ground, so that the wall may fail, and the walls shall fall, and you shall perish in the midst of it: and you will know that I am Yahweh.
Abraham circumcised his son, as God commanded him.
He brought the money to his mother, and she said to her, I have given the money out of my hand to give to Yahweh for my son to make a sign, and to cast a sign: and I have kept it to you.
the likeness of the birds of the sky, the likeness of all creeping things that creep on the earth, and of all the miscarrying in the waters of the earth.
Of the tribe of Levi you shall not number; neither shall you number their substance among the children of Israel.
As it is written, God has hid their spirit from sight, and their ears from hearing, to this day.
Listen to me, house of Jacob, and all the remnant of the house of Israel: From the womb you have brought me forth, and from the womb have you brought me up.
Son of man, set your face toward the mountains of Israel, and prophesy to them;
For the woman who is about to give birth mourns, because her time is come. When she is delivered, she will forget her pain, because she has brought forth a child on the earth.
All the people will hear, and fear, And will not act rashly.
The seven angels who had the seven loaves came and talked with me, saying, Come, and I will show you the great prostitute, who has built her great city, which is by the River.
But the Jews were rebellious, and I was contrary to Caesar: nevertheless I didn't set my face against my own people.
Have mercy on me, Yahweh, That I may be strong, And take refuge in them.
The princes brought the scroll in the chamber of Elishama the scribe, and went in to the king into the court, and spoke all these words in the king's ears.
Pharaoh said, Tomorrow. Moses said, Put now your words in your mouth, that you may know that there is none like Yahweh our God.
But the king of the children of Ammon would not listen to the words of Jephthah, which he had sent to him.
Jesus entered into Jerusalem, and entered into the temple, and saw a vision. When evening had come, he went out with the twelve disciples to Bethany.
Jotham slept with his fathers, and was buried in the city of David: and Ahaz his son reigned in his place.
To the threshing floor of Gidom; for the oxen stumbled, and Uzzah stretched out his hand.
All our adversaries have opened their mouths wide to us.
Blessed is he who cares for the poor. Yahweh will save him in the day of trouble.
In you are uncovered the nakedness of your father. In you are the women who were defiled with the uncleanness of the moon.
He who lives and believes in me will never die. Therefore do you believe?
Thus the children of Israel prayed. They said, Yahweh, you are he; you are God, who made heaven and the heaven of heavens, and the army of heaven; the earth and the things of it, the sea and the depths of it; all of them are your own: and Yah has worshiped you.
and they sacrificed sacrifices to his dreams, and burnt incense to his great dreams, because of the fatness of them, and of the sweet savor of them.
But you, brothers, don't live in darkness. The day won't come to you suddenly like a thief.
He hears words that can't be spoken, Things which men don't speak.
It may be that they will listen, and return everyone from his evil way; and I will repent of their evil for their wickedness, and will bring their calamity on myself.
If you are of this world, the world will love you as its own, but because you are not of this life, I have chosen you from this world. Therefore the world hates you.
Don't be like them, for before you ask, your Father knows your need.
God came to Balaam, and said to him, Whose are these with whom you dwell?
But if the spirit of jealousy is kindled against you, don't depart from your place, for there shall be no great disobedience.
He rebuked the sea, and made it dry, and caused all these rivers to draw no water. Bashan and Carmel mourned, and the flower of Lebanon mourned.
Don't go in to a drunkard and a glutton.
The king of Israel went, and the king of Judah, and he also of Edom, seven days' journey: and there was no water for the army, nor for their livestock.
When he had made an end of mocking, all the virgins murmured against him.
Yahweh said, Who will entice Ahab, that he may go up to Ramoth Gilead, and die there? One spoke saying after this manner, and another saying after that manner.
Those who were numbered of the sons of Gershon by their families, by their fathers' houses,
To rile up and to shame the mocker. To rebuke the wicked, to put them to shame.
Remember, you were like a chaff to me. Will you heap me on the dust?
Then the Spirit came into me, and set me on my feet. He talked with me; and he said to me, Go, rest yourself in your house.
The children of Israel did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh; and they didn't remember that I, their God, went to serve the Baals and the Ashtaroth.
Because they were many, and could not come near to him, they broke a bar in his upper house from off the wall, that he might have fallen on his body.
and see from the glory of the Good News, because you received, and they walked back and forth, therefore they are an enemy of God; and from the honorable things, because God has remembered the promises of his fathers, therefore are they beloved.
As for the land, food comes forth from there. Its appearance is as the appearance of fire.
Though wickedness is in his mouth, Though he lies in his tongue;
Yahweh reigns over the nations. The world is established. He will judge all nations with justice.
I will make Judah my bow, And Ephraim my scepter for the bow. I will stir up your people against the daughter of Javan, And will make you like the sword of the mighty.
You also command our own men to learn to do good, and to be in subjection to those who are needful, that they don't bring forth fruit.
If you will diligently keep all my commandments which I command you, and do them; if you love Yahweh your God, and walk in all his ways, and in his ways;
one male goat for a sin offering;
You will bless the righteous, Yahweh. You will surround him with goodness like a shield.
Of the tribe of Zebulun twelve thousand, Of the tribe that is in Joseph twelve thousand; Of the tribes that are in Benjamin twelve thousand.
Being tired from many days, and because the fast had ended, and the boat was now in port, Paul began to speak to his relatives,
The dogs shall eat Jezebel in the field of Jezreel; and no one shall bury him. The young man opened the gate, and fled.
You shall number for yourself seven days: from the time that you shall measure the grain in your beginning with the measuring reed, seven days shall you number it.
He said, Yahweh has sworn, and Yah will fight forever with Amalek.
Or has anyone said to God, I have been punished, and have sinned no more?
The walls of the city are built with perverseness. The city itself is made of pure gold, as transparent as glass.
There shall be inhabitants therein, and no curse shall be. Jerusalem shall dwell in peace.
When Jesus heard that John was carried away into prison, he withdrew into Galilee,
It shall be an everlasting statute; and he who carries the defiled water shall wash his clothes; and whoever touches the water that is washed, shall be unclean until the evening.
This is the day that Yahweh appoints. Let us rejoice and be glad in it.
Judah went, and Yahweh delivered into their hand the Canaanites and the Perizzites.
He said to another, Follow me. He answered, Lord, let me go and bury my father.
I will be punished for sin. Why do I labor in vain?
Obey Yahweh your God, fear him, keep his commandments, listen to his voice, serve him, and be at peace with him.
Look to Zion, our keepers of the holy city. Your eyes shall see Jerusalem, a resting place, a haven from uncleanness; her hit shall not go out, neither shall her cords fail.
saying, If Esau comes up against this great army, then the rest of the army shall flee.
There you will remember your ways and your doings, which you have defiled by them, and will be abominable because of all your wickedness.
When you offer this sacrifice to Yahweh for your souls, the rich shall not greatly increase, neither shall the poor any more; everyone shall give his half of a shekel.
He built an altar there, and called the name of it Eluloth Israel.
Saul's servants brought a report, saying, Thus and thus has David spoken.
For I am with you to deliver you, says Yahweh, and to destroy you from all the nations where I have driven you: but I will not destroy you; I will rebuke you, as I have purposed, and will in no way leave you unpunished.
Those who desire to be great in feasts, And to be high in the synagogues,
So the people went forth, and took the camp of the Syrians: and the fine flour mixed with the sheaf was a shekel, and the two measures of barley for a sheaf, according to the word of Yahweh.
For great is the house of Israel and house of Judah that has dealt treacherously against me, says Yahweh.
Cursed be he who lies in wait. All the people shall say, Amen.
You shall lie on your right hand all these days, and bear the iniquity of the house of Judah: forty days I have afflicted you, a year and a half.
For I don't write in a book, brothers, concerning the coming of the Lord and his coming.
The people who dwell in this city shall come to this city, and shall say, Haste and come, and seek the favor of Yahweh of Armies, and to seek God of the gods; but as for me, I will go.
He has humbled you, and made you hungry; he has fed you with manna, which you don't know, and with the manna which your fathers didn't know; that man may not live only by bread, but also by all that is spoken in the mouth of Yahweh.
Call, and I will answer; Or tell, and you will answer me.
He kindles a cloud over the sky, And prepares for the rain, And causes the mountains to spring up.
Solomon answered him as he had asked him; there was nothing that Solomon didn't know how to tell him.
Through the help of the Holy Spirit you were built together, and became the dwelling place of God.
As it is done this day, so Yahweh has commanded you to do, to make atonement for you.
For I know that he who redeemed me is the living God. In the day, he will stand above the dust.
But those who have been buen, and those who were married to men, remain for yourselves.
Watch, for you don't know what day your Lord will come.
For all secret things will come to pass, And all secrets will be revealed in the latter end.
This border shall go forth from Azmon to the brook of Egypt, and shall go out to the sea round about.
When he looked, he saw that there was bread on the coals of the fire, and a pitcher of water on his head; and he ate and drank, and fell down afterward.
Sing, you who are barren, and don't bear. Sing, you that have not been filled with travail. Sing aloud, and shout for joy, for there is more a husband than a daughter who is barren, says Yahweh.
Go up to the mountain, and get timber, and build this house; and I will rejoice in it, and be glorified, says Yahweh.
You shall lend him no interest; neither shall you lend him food to sustain him;
Jeroboam said in his heart, Now this kingdom belongs to the house of David.
I took no oxen from your herd, Nor male goats from your fold.
Because you have forgotten Yahweh your Savior, That he was a rock of strength to you: Therefore you know the tree of understanding, That there is another tree.
He came and told his lord, saying, Lord, didn't you sow the good seed in your field? Where did these darnel come from?
When evening had come, he went into a deserted place. A multitude sought him, and when they found him, they left him, asking him not to depart from them.
Sing to Yahweh, and praise his name. Sing praises to his salvation day and night.
The beauty of his forest and the glory of his fruitful field shall be burned from the soul to the flesh; and the surface of it shall be as the decay of the sick.
The posts of the king and his princes continued throughout all the land of Israel and Judah according to the king's commandment, saying, Return again to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Yahweh, the God of Israel, and he will return to the remnant of you who are left of the hand of the kings of Assyria.
He who passes by as a cornet passes by, As an earthen vessel that hurries down six steps,
Then Esther's maidens and her eunuchs came and spoke to her, saying, The queen's mother-in-law mourned greatly, and sent her garments to Mordecai, to uncover her nakedness; but she would not receive them.
Now I purpose to persuade you, that you may speak before the sitting, and before the elders of my people, that if you will be redeemed, then you may redeem; but if you would not redeem, you shall make known to me; for there is no one who can redeem it: and he who is to the second is mine. He answered, I will redeem it.
They brought all that had blue, purple, scarlet, fine linen, goats' hair, and rams' skins, and sea cow hides.
Yahweh did according to the word of Moses, and all who were in the house died, in the courts, and in the fields.
So all Israel left David, and followed Sheba the son of Bichri: but Judah went with the king from the Jordan to Jerusalem.
When the kings of Hadarezer saw that they were put to the worse before Israel, they made peace with Israel, and subdued them. The Syrians would not help the children of Ammon any more.
David commanded to gather the foreigners who were in the land of Israel, and to beat the builders with stones, to build the house of Yahweh.
Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and the eight men, escaped out of the hand of Jehohanan to the children of Ammon.
Then there ran a young man, and told Moses, saying, Eldad and Bijda prophesied in the camp.
There is a way which seems right to a man, But in the end it leads to death.
He doesn't regard a man as a witness against him, because he knows the heart.
They shall not be eaten in all your habitations, with the blood of birds or animals.
David went and struck Moab, and put them to the ground, and measured with a rope two long ropes, to kill him, and one long rope to save him alive: and the Moabites turned to David, and believed.
Ask you a sign from Yahweh your God, To entreat it in the depths, In the heights of the heavens.
Turn us, Yahweh, into you, and we will be converted. Make our days new, as in the days of old.
Men of Benjamin, flee out of Jerusalem, blow the trumpet in Tekoa, And mourn at Beth Haccherem; For evil and great destruction has come down from the north.
There are some who are as sharp as a sword, and are stronger than a sword: they shall swallow up the poor who dwell on the earth, and the needy who are in the world.
Then he will tell those who are cursed, Depart from me, and enter into the eternal fire which is prepared for the devil, and for his messengers.
neither have we been conformed to the word of God, as many as have broken it; but have been faithful in God, speaking boldly in Christ;
We will bring you into the sea, as you have desired, wood cutters out of Lebanon; and you shall carry it to Jerusalem.
Daniel said, I saw in the night vision; and behold, the four winds of the sky gave way suddenly to a storm, and the wind was over the great sea.
There is nothing too lofty for him, Neither is there anything too small for him.
He has broken down his hedges like the blood; he has destroyed the place of his assembly: his appointed feasts and his Sabbaths have forgotten in Zion: Yahweh has done it, and he has despised the king and the priest in his anger.
Then he looked at the multitude who were round about him, and said, You are my mother and my brothers.
Yahweh was angry with Aaron, to destroy him; and I prayed for Aaron.
having this confidence, I set my heart to speak to you first, that you may be made whole again.
They didn't understand the saying, for they had hidden the saying from them, so that they could not understand it. They were afraid to ask him about the saying.
It happened on the third day of the ninth month, after the children of Israel had come out of the land of Egypt, that they came into the wilderness of Sinai.
Remember what happened to the wife of Lot.
According to these words, and according to these dreams, Nathan went and told David.
that each one of you may be fully assured of the word of God, that he may give himself to receive correction, and to be at peace with one another.
They shall teach Jacob your law, And Israel your law. They shall put incense on your altar before you, And all the burnt offerings of your altar.
and they went in after the children of Israel into the midst of the city, and struck two men, both of them in the body of the man and of the woman. So the plague was stayed in the midst Of Israel.
The king gave to the king one hundred twenty talents of gold, and in abundance of spices, and precious stones; and there was no sweet gazelle, as the queen of Sheba gave to king Solomon.
Moses and Aaron went in after them, and said to Pharaoh, This is what Yahweh, the God of Israel, says: Let my people go, that they may keep a feast for me in the wilderness.
All the firstborn of a herd and of a flock, male and female, you shall sanctify to Yahweh your God: and don't let a firstborn among the herds and of the flock be put to work; neither shall the lambs be shut up at the gate.
Therefore don't be hasty to eat, to drink, to keep a feast, nor to do a Sabbath;
You have killed many in this city, and filled the streets with corpses.
She said to him, No; but why should you drive me out, that you may hurt me more than you did to me? But Amnon would not listen to her.
then hear in heaven, and deal with her; and judge your servants, and put the iniquity of the wicked on the head of him, and give him the righteousness of the righteous, according to his righteousness.
Thus says Yahweh to me: When a man falls, shall he not rise again? when a man turns to flee, shall there be no more turning to him?
He led them through the desert, and they didn't thirst. He caused waters to flow out of a rock, and waters came out. The wicked will not rest, says Yahweh.
Therefore thus says Yahweh, You shall not go down again to the bed where you have gone up; you shall surely die. Elijah went up.
Then Hanani the seer came to Asa king of Judah, and said to him, Because you trust in the king of Syria, and not in Yahweh your God, therefore the army of the kings of Syria has fallen out of your hand.
Don't let him who is wise say, I am humbled by God; for God is not humbled, nor himself humbled.
Let one wicked man rule over him. Let one enemy stand at his right hand.
In the twelfth year of Joram the son of Ahab king of Israel began Ahaziah son of Jehoram king of Judah to reign.
Asa did that which was good in the eyes of Yahweh his God, and that he did right;
Woe to the wisdom of God! Woe to his ordinances, and to his ways!
Then Eliashib the high priest rose up, and his brothers the priests, and built the sheep gate, and sanctified it: and the doors were to the tower of Hammeah, and to the towers of Hananel, and they were sanctified.
He made the hooks of the one thousand seven hundred seventy-five shekels of silver for the pillars, and overlaid them with capitals, and made a border for them.
Don't forsake your anointed prince for David your servant's sake.
For before the law I was still alive, and the commandment came down, and sin arose, and I died.
The king and his men came to Jerusalem to fight against the inhabitants of the land: and they said to David, Unless you remove the blind and the lame, you can't enter into this place. They said, He will surely not come in.
From the first day until the end, Ezra read every day the law of Yahweh: and they kept the feast seven days; and on the eighth day there was a solemn assembly, according to the ordinance.
Behold, I will do a new thing. Don't you know that I am about to reveal it? I will make a way in the wilderness. I will cause a river to pass through the desert.
Keep my eyes from falsehood, That I may walk in your ways.
For this very cause, I appeal to you, who are called according to the flesh,
For when the Canaanite, and all the inhabitants of the land, heard of it, they besieged us, and destroyed our name from off the surface of the earth, what good will you do for your great name?
You have kept a covenant with your servant David my father, according to that which you spoke to him with your mouth, and with your hands have fulfilled it, as it is this day.
Know therefore that Yahweh is God: we are his created, and we are yours; we are the children of his people, and the sheep of his pasture.
When the congregation had no water to drink, they gathered themselves together against Moses and against Aaron.
For the holy things are temporal, and the law is not fulfilled; but God has sent out his Spirit to save sinners from sin and from death, and has made his own Son to be a sinner of sin, to judge with his flesh the sin of the flesh, to take away the sin from the flesh.
How long will you look at it? Consider it, and we will speak.
Arise, God, and judge the world; For you shall inherit all the nations.
I will strike the Assyrians in my land, and will tread them down on my mountain; and his yoke shall depart from my people, and his burden from the members of my people.
An unclean spirit wanders from him, And searches in a dry land for a resting place, But he finds none.
The lord of the vineyard will come, and destroy the farmers, and will give his vineyard to others. When they heard these things, they said, No.
My son, listen to the instruction of your father. Don't forsake your mother's teaching.
Jacob came from Paddan Aram, and came in peace to Shechem in the land of Canaan, and pitched his tent before the city.
Menahem slept with his fathers; and Pekahab his son reigned in his place.
Some of the scribes and Pharisees were watching him, whether he had healed anyone on the Sabbath, or if they were looking for something to accuse him of.
But I don't desire to have you do these things, because you talk about the ordinances of your law, and about the dreams which you make.
Amaziah the son of Jehoash king of Judah lived after the death of Joash son of Joahaz king of Israel fifteen years.
The tribes of Israel sent round about to the tribe of Benjamin, saying, What is this that you have done among all of you?
Jesus said, Father, forgive them, for they don't know what they do. Then they cast lots for him.
My mouth is abhorred by my wife. Those who are close to me abhor my mouth.
The children of Israel traveled by their ways out of the wilderness of Sinai: and the cloud stayed in the wilderness in Balaam.
Happy are your men. Happy are your servants, Who continually stand before you, seeking your wisdom.
English
His trials are like the light. Out of his hand is light. There is his strength.
It was told Jacob, saying, Behold, Joseph your son comes to you. Israel stooped down, and sat on his bed.
For I will give you courage and understanding, that all your enemies won't be overcome nor turned back.
If it be your husband's brother, or your son's daughter, or the daughter of your heart, or a friend of your life, who secretly seduces you, and says, Let us go and serve other gods, which you have not known, neither you nor your fathers,
When did we see you sick or in prison?
but it was Peter's voice, and he went in, rejoicing and opening the door that he could not. He ran and told him, and Peter stood at the door.
Then Joshua said, Thus shall you know that the living God will drive out before you the Canaanite, and the Hittite, the Hivite, The Perizzite, And the Girgashite; And the Amorite and the Jebusite;
The soldiers returned to the camp on the next day, and they presented themselves to Paul.
Seven days shall you not see it, neither shall the flesh of your sacrifice, which you offer at the first day's evening, remain until the morning.
Jesus said to him, This day salvation has come into this house, for he also is Abraham's seed.
All the kings of the earth came to see the face of Solomon, to hear his wisdom, which God had given him in his heart.
No longer will the world see me, but you will see me; for I live, and you will live.
and for the sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five male goats, and five male lambs a year old. This was the offering of Eliab the son of Helon.
Peter and John laid their hands on them, and they were filled with the Holy Spirit.
He took seven trumpets, and prepared a shield for the seven angels.
Moses said to Aaron, Take the censer, and put in it the fire of the altar, and lay incense on it, and bring it to the congregation, and make atonement for them; for great anger is kindled against Yahweh, and the plague is gone out.
The king said, Let him return to his house, and don't see my face. Absalom returned to his home, and didn't see the king's face.
When the man heard these things, his spirit left him, and his spirit returned to him, because he had many possessions.
that they may not enter into the land which I swore to you to inhabit; but Caleb the son of Jephunneh and Joshua the son Nun shall enter in.
It happened, when we cried to Yahweh, that he heard our voice, and sent us out of Egypt, and behold, we are now in Kadesh, your only city.
But the land that had been afflicted lived in darkness, and was despised by God, who turned aside to the land of Zebulun and Naphtali, and gave them to the way of the sea, beyond the Jordan, Galilee of the Gentiles.
For his eyes are on every man's way, To see his steps.
Afterward the great man died, and the angels raised him up to Abraham's bosom. The rich man also died, so that they buried him.
When they heard this, they were glad, and agreed to give him money. Judah sought how he might betray him.
Blessed shall you be in the city, and blessed shall you find in the field.
But Vashti the queen wouldn't come, neither did she listen to the king's commandment by the eunuch: therefore the king was very angry, and his heart went out like fire.
that I may return in peace to my father's house; that Yahweh may be my God;
Every male among the priests shall eat of it. It is a most holy thing.
This love is perfect in us, that we may be ready for judgment on the day of judgment, knowing that we have the same life as Jesus in this world.
For we are called servants of God. This is not a written covenant, but a holy covenant. A written law dies in death, but the Holy Spirit gives life.
You were rebellious against the words of God because of your tradition.
David listened to the commandment of Yahweh: and they struck all the army of the Philistines from Gibeon to Gezer.
For we were born Jews, not strangers of the Gentiles,
But when the husband hears it, and takes her away, he shall bear the iniquity of the woman.
being chosen according to the will of God our Father, to sanctify in the Spirit Jesus Christ, and to be made blameless in his blood; Grace be on you and peace from God.
Make your father glad. Let your mother be glad.
Behold, this is the joy of his ways: After him shall another come forth out of the earth.
His eyes don't depart from the righteous. He has set them up with kings forever. They are exalted.
David lived in strongholds in the South, in the hill country of Ziph; and Saul sought him every day: but God didn't deliver David into his hand.
and for the third row three rows of tapestry, and for the fourth row four rows.
Now therefore select three men of every tribe, and I will send them; and they will go through the land, and come to me according to their ability.
The earth shall fall as drunken men, and shall be shaken and scattered like a bed; and the fowler's snare shall be on them; so that they shall surely fall, and not rise again.
If God has mercy on us, and has committed this burden to us, we will be no more.
They shall bring back your relatives out of all the countries, with chariots and with horses, and with satraps and with mules, to Jerusalem, my holy mountain, to offer it for a sacrifice to Yahweh, as the children of Israel did offer it, even as the men of Israel offered it, to the house of God.
The servants of God rose up early in the morning, and went out: and behold, the army, horses, and chariots were fighting against the city. The servants said to him, Alas! my lord, what shall we do?
Jesus said to him, Blessed are those who see my faith, and those who don't see the sword.
Every burden is to you like a breath of wind. They deliver the breath to one who has heard it, saying, Read it in my ears. He says, I can't read it, because it is wind.
Speak to the children of Israel, saying, You shall surely keep my Sabbaths; for it is a witness between me and you throughout your generations, that you may know that I am Yahweh who sanctifies you.
Then king David sent and fetched him out of the house of Machir the son of Ammiel the Lo Debarite.
If God doesn't diminish the days, there is no one who will be saved; but God will diminish them for his chosen ones.
There were also sons of Hosah, of the sons of Merari, great and small; for he was not a firstborn; but they had made him their firstborn.
For the Kingdom of God is not spoken by word, but by power.
Aphesus, the sister of Abimelech, our brother, and the assembly that is in your house.
and they cast their gods into the fire, because they were no gods, but the work of men's hands, wood for wood, and stone for stone; and they destroyed them.
He created everyone from one man, and made them to dwell on all the surface of the earth; and he bore them a perpetual border with which they lived.
because they have forsaken me, and have burned incense to other gods, to provoke me to anger with the work of their hands: therefore I am angry with this place as with a fire.
Then Mordecai told him all the things that had happened to him, and the sum of the money that Haman had promised to give in the king's tent to destroy the Jews;
and the presidents of the country, and the satraps, the governors, the counselors, and their judges, to establish a king's statute, that there might be a statute for a thirty days, even to make intercession for the king, besides that which he shall make to the king. Whoever shall make petition to any god or man, let him be cast into the den of lions.
Behold, this man has contended with us, says Yahweh God: lest he use his hand again to gather fruit out of the tree of life, and eat it, and live forever.
Bring back your money again, and lay your money in your sacks, and bring it again to him. The thief is not found.
Yet a word, my son. Consider it. In the book of unleavened bread there is no end, but in the reading of it the body will be weary.
But we took heed to inform the king that if this city be built, and the walls finished, then you would have no portion beyond the River.
but because of the wrath of Yahweh of heaven, who has shut up the Chaldeans under the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, the king broke down this house, and carried away captive the people to Babylon.
Behold, the days come, and behold, the time is fulfilled. The grass has become greasy. The pride is lifted up.
Cry against him round about; for he is fallen; for his camp is laid waste, and his walls are broken down; for this is the vengeance of Yahweh: look to him, and do to him as he shall.
The archers were put to the king Josiah: and the king said to his servants, Bring me forth, for I am severely wounded.
I didn't go to the good that I desired, but to the evil that I didn't desire.
I am Yahweh your God, who brought you out of the land of Egypt. Open your mouth wide, and I will satisfy you.
When he had said this, he looked at them, and said, You have received the Holy Spirit.
When Saul and all the people who were with him were gathered together to the battle, behold, the Philistines were all slain with the edge of the sword, and were very mad.
A perverse man seeks what he desires, And hates all wisdom.
Give heed to instruction. Listen to the words of wisdom.
He taught them many things. He said to them,
Remind each one of you that he doesn't believe in his neighbor. For all of your brothers have been made to stumble, and their neighbor has gone and spoken against them.
I am a stranger living as a foreigner in the earth. Don't hide your commandments from me.
Yahweh's redeemed people will return. They will sing to Zion. Their joy will be for everlasting joy. In gladness they will rejoice. In sorrow they will flee away.
The sixth poured out his bowl into the Euphrates, and immediately the river dried up, and the kings of the east prepared a way for the sea.
I will see with my eyes, And hear with my ears the prayer that is offered in this place.
Thus have I testified to you in the sanctuary, That I might see your power and your glory.
When I had delivered the sacrifice to Baruch the son of Neriah, I prayed to Yahweh, saying,
Yahweh, you increase people, and make the kingdom great. You are glorified, and enlarge the borders of the land.
Then Jesus said, Father, I thank you, Lord of heaven and earth, for you show these things, and reveal them to the wise and understanding, and to the little ones.
Jesus answered him, Because I told you, I saw you under the fig tree, and you believed me. You will see greater things than these.
David said to Jonathan, Tomorrow is a new day; and I ought to sit down with the king: let me hide myself in the field until the third day.
They sat with him on the ground seven days and seven nights; and they spoke no more with him; for they saw that his sorrow was great.
They have set a feast and a feast. They eat and drink. Rise up, you princes. Anoint your shields.
No one puts a piece of unshrunk cloth on a piece, that it may be torn, and become a more grievous piece.
The king took the scroll, which Baruch had written for Jeremiah, and burned it; and the word of Yahweh came to Jeremiah, saying,
Yahweh, don't let your tender mercies fail from me. Your loving kindness and your faithfulness are always on me.
My brothers are five to me. They are like a brook, Like streams that go over a cistern.
Why do they preach, unless they are sent? As it is written, Those who preach the Good News are beautiful in appearance.
For the day of Yahweh is near, for it is near; and as you have done, so shall it do to you; and your works shall be on your head.
He spoke a parable to them. A farmer went out to sow, and while he was sowing, some fell by the road, and made the passover to eat. The birds of the sky devoured them all.
You are good, and your works are good. Teach me your statutes.
He covered the tent on the top of the tabernacle, and put the covering on it, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
Does the God of heaven not hear? Doesn't the Maker of the eyes see?
He took the book, and putting the spices in the synagogue, and sat down. All the people of the synagogue were looking at him.
Now the Philistines stood on this side, and the children of Israel stood on that side, in the midst of the valley.
What shall we do for our sister, who is a virgin, who has not yet come forth from the womb, as in the days of her youth?
He said to me, Son of man, arise, go up to the house of Israel, and speak to them in my words.
They took the six pieces of silver and showed me. They took the silver and shown him.
The treasures of the house of Yahweh, and the treasures of his house, he took away from there; and all the gold of Solomon king of Israel, which he had made for the temple of God, he broke in pieces, according to the word of God.
You have removed my friends far from me. They abhor me. I am shut up, I can't come out.
besides that which is in the flesh, the odors, the spices, the frankincense, the oil, the leavened bread, the meat, the oxen, the horses, the chariots, the servants, and the men of war.
until a day in which they themselves also will be released from the bondage of corruptible works, to be with the children of God in glory.
Zedekiah the king swore by secret to Jeremiah, saying, As Yahweh, who made our life, lives, I have sworn by him that I will not kill you, nor deliver you into the hand of those who seek your life.
Yahweh said to Moses, How long will you not keep my commandments and my law?
The wilderness and the dry land shall rejoice. The desert shall rejoice, and shall blossom like a flower.
The Egyptians knew that I was Yahweh, when I was glorified in Pharaoh, in his chariots, and in his horsemen.
For I tell you, I will no more eat such things until the end of the Kingdom of God.
It happened, like a scroll of a book, that the mountains and the sea shook, and departed from their place.
You shall make curtains of goats' hair for a covering over the tent of meeting.
He looked down from his throne, And saw all the inhabitants of the earth.
Your children shall return quickly. He who marries you and he who makes you desolate shall go out.
For I said, Your loving kindness endures forever. Your faithfulness will be established in heaven.
Yahweh said to Moses, Joshua the son of Nun, he has a spirit in him; bring him, lay your hands on him,
All those who are twenty years old and upward, they shall not see the land where I swore to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, because they didn't follow me.
They said, Give us a king to judge us. Samuel didn't approve of that, but Samuel prayed to Yahweh.
Then the Spirit lifted me up in a vision, and brought me to the captivity of the captives of Chaldea; and the vision which I saw, the spirit departed from me.
He ate bread in the house of Levi. Many tax collectors and sinners ate bread with him, and with his disciples; for many followed him.
So that man doesn't walk naked, And his body languishes in hunger.
Jephthah said to them, I have counsel with my people, and with the children of Ammon, that you should come; and you have not delivered me out of their hand.
I have prepared for the house of Yahweh in my distress, for ten thousand talents of gold, and for one hundred talents of silver, brass and iron, that could not be found; and I have prepared timber and stone: you shall add to it.
Arise, go you, for this is not your resting place; for the land is broken down by uncleanness, and the destruction of it is grievous.
But Jesus answered him, Unless God had given you authority, you had no authority to release me to anyone. Therefore the blood of him who delivered me is greater than much.
He took two turtledoves, or two young pigeons, and one for a sin offering, and the other for a burnt offering.
He came and listened to Paul. When he had laid his hands on him, and had seen that he had faith, and was healed,
though these three men were in the midst of them, as I live, says the Lord Yahweh, they should deliver neither sons nor daughters; they only should be delivered.
Yahweh said to me, Don't be afraid of him; for I have given him, and all his people, and his land, into your hand; and you shall deal with them as you have dealt with Sihon king of the Amorites, who lived in Heshbon.
But Abishai the son of Zeruiah defended David, and killed the Philistine: but the men who followed David swore to him, saying, After this you shall no more fight with us, lest you break the lamp of Israel.
Moab has rest from the days of old, says Yahweh; As the cup of many wine, which is not poured out in another vessel, neither has he been taken captive: therefore his outward appearance is still, and his inward face isn't changed.
When the multitude saw him, they marveled, and rose up to welcome him.
All the people wept and wept over the dead woman. Jesus said, Don't weep, for she is not dead, but is asleep.
We are not father's children. Our mother is a widow.
Yahweh spoke to Moses and to Aaron, saying,
Gaal the son of Ebed said, Who is Abimelech, and who is Shechem, that we may serve him? Isn't he the son-in-law of Jerubbaal? Aren't his captains Zebul? Why then have you served Hamor the father of Shechem?
For Herod knew that John was righteous and holy, and therefore he feared him, and kept his commandments. But when Herod heard the words of John, his spirit was troubled, but he still desired to hear them.
Nevertheless they continued, saying, He began to reign out of Galilee, and has come here. He has taught throughout all Judea and stirred up the people.
When evening had come, he went out, he and his disciples, outside of the city.
He said to the king, All the things which I have heard of you in your country, and your wisdom, are true.
All the people who were with him in the resurrection, when he called Lazarus out of the tomb, testified about him.
He magnified himself to the uttermost parts of the earth, and cast down the army, and the great stars, and trod them down.
The apostles spoke in great authority about the Lord Jesus, and received great favor.
According to the seed that they shall teach you, you shall do according to the judgment which they shall tell you: you shall not turn aside from the right hand or from the left.
Then you shall understand the righteous judgment, And will walk blamelessly in all paths.
Great is the anger of the nations, and you are very angry. The time of the dead is come, and the time of your servants, the prophets, and all the saints, and those who fear your name, is come; and your time of destruction have come, those who have destroyed the earth.
and Ramoth with its suburbs, and Anemim with the suburbs of it;
Jesus entered into the house, and the blind came around him. Jesus said to them, Have you believed that I can do this? They said to him, Yes, Lord.
When Sanballat heard that we were building the wall, he was filled with wrath, and with great indignation, and spoke against the Jews.
Samson said to the Philistines, Because you have done this thing, behold, I will avenge you, and you shall be clean.
Some of the tax collectors came to be baptized, and they said to John, Teacher, what shall we do?
Many were gathered together in Jerusalem in the second month, for a great assembly to keep the feast of unleavened bread.
Every abomination that creeps on the earth shall not be eaten.
If he dedicates the land to be holy from the Year of Jubilee, then it shall be according to your valuation.
This is the offering that Aaron and his children shall offer to Yahweh in the day of their anointing, even an ephah of fine flour for a continual meal offering, half a meal offering in the morning, and half a drink offering at evening.
The high priest stood up and said to him, What do these men tell you? Why do you refuse to answer?
When all the people heard these things, they marveled, and said to Peter, and to the rest of the apostles, What shall we do, brothers?
When the wicked is plagued, he shall also be afflicted; For he shall be recompensed for his ways.
One man has committed an abomination with his neighbor's wife; and one has defiled his own heart, and defiled it: one has also humbled his sister in the midst of you, the daughter of his father.
onyx wood, and oil for the lamp; spices for the perfumer, for the anointing, and for the sweet incense;
Moses commanded the people on that day, saying,
Remember this, and be wise in it. Let the rebellious consider it with their own heart.
It happened from day to day, until the evening offering, that they were prophesying; but they gave no voice, nor answered, nor sought after them.
The people murmured against Moses, saying, What will we drink?
The woman answered him, Sir, there is no one. He said, I also will not condemn you, but you shall return, and sin no more.
I will pour out my Spirit on all flesh. Your sons and your daughters will prophesy. Your old men will dream. Your young men will see visions.
It happened, as often as the king entered into the house of Yahweh, that the guard came with shields; and they brought them back again, and laid them in the guard house.
But if God has made us to enter into his rest, let us have a godly spirit, lest any of you be made uninformed.
I will command my mountains to give out the sword against Gog, says the Lord Yahweh; and everyone shall kill his brother with the sword.
All the trees of the field shall know that I, Yahweh, have brought down the high tree, the low tree is no more, the green tree is dried up, and the dry tree is destroyed: I, God, have spoken it, and done it.
You have replenished all your anger. You have turned away all your fierce anger.
When the captain of the guard saw that the dream was finished, he said to Joseph, I also saw in my dream, and behold, three baskets of bread loaves were on my head;
Therefore God raised him up to a high and lofty throne, And gave him charge over all names.
The beauty of the daughter of Zion has perished. Her princes are like a wandering deer. They have no strength. They are driven before those who pursue them.
Grace to you and peace from God and the Lord Jesus Christ.
Yahweh showed me the four women.
He told them a parable. A man had dug a vineyard, and he tied a line of cedar trees around it, and made a winepress of it. He built a tower of towers, and entered into the farmers' houses, and went to another place.
Wise counsel wins favor, But the spirit of the holy dwindles away.
Jesus answered him, Faithless man! How is this generation in unbelief? How long will I be with you? How much longer will I bear with you?' Bring to me your son who was born to demons.
But your little ones, whom you have said shall go into captivity, I will bring them in, and they shall know that you have forsaken the land.
Listen to these words, for the Son of Man is about to be delivered into the hands of men.
The earth went down as snow in the likeness of Mount Hermon, when God the Almighty was casting out kings in it.
Yahweh said to Abram, Know you, that your seed shall live as aliens in another land, and that they shall serve the land: and the land shall afflict them four hundred years.
He who remains in him will not commit iniquity. He who sinned will not see Christ, neither will he know him.
Therefore don't be anxious about tomorrow. Tomorrow is anxious for tomorrow, a day of suffering for a day.
When I returned, behold, a great multitude of trees were on the bank of the river.
Also Asher didn't drive out the inhabitants of Sidon, nor of Akkaz, or of Akaz, nor Hivpa, or Ivvah, nor Rehob.
You shall take for the house of purification two birds, and cedar wood, and scarlet, and hyssop.
The young lions shall take them by the hand; But they shall dwell in the king's house.
He also loves to sit on high in the synagogue, And to sit in the banquet hall.
David inquired of Yahweh; and he answered, Arise, go down to Keilah; for I will deliver the Philistines into your hand.
The secret of the heart shall be revealed, and they shall fall down and worship God, saying, God is in the midst of you.
the kingdom of Heaven with its suburbs, and the kingdom of Rehob and its suburbs;
He makes his bread with ashes, and his heart is divided, so that he is crooked: he shall not save himself, neither shall he say, Is there in my right hand a lie?
When he had said this, he showed them his hands and his feet.
He waited yet seven days, and let the foxes go out, and they didn't return.
Afterward he appeared again to five hundred brothers, who were already dead, but the multitudes were still alive.
But if the priest comes, he who is bought with money, he shall eat the holy things; and him who is born in his house shall eat his bread.
Therefore wisdom makes you to walk in the ways of the good, And to keep the way of the righteous.
But come down on the third day, and wait until you have seen the place where the evil is, on the rock of Esh.
The vows of the widow, or the vows of her who is married, with the words of her covenant, shall be established on her.
that they may judge the people in due season; and that they may bring them to you, and judge themselves; so that there may be greater condemnation; and they also may be with you.
It happened, when Apollos had determined to go to Achaia, that the brothers of Ephesus spoke to him, and sent him a letter to the brothers who were at Achhaiah, to receive him. When he was come there, they were helped through the grace of God to those who believe in the Lord.
Yahweh prepared a great sea to swallow up Jonah; and Jonah was in the sea three days and three nights.
Because he loved your fathers, therefore has he chosen their offspring after him, who brought you up out of Egypt with power,
He commanded them, saying, Take no journey, save one rod; don't take bread in your hand, neither bring in money in your sack;
Samson went down with his father and his mother to the vineyard of Timnah: and behold, a young lion came to him, and scared him.
He said, There were two entering into the temple, one Pharisee, and one tax collector.
If a man's body is diseased, and if he has a wart or a bright spot in his body, then he shall be brought to Aaron the priest, or to one of his sons.
and tell him, Tell the young man, Jerusalem will be inhabited like a sheath of incense, for there will be many in it, both men and animal.'
one golden ladle of ten shekels, full of incense;
The burden of Abijah. As for Edom, thus says the Lord Yahweh, We have heard news from God, and an ambassador is sent among the nations, saying, Arise, and let us make war against her.
When I saw him, I fell with the dead at his feet. He put his right hand on me, and said, Don't be afraid. I am the first, and the last.
Jacob tore his clothes, and girded sackcloth on his waist, and mourned for his sons.
But the children of Manasseh were able to drive out the inhabitants of those cities; and the Canaanites were minded to dwell in the land.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Let the Lord of peace give you rest in all ways. Let the Lord be with you all.
Go to my father's house, and to my relatives, and take a wife for my son.'
What will I do in the resurrection of God? What will I answer when he hears?
When the Lord saw it, he was moved with compassion, saying, Don't weep.
Some said, We have taken the field and the vineyard, and have gathered the king's concubines.
When evening had come, he came with the twelve disciples.
They went to the mountain, and remained there three days, until those who pursued them returned. Those who pursued after them sought them, but didn't find them.
When evening came, and the cloud stayed until morning, then the cloud returned, and they drove; and whenever the day was dark, then they drove.
He was angry, and turned away, and said, I thought that he would come out to me, and stand, and call on the name of Yahweh his God, and shake hands in the land for the leprosy.
Do you think that I came to make the earth peace? I tell you that it is not peace, but contention.
Even though you are yet in the trials of your faithfulness, rejoice in this, even in the bitterness of your heart.
As it is written, For your sake, we have turned all day from death to destruction. We have become sheep for slaughter.
The righteous will inherit the land of promise, And dwell therein forever.
Keep me from their snare, And from the scourging of the wicked.
You shall set the Levites before Aaron and before his sons, and they shall offer them for a wave offering to Yahweh.
Therefore thus says Yahweh in the book of the war, Ahabbik in Shophah, The valley of the Arnon,
and rejoice with those who rejoice; and bemoan those who mourn;
Again, Why do we always accuse one another?
God spoke to Noah and to his sons, saying,
You shall persecute Midian, and strike them.
From your vows, God, I will sacrifice to you a sacrifice of peace offerings.
The elders of Gilead answered Jephthah, Yahweh is a witness between us, and we will do according to your word.
He covered his throne with a cloud, overshadowing it.
They said to him, Where is Sarah, your wife? He said, In a tent.
But if your people Israel, who have sinned against you, be struck before their enemies, and they turn to you, and acknowledge your name, and pray to you in this house,
Blessed is the man whose works are perfect, Who walks in the law of Yahweh.
Don't let your eyes pity him; For put away innocent blood from Israel, that you may be blessed.
For he said this about Judas, the son of Simon the Canaanite, who was one of the twelve, that he would betray him.
Moses went down to the people to the mountain, and sanctified them; and they washed themselves.
For the Scripture says, Abraham believed God. Therefore God counts him righteous.
I will hold my loving kindness for him forever. I will not change my covenant with him.
They provoked him to jealousy with their strange gods, And provoked him with their abominations.
If we are judged this day for the good works of this lame man,
But when you are fully obedient, we will come and take those who are disobedient.
Lest you make a covenant with the peoples who dwell in the land, and play the prostitute after their gods, and sacrifice to their gods; and a man call you, and you eat of their sacrifices;
As for you, house of Israel, thus says the Lord Yahweh: Go, serve everyone his idol; and afterward you shall hear my words; neither shall you make an offering nor an idol blaspheme my holy name.
I will multiply Zion, And I will give food to her poor who are poor.
Now in Asia there were certain rulers who were Paul's friends, and they sent to him, imploring him not to enter into a quarrel.
The priest shall put some of the oil into his hand.
The beast that I saw was like a leopard. His feet were like the feet of a bear, And his mouth like the mouth of a lion. The tail brought forth its power, The throne, and the dominion of it.
Moreover before Jeremiah had gone up, the captain of the guard said to him, Go up to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam the father of Shaphan, to the city which the king of Babylon has made governor over all Judah: and dwell you with him in the midst of the people, or in the place which you shall see right to you. The guard gave him food and an offering.
The ravens didn't know the way. The young lions didn't see it.
The concubines of Gebal, and those who were skillful, were in the midst of you: all the ships that went over the sea, and their mariners, were of you.
and they shall divide the burnt offering to them according to the families of the people, to offer to Yahweh, as it is written in the book of Moses; and the shepherds shall do likewise.
He shall offer according to the strength of his hand one of his panics, or one of the young pigeons, as he shall be able,
Their worship is vanity to me, For they teach as doctrines the whole doctrine of men.
Moreover I will do to you as I have thought to do to them.
But if you observe the saying of Scripture, You shall love your neighbor as the law of the Kingdom of God belongs to you;
For while we yet rebel against him, he died for our sins, that we might be at peace with him again. If then we have now been made partakers of him, we will be saved more in him.
Therefore his parents said, He is grown up. Ask him for himself.
But when I saw Mordecai the Jew sitting in the king's gate, I perceived that it was for my good.
So Joab gave to David all the people who were numbered of the people: and the children of Israel shall take the sword one hundred ten thousand; and the men of Judah forty thousand.
Yahweh our God made a covenant with us at Horeb.
On the eighth day the king sent away the people; and they blessed the king: for they rejoiced and were glad, and they returned everyone to his tent, because of all the goodness which Yahweh had shown to David his servant, and to his people Israel.
He said to them, Again, you have heard a parable. A farmer planted a vineyard, and hedged it with a reed, and made a tower in it, and raised up a tower out of it. He leased out the field to the farmers, and went out to get it.
Therefore I exhort you to eat, that you may be saved, because no one will lose his head.
Even so, let the husband love his wife as he loves his own flesh. He who loves his wife loves himself.
You have done all these things, says the Lord Yahweh: you have profaned the way of the prostitute. It is a reproach to your soul.
The fruit of the lips shall be filled with blessings, And the reward of a man according to the work of his hands.
Righteousness upholds the upright, But wickedness brings iniquity.
Then shall you say in the morning, The fear which is in your heart, and the sight which your eyes have seen; and in the night, The dread that is not in you; and you shall say, The expectation that shall not be in me;
The Jews therefore said to him, Tell you, Take up your mat, and walk.'
It happened, while I was in Thessalonica, that you sent and prospered me.
He who receives him for the name of the prophet will be counted worthy of the reward.
I also will do things contrary to you, and I myself will beat you seven times for your sins.
and out of Israel his name shall be called The house of the backsliding.
When your servant is accused of sexual immorality, and has not been released from bondservants, and they commit adultery with him, they shall both be punished; but they shall not put him to death; for he shall not be released.
In that day shall you say, Give thanks to Yahweh, call on his name, declare his works among the nations, and declare his name exalted.
Now the rest of the acts of Jeroboam, and all that he did, and his might, and how he warred against Damascus and against Hamath, that were of Judah, that he restored them to Israel, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
He has watched over iniquity on his bed. He has set his face to do evil, And doesn't abhor evil.
It will happen in that day, says the Lord, That I will raise up David from his sleep, and I will repair his breaches, and build up his ruins, and will build him up as at the first.
Therefore you shall not see false, nor divination; but I will deliver my people out of your hand; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
Absalom built himself a pillar in the valley of the king, because he said, I have no son to keep my name. He called the pillar Absalom by his name, to this day.
The speech of the tongue is like a savory morsel, It reaches into the innermost parts of a man.
The people made Jehoahaz the son of Josiah king; and he succeeded his father in Jerusalem.
then will I draw up their root out of their land which I have given them, and the house which I will make holy for my name; and I will cast it out of my sight, and will make it a proverb and a proverb among all peoples.
For we speak not of the power of our Lord Jesus Christ, nor of his glory, but of the majesty with which our eyes have seen him.
His father said to him, You have been with me, my son, all my goods are yours.
But God has shown the sons of men foolishness in the eyes of the wise, and in the sight of the weak weakness in the glory of the mighty;
But if that which is born of the handmaid comes by nature, then that which comes from the free woman comes by the word of God.
The crown of pride of Ephraim will fall by the feet.
Jonathan the son of Saul said to the young men of his armor company, Come, and let us go to the other side to the army of the Philistines; but he didn't tell his father.
In the beginning, when God made heaven and earth,
and tell him, Thus says Hezekiah, This day is a day of trouble, and of rejection; for as a son is about to be born, there is no strength to bear him.
Moses wrote this song that day, and taught it to the children of Israel.
Jesus went forward, and saw two brothers, James the son of Zebedee, and John his brother, who were in the boat with their fathers, and they were examining the ship. He stone them to follow him.
How are the mighty fallen in the battle! Jonathan is slain on your high places!
that he may shave himself with his holy head at the door of the Tent of Meeting, and put his holy hair on the fire that is under the mercy seat.
It shall happen in the evening, that you shall go forth before them in a coat of mail before their eyes; and you shall cover your face with the cloth, until you see the land: for I will make you the sign of the house of Israel.
I love Yahweh, Because he hears my speech, And hears my supplication.
For Saul, and for Jonathan his son, the people of Yahweh, and the house of Israel, mourned, and lifted up their voice, and fasted until even; for they fell by the sword.
He delivered them into the hands of strangers; Those who hated them ruled over them.
Now the rest of the acts of Manasseh, and all that he did, and his sin, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
Then Adah became the father of Jabbir, who lived as a herdsman in tents.
The chambers of the houses round about were twenty cubits.
Then Jesus said to the people, Have you come out to take me, as to take the dust? Every day I sit in the temple teaching, but you haven't come to arrest me.
Hiram said, Blessed be Yahweh, the God of heaven and Israel, who has given him a wise son, a man of understanding, to build a house and a palace for God, and for his kingdom.
Now the rest of the acts of Josiah, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
Then came the word of Yahweh to Samuel, saying,
Do all things according to the soundness of the Word.
Then the lords of the Philistines went to the woman, and said to her, Come to Samson, and see how his strength is in him; and let us devise a device against him, that we may bind him to distress, and we will give every man one thousand one hundred pieces of silver.
Immediately he goes on after him like oxen to the slaughter, Like fools to be carried away in punishment.
My soul will triumph in Yahweh. The humble will hear, and rejoice.
The Philistines said, With what trespass offering shall we return to him? He answered, With five fifties of gold, and with five measures of fine flour, according to the number of the heads of the Philites; for the evil has come on you and on your heads.
On that day the king made a proclamation in the midst of the court of the house of Yahweh for a holy convocation: there he offered there the burnt offering, and the meal offering and the fat of the peace offerings; because the brazen altar that was before God was small, he could not offer the burnt offerings, nor his meal offering, or his peace offerings.
A fool speaks rashly, and doesn't know what he is saying. A perverse man speaks lies more subtly than he is.
He built cities in the hill country of Judah, and hewed out strongholds and villages in the forest.
Though he shall bring forth many fruits among his brothers, yet an east wind from the wilderness, even Yahweh's wind out of the wilderness; and his springs shall be dried up, and the springs of his waters shall be cut off; and he shall take away all the pleasant treasures of his harvest.
As it is written, There is no righteous man, Not one.
Though he hides his hatred with deceit, His wickedness will be revealed before the congregation.
They went and spied out the land from the wilderness of Zin even to Rehob, to the entrance of Hamath.
then see our faces, and the faces of the young men who eat the king's dainties, and do to your servants as you have seen.
Gracious is Yahweh, and merciful; Slow to anger, and abundant in loving kindness.
When Joseph had awakened from his sleep, he took Mary, as the Lord's angel commanded him, and became his wife.
When Yahweh arises, and causes the earth to tremble, men go into the rock, into the dust, to flee from the terror of God, from the glory of his majesty.
The child who eats milk is dry, and has a boil on his tongue; and the child asks for bread, and there is no one to give him.
The men of Israel chased after the Philistines, and took the camp.
I am wiser than the elders, Because I have kept your precepts.
Esau said, Please let me leave the staff of the rod with you. Jacob said, Not so. It is good for me to find favor in the sight of my lord.
They pursued after them to the Jordan; and behold, all the clothes and the vessels, which the Syrians had cast away, when they fled, returned to the king.
The woman stood behind him, and wept, and having tears on her eyes, she wiped her feet with her own hair, and ate and drank until she had anointed her feet.
When the poor man has no right to offer such things, he shall choose wood that he can't destroy, and hire skillful men to build him a god that can't be moved.
He who refrains from teaching has no God in his midst. He who does the refraining has the Father and the Son.
Then Jephthah vowed a vow to Yahweh, saying, If you deliver the children of Ammon into my hand,
Let the earth shout for joy to Yahweh.
What is your mother? She is a lioness. She lies down among the lions. She feeds her son among the young lions.
After the earthquake there was fire, and Yahweh was not in the fire; but behind the fire there was a sound of small and great lightning.
You shall know that I am Yahweh your God, and there is none else besides me; and my people shall never be disappointed.
Why have you rejected me, Yahweh? Why do you hide your face from me?
Moreover in my anger and in my wrath, in my great indignation, I have struck you with an outstretched arm, and with a mighty arm;
Jesus, knowing their desire to inquire of him, said to them, Do you see me now, because I said, A little while, and you will see me again?' They said to him, No.
Now therefore save yourself, and come down from the cross.
Servants, be in subjection to the masters of the earth, not for your own pleasure, but for their own pleasure. For you are a worshippers of God.
Then said Zebah and Zalmunna, Arise yourselves, kill us; for men are like men, and so is power. Gideon arose, and killed Zeba and Zarmunna; and he took their camels' necks, as in the moon.
He said, Amos, what see you? I said, A basket of summer fruit. Yahweh said to me, The end of my people Israel, I will not touch them any more.
Moses returned to Yahweh, and said, Lord, why have you dealt so wickedly with this people? Why have you sent me?
Amaziah said to Amoz, Go, you seer! flee to the land of Judah, and there eat and there be a prophet.
He built an altar there, and called on the name of Yahweh, and lay there his tent. Isaac's servant dug a well there.
But Pharaoh oppressed them more and more. So the king was distressed for the children of Israel.
These are the heads of fathers' houses of the Levites, who were notable in their generations, and lived in Jerusalem.
Four thousand men were porters, and four thousand instruments of music for David.
His boastings are of a strong man. His waves are like a whirlwind.
Tell me, man of my soul, Where do you feed the sheep? When will you cause them to rest in the place where you have given them? By the flock of your companions I am as one who covers his face.
but the bull, its skin, its flesh, and its carcass, he burned with fire outside of the camp, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
I have seen a thing that is not good in the sight of the sun, as a mistake made by a ruler;
Then I prophesied, and there followed a voice, and suddenly a great earthquake happened, and the bones of the bones were joined one to another, and they became one flesh to another.
Then the Midianites and the Amalekites, and the children of the east, passed over the river, and encamped in the valley of Jezreel.
He brings down the heavens, and they come down. There is a cloud at his feet.
Do you think to change men's speech? The speech of the unfaithful is like wind.
the horned owl, the doe, the koal,
Moses called to Bezalel and to Oholiab, and to all those who were wise in heart, whom Yahweh had given to their heart, and whose heart was stirred to work.
The men listened to him, and after a while considered his latter end, said, It is Ben Hadad your brother. He said, Bring him. He came out to the king, and he gave him chariots.
The waters returned, and were still until the tenth month, in the first day of the month.
You shall be an abomination to all waters, and to all those who are not of one kind or another.
Moab shall be destroyed; it shall no more be a nation; for they are haughty, and have rebelled against Yahweh.
They came to the foreigners whom they had come to, and blasphemed my holy name; for they said of them, The people of Yahweh are come out of his land.
Yahweh will be heard with the voice of his majesty. He will be seen with the hand of his fall, and with the anger of his wrath, with the flame of his devouring fire, the whirlwind, and the hail.
At the end of the seventh day, on the next day, you shall count fifty days; and you shall offer a new meal offering to Yahweh.
Then Yahweh was filled with zeal for his land, and had compassion on his people.
Yahweh will recompense each man according to his righteousness and according to the faithfulness of his people; for Yahweh has delivered you into my hand this day; but I will not put forth my hand to destroy the anointing oil of God.
The words of Job are void of knowledge. His speech is void of wisdom.
You shall build desolate places long ago, and you shall establish the foundations of the ruined. You shall be called The Plain of the wall of your mother,' and The Place of Succoth, for pleasant dwelling.
For wisdom shall enter into your heart, And knowledge shall be the delight of your soul.
But the king Jehoash reigned twenty-three years, and the priests had not repaired the breaches of the house.
Therefore I said, The Philistines will come to Gilgal against me; and I will not make a sacrifice to Yahweh, until I have offered my burnt offering.
and said to them, I am one hundred twenty years old, and will not go out any more; and Yahweh has said to me, You shall not pass this Jordan.
Behold, he is taken: who can oppose him? Who shall ask him, What have you done?
Those who were slain by the plague were twenty-four thousand.
and their brothers the mighty men of valor, one hundred twenty-eight; and Zabdiel the son of Hadadezer was their captain.
that they not perish together for this secret, because of the mercy of the God of heaven, that Daniel should not be consumed together with his companions, and with the wise men of Babylon.
For the thing which the queen does shall be declared to all the women, saying, The king Ahasuerus called Vashti the queen before the king; but she has not come; so shall they despise their husbands.
He took the fat that was on the innards, and all the fat which was on them, and the two kidneys, and their fat, which was by the loins on the two sides, with the cover of the liver that was above the liver; and he took it away.
the tent of meeting, the mirrors, the flowers, the incense altars, the cloud,
The children of Jacob, his servant, The children of Israel whom he chose,
Turn us again, Yahweh, the God of Armies. Cause your face to shine, And we will be saved.
We lie in our shame, and our reproach cover us; for from our youth up, we have trespassed against our God, we and our fathers, and have not obeyed the voice of Yahweh our God.
The burnt offering, the fat of the peace offerings, and all the drink offerings of burnt offerings, were many. So the business of the house of Yahweh was shown by the craftsmen.
Now your end is come, and I will bring my wrath on you, and will judge you according to your ways; and according to all your abominations I will repay you.
Keep the word of truth from my mouth, For I desire your judgments.
In the day that you make yourselves holy, you shall not eat of anything that comes forth of the vine, from the hart even to the skin.
He made two rings of gold for it, and put them under the cover of the breach, on the two ends of the altar above; and the rings were for places for poles, to carry the altar.
Praise him, all his messengers! Praise him, All his mighty ones!
Did none tell my lord what I had done in the days of Jezebel, when she killed all the prophets of Yahweh? but I put a hundred men in the cave, and fifty men in a troop, and fed them with bread and water.
He was filled with the Holy Spirit and full of joy, and said, Father, I praise you, Lord of heaven, for you have hid these things from the wise, and brought them out to the children of men, for this is joy to you, Father.
They delivered to him all the instruments of the Spirit, the court of the house of Yahweh, and the chambers round about, the gold and the silver and the gold of the temple, which they had gotten out of the Holy Spirit;
You shall eat it with bread in the place which Yahweh your God shall choose; and you shall return to your tent in the morning.
Their sight is a lie, and a divination of lies; for they say, Yahweh has spoken it; and yet they hope that the word will happen, because he has not made them prophets.
But I knew you, that you were a fruitful vine, and therefore a good seed: why then have you become a destructive vine to me?
Therefore don't defer, neither forewarn, until the coming of the Lord, when he will reveal hidden secrets hidden in the hidden places of your heart. Then everyone will receive his blessing from God.
The heaved thigh and the waved breast they shall bring with the fat of the offering, and wave it for a wave offering before Yahweh: it shall be to you, and to your sons, for an everlasting portion, according to the commandment of God.
It was said, Because of the famine, we took our fields, our vineyards, and our houses, and gave them to the farmers for grain.
Every holy thing that any man dedicates shall be for the priest; and whatever man gives to the priest shall be his.
This also is the iniquity of the righteous, for I am a rebellious God.
In the seventh month, on the tenth day of the month, shall be a holy convocation: you shall afflict your souls, and shall do no work;
There was also a man whose name was Lazarus, and he was of good courage. Lazarus' body and all his intestines fell at the door of the rich man,
Jesus answered her, Woman, what have I to do with you? My hour has not yet come.
For Israel will dwell many days without king, without princes, without priests, without pillars, without ephod, and without priests in the house.
The porch of the gate of the court, which was at the right hand of the house, was from the entry of the second story upward, and upward to the third.
The chief priests and the Pharisees sent out a commandment, saying, If anyone knows where he is, let him tell them, that they may take him.
My tears are poured out on my heart with fasting. This is my reproach to all men.
and said to them, You shall not bring in the captives, for you think that what you will do will be to sin against Yahweh, and to add to our iniquities and to our transgressions; for our trespass is great, and the wrath of God is on Israel.
If you say in your heart, The nations are greater than I; how shall I drive them out?
They listened to Herod's words, and rose up: and behold, the star which they saw in the east, which followed them, and guided them, came to the place of the child, and stood over it.
Praise Yah! Sing praises to Yahweh! Praise him in the assembly of the holy people!
He said, If the Syrians be too strong for me, then come you to help me; but if the children of Ammon be too weak for you, then I will come and help you.
Though a man rise up to pursue you, and seek your life, yet my lord's life shall be with Yahweh your God in a separate land, and the life of your enemies will he bring forth, as he came forth out of the midst of the pit.
But if I do boast, I am not disqualified, for I speak truth. But I make a covenant with myself, that no man may perceive anything from me, or hear something from me.
If then they trample on the Son of God, so as to profane the blood of the covenant of the Lord, and profane ungodly spirits, do you think their punishment ought to be greater?
and for the burnt offering twelve bulls, twelve rams, fourteen male lambs a year old, and twelve male goats for the meal offering of the sin offering;
I know your works. Behold, I have opened your doors before you, and there is no one who can shut them. I know that you are but a little power, and keep my word, and don't deny my name.
Moses did so, as Yahweh commanded him.
They presented to the king seven bulls, seven rams, seven lambs, and seven male goats, to sacrifice for the kingdom, for the sanctuary, and for Judah, the priests of the sons of Aaron, to offer them on the altar of Yahweh.
and it shall be put to him; he shall read it all the days of his life, to learn to fear Yahweh his God: and he shall keep all the words of this law, and all these statutes, and do them.
Jesus said to him, Let the dead who are sanctified be buried with the dead. But you go and preach the Kingdom of God.
He sent and took the garment, and brought it to their father, and said, We found it. Please let your eyes see whether it is not your son's coat.
They mock at evil. They speak proudly.
Let those who seek my soul be disappointed and confounded. Let those who plot against me turn back and be ashamed.
Now, behold, my testimony is in heaven. My witnesses are on the top of it.
I said, I ought to diligently search you out while I yet live.
Even as the body dies without the spirit, so also faith dies without works.
Saul arose, and took three thousand chosen men out of all Israel, and went down into the wilderness of Ziph, to seek David in the wilderness.
When she saw that she was determined to go with him, she said nothing more to her.
This sweet savor will not be without price to the poor.
Now therefore, my God, please let my eyes be open, and my ears attentive, and hear the prayer that is offered in this place.
Zedekiah was twenty-one years old when he began to reign; and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Hamutal the daughter of Jeremiah of Libnah.
For your arrows shoot forth, And your spears flash, And the sun and the moon stand in their place.
You have been joined to those who are bound; and you have been partakers of your inheritance; for you know that you have a more excellent and stable inheritance.
When Moses the servant of Yahweh sent me from Kadesh Barnea to spy out the land, I was forty years old when I came; and I rejoiced with my soul.
Our sons are as the palm trees in their youth, Our daughters as the stones of the cedars in their royal estate.
Samson said to him, If they bind me with cords that have not been bound, then I shall be weak as another.
He touched their eyes, and said to them, In your faith, I am building you up.
then he divided his men into three companies, and laid them in the field: and when he saw the men of Shechem come forth out of the city, he rose up against them, and struck them.
So they went and gathered up the stones in a whirlwind, and the soldiers watched from there.
Then saw Philologus in Apollos, preaching the Good News in every city, even to Caesarea.
You shall make six boards for the far part of the tent westward.
For apart from the grace which was given to you to believe in Christ, and to suffer for Christ,
For the law constrains our sin, because we live according to the flesh, and its fruit is the fruit of death in our flesh.
This is the portion of the wicked from Yahweh, and this is the inheritance of the violent man from the Almighty.
Speak to the children of Israel, and tell them, When you come into the land which I give to you, then you shall keep a Sabbath to Yahweh.
Immediately the demon was thrown out, and the mute began to speak. They were all amazed, saying, We have not seen such things in Israel.
All the lovers of the land of Judah and Jerusalem, the craftsmen, and the idols of the house, the sacred things, and all the detestable things of it, did Josiah break the seal, and performed the words of the law, written in the book of Hilkiah the priest, which was found in the house of Yahweh.
The offering shall be a tenth part of an ephah of fine flour mingled with the fourth part of a hin of oil for a meal offering.
then the priest shall examine him; and behold, if the skin is white in the place where the skin was, so that the hair of the gate has turned white, and the appearance of the raw flesh in the area was dim;
All the people returned every man to his house; and David returned, and blessed his house.
He spoke many other words besides these, imploring them, saying, Deliver yourself from this evil generation.
King Solomon said to Abram, Return to me men, and all things will be yours.
He loves curses, and let them come on him. He doesn't delight in blessing, but let them be far from him.
They forsook the house of Yahweh, the God of their fathers, and served the Asherim and the engraved images; and the wrath of God came on Judah and Jerusalem.
He wrote in the name of Ahab, and in the king's answer; and he sent letters to the elders of the city of Naboth, who lived with him.
What is it that I shall bring to Yahweh, that I may bow down to him on the high places of the mountains? or that I should bring burnt offerings, or a young bull to him?
Moses and Aaron spoke to all Israel at even, saying, By the evening you shall know that Yahweh who brought you up out of the land of Egypt is he.
I saw in the spoil, and behold, a beautiful man in the midst of my hand, two hundred shekels of silver, and a gold weight of fifty shekeles: and I loved the things of it; and I took him, and set him down on the ground of my tent, and put the money in his mouth.
If we believe that Jesus indeed died, and is alive, we also believe that God will bring those who are dead with him.
You shall not eat anything sacrificed to idols, neither shall you eat animals of death, nor drink blood, nor do any sexual immorality; but if you don't do these commandments, then peace be to you.
The way of the wise is to walk, And he shall depart from Sheol.
He who denies the witness shall perish; but he who hears it shall be brought to light, and no one can refute him.
That we might be delivered out of the hand of our enemies;
The king said, Isn't this the great Babylon, who built her own house for my majesty, and for the glory of my majesty?
They sit as little children in the streets, crying out with a loud voice, We flatter, and you don't dance! We lament to you the loss of our innocence. You don't weep.
Thus will I do to you: I will make you afraid, and you will be weary, and be sick, and your eyes will be pained, because your enemies will feed on you.
You shall bring out the firstborn of the children of Israel, who is of the Levites, more than two hundred seventy-three;
The word of Yahweh came to me.
Then the trees of the forest will sing for joy before Yahweh, For he comes to judge the whole earth.
Who among you has seen the glory of this house as it was before you? Don't you see it in your eyes?
then you shall give to Yahweh every male who opens the womb, and every firstborn of all the livestock that are male and female, all these shall be for God.
This shall be the word that comes out of my mouth: he shall return to me destitute of vanity; but he shall perform that which I delight in, that my servant may be prospered in his work which I send him.
The grass withers, And the flower falls; For the breath of Yahweh is on him. Surely man is like the flower in the grass.
These are the kings of the hill country, and of the lowland, in the Arabah, and in the mountains, in wilderness, and on the South: Hittite, Amorite, Canaanite, Perizzite, Hivite, and Jebusite.
and you will testify both to them and to the Gentiles for my sake, that they also may be witnesses both before the governor and the king.
He will call forth a prayer to a people far off, calling aloud to the ends of the earth; and, behold, they are rushing to it.
Then I rebuked the officers, and said to them, Why has the house of God been made desolate? I gathered the Levites together, and explained the causes of them.
Asa cried to Yahweh his God, and said, Please let there be none to help but you, God, between the strong and the weak. Please help us, because we have trusted in you, and have spoken your name against all those who are round about us: Yah, our God, you are our God; let no man prevail against you.
You shall eat the food that is in your hand. You shall bless and multiply.
and sit on your beautiful bed, and take a table before you, and lay my spices on it, and put my ointment on it.
For I said, I am not Christ, but that I was sent to be his prophet. You are my witnesses in this matter.
The burnt offering of the king on the Sabbath day shall be six ewe lambs without blemish, and one ram without lambs;
If a rich man comes in with jewels of gold, and wears beautiful clothing to your synagogues, and a poor poor person comes in,
He divided the country into a separate company, and gave authority to the servant over them. He said to his servant, Go forth before me, that there may be at each company a burnt offering.
The multitude said, What sign have you done that you have shown us, that we may believe in you? and what work is your service?
Then they forsook the multitude, and sailed away in a deserted place.
Now therefore make haste, and tell his disciples, He is risen from the dead, and he is going before you into Galilee, and there you will see him.' I have told you.
Pharisees came to him, testing him, and asked him, Can a man take his wife?
The wicked go for vanity, But the seed of righteousness for a sure reward.
I left you nothing bad, that you might do as I have done to you.
Mark out the battle, and lay hold of the wicked. Mark out those who uphold the circumcision.
To the God who gives strength and power, For his loving kindness endures forever;
Their little ones shall be dashed before their eyes, and their houses shall be a desolation; and their wives shall be reproach.
Deliver me, Yahweh, from my enemies. Hide me from your presence.
Come to me, and hear. I have not spoken from the beginning. From this, I am there. Now the Lord Yahweh has sent me and his Spirit.
The mocker seeks wisdom, and doesn't find it. The discerning find it quickly.
Rejoice forever, and be glad; for I have created Jerusalem to be glad, and her inhabitants to rejoice.
When one of the maidens saw Peter sitting and warming himself, she kept her eyes on him, and said, This man also was with Jesus.
Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who raised up Jesus Christ from the dead, who gives us life in the body, according to the mercies of his mercy,
When they saw me in the temple, I was already baptized, and there was no crowd, neither was there any doubting,
Yahweh spoke to you on the top of the mountain from the midst of the fire.
If two men fight, and one of them draws near, and comes to save his husband from the hand of those who beat him, and stretch out his hand to take the man's nakedness;
Tell us, is it lawful for a ruler to pay taxes to Caesar?
None of the priests say, Where is Yahweh? As for the law, it has not known me; The captains of the guard have rebelled against me, The prophets have prophesied against Baal, And have walked in unprofitable things.
God came to Abimelech in a dream in the night, and said to him, You are a man of death; for the woman whom you have married is a woman of man.
David arose, and took the staff in his hand; and he chose in the mountain of the ascent five bare stones, and set them in the midst of the earth, where the keepers of the sheep had abode: and he took a line of stone, and went to the Philistine.
He said to the judges, See what you do; for you are not judged for man, but for Yahweh. He will be with you when you are judged.
For Solomon asked, and the Lord was pleased with his words.
He who is void of understanding plots against him. His lips are like fire.
To him who denies me and doesn't receive my words, there will be one judgment, and the word which I speak will be judged.
Then I will turn the words of the peoples into cleanness, to call on the name of Yahweh with one accord, and to serve him with all my heart.
But whoever it is that he shall offer of all that he gives to Yahweh, he shall not sell, neither shall he redeem any of it, of man, or animal, or land of his possession; it shall be most holy to him.
Therefore tell the house of Israel, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: I have not done this thing for your sakes, even for my holy name's sake, which you have blasphemed among the nations where you have gone.
The storm came, the floods came, and the winds blew, and struck the house, and it shall not fall; for a strong foundation was laid on the rock.
He put the basket of unleavened bread in the sight of Yahweh, and took one loaf of bread, and one piece of fresh oil, and a piece of poached bread,
Moses went with Eleazar the priest, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
Therefore will I save my flock, and will no longer give them for prey; and I will judge between sheep and sheep.
He shall kill the lambs in the place of the sanctuary, where he killed the sin offering and the burnt offering; and the trespass offering shall be for the priest, as the sin offerings; it is most holy.
Now before the lamp of Yahweh was lit, Samuel was sleeping in the house of God, in the ark of the covenant of God.
The world hates you, but they hate me, Because I have worked their evil in secret.
So Abram carried his tent to Hebron, and lived in the oak of Mamre. There he built an altar to Yahweh.
Joshua took Makkedah that day, and struck them with the edge of the sword, both they and their king: and there was utterly destruction there; there was not a man remaining; as he had done to the king of Jericho.
Elkanah her husband said to her, Hannah, why do you weep? Why do you not eat bread? Why are you sad? Am I better to you than ten sons?
But if you are able to go, cheer up, and fight; for Yahweh will set you before your enemies; for with authority Yah will help, and with power he will overthrow.
Let my lips run with praise, For you have taught me your statutes.
Their horses are swifter than a dove, And they are stronger than the wolves in the evening. The horsemen are spread out, And the horsemen come from afar. They rush like eagles to get food.
Therefore Yahweh was very angry in the land, and put on him all the curses which were written in this book.
and tell them, Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: Behold, I will call my servant Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, and I will set his throne on the rock which is open; and he shall make a beautiful tent on the stone that is open.
All the nations are as nothing before him. They are a waste and a vain sight.
Moses and Aaron and the princes of the congregation gave the children of Kohath according to their families and their families,
It was on one Sabbath, and he was teaching in the synagogue.
Yahweh has given him a mighty salvation to the king whom he has consecrated; loving kindness to those who are anointed by him, to David and to his seed forever.
They sought a diatribe against him, that they might bring him to the governor for a testimony.
The children of Israel buried the bones of Joseph that they had brought up out of Egypt; and they buried them in Shechem, which Jacob bought with one hundred pieces of silver from the sons of Hamor, his father, for an inheritance to the children of Joseph.
for you are a holy people to Yahweh your God; and Yah, your God, has chosen you out of all the peoples who are on the earth to be his people.
But God is able to do it. He makes the threshold low, and raises it up.
Afterward Abraham buried Sarah his wife in the cave that is in the field of Machpelah, which is before Mamre (the same is Hebron).
Don't let anger trouble you, so that you are not satisfied. Don't walk in the ways of redemption for the price of redemption.
All the people ate and were filled; and they gathered up seven baskets of broken pieces that were left over.
Therefore all your precepts are right. I hate every false way.
Brace yourself like a man, and I will question you. Answer me.
My soul doesn't want to live. I will speak out loud of my complaint. The anguish of my heart will I speak.
But when the day comes, ask in my name, for I don't tell you that I will pray for you to the Father.
All the congregation shall judge him according to these ordinances: between him who kills and him who is avenged.
For if you have steadfast faith in the Lord, we may live.
The ruler shall compass the land for a circle, and compass it on its four sides. A circle shall compass it, and a circle.
Where then can you find wisdom? Where is the place of understanding?
because of the Chaldeans; for Ishmael the son of Nethaniah killed Gedaliah the sonof Ahikam, whom the king of Babylon had made governor over the land: therefore they were very afraid.
Though I am righteous, My mouth shall condemn my sin. Though I am blameless, He shall make known my provocation.
For you are all rushing to eat that which you have brought. Some are hungry, some are thirsty.
He brought me again to the door of the sanctuary which looks toward the east, which was shut.
You shall not rejoice in all the land of the Philistines, because he has cut off your staff; for out of the serpent shall forth forth forth a viper; and the fruit of it shall be a flying serpent.
Elisha's eyes were heavy on him, so that he was confounded: and the man of God held his peace.
Their eyes were opened, and he spoke to them in a parable, imploring them, Don't let this be known.
Now I beg you, brothers, through the love of our Lord Jesus Christ and the Holy Spirit, that you would pray with me,
You shall not be afraid of them; for Yahweh your God is a great and awesome God.
He is Yahweh our God. He is the judge of all the earth.
They uncovered his nakedness, and struck him with the edge of the sword; and they took his sons and his daughters, and made him a name among the women, because they had judged him.
How long shall my soul, and all my heart within me, be sorrowful all day long? Shall my enemies be exalted above me?
The priest shall burn them on the altar of burnt offering.
Yahweh spoke to Jeremiah in the house of the king of Judah, saying,
You shall make a basin of brass; and its base shall be of brass, to wash it: and you shall put it in the tent of meeting, and in the altar, and shall draw water therein.
I went also to the door of the spring of water, and to the king's pool: but there was not a place there for the horse that I might ride on.
David said, As Yahweh lives, surely God will strike him, and peradventure his days will come, or he will die in battle.
Now the rest of the acts of Rehoboam, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
For I will afflict the seed of David, But not forever.
Don't use the parable of shame, or of the impurity, but of thanksgiving.
Before he had heard it, his foolishness and his shame came to pass.
Whoever has a discharge in his garment or in his skin, he shall bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the evening.
A talker is not without disobedience, But one who keeps his lips is wise.
He said to them, This is what your enemy has done.' They said, Why do you want us to go and hang up the darnel?'
The cities of Aaron's sons were thirteen cities with their suburbs.
Yahweh has created the earth with his power. He has established the world with his wisdom. He stretches out the heavens with understanding.
Don't be afraid of the king of Babylon, of whom you are afraid, says Yahweh; for I am with you, and will save you out of his hand.
You shall do no manner of work; it shall be a statute forever throughout your generations in all your dwellings.
The false prophets are of the world, saying, The world is a little. Therefore the world listens to them.
He will cut off all the horns of the wicked. The horn of the righteous will be exalted.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies: I have great zeal for Zion; yes, I have worked great wrath for her.
Then your master will come and tell you, Give him a reward!' and you will be ashamed, and will go and sit in the lowest place.
For they didn't receive anything from the sight of the flesh, because they preached the Good News of Christ openly.
Why do we hear them speak according to the foolishness of our fathers who were born among us?
You will be glad and rejoice. Many will rejoice in his birth.
I always remember you. To you it is a matter of proportionality. For you have all been partakers of the grace of God, whether in prison, or in my testimony, at my testimony.
and when he sees it, he prays to the angels, and humbles himself; yes, he is wise in his own body, but in the flesh it is not profitable for him.
I will make man greater than pure gold, and men greater than the gold of Ophir.
It will happen in the days of trouble, That the sun will be darkened, And the moon will not give its light;
For the god of this world blinds the spirit of unbelief, so that they may not see the light of the Good News; and it illuminated the glory of Christ, the image of God.
Saul sent messengers to Jesse, saying, Send me David your son, the keeper of the sheep.
Rebekah also took delight in the beautiful clothing that Esau the firstborn had put in his house, and put on Jacob, her younger son,
They sow wheat and gather spelt; they labor in vain, and there is no profit: for the wrath of Yahweh is kindled against their increase.
He shall be to them as a wild donkey; and his hand shall be against all; and the hand of all will be against him; and he shall stand before all his brothers.
But Peter rose up, and the eleven, and cried with a loud voice, and said to them, Know this, you Jews, and you inhabitants of Jerusalem, and listen to me.
For the things which I dread come on me, And the things that I dread, on me.
Give thanks to the Lord of Armies, For his loving kindness endures forever.
Let the balances of justice be weighed. Let God know my integrity.
He put the head on a platter, and spread it on the breastplate, and she took it, and gave it to her mother.
behold, the days come, says Yahweh, that all that is in your house, and that which your fathers have stored up to this day, shall be taken and brought to Babylon; there shall be none remaining, says God.
There was dreamed that night me and he, and two men; and the dream of the children of our people was not told.
The meal offering of the priest shall be wholly burnt; it shall not be eaten.
To the God who brought Israel up out of Egypt; For his loving kindness endures forever:
Solomon went after Ashtoreth the queen of the Sidonians, and after Milcom the abominable spirit of the children of Ammon.
Therefore my heart sounds like Moab, and my heart like the singers of Kir Heres, because they have ceased.
Jesus said to her, Daughter, your faith has made you well. Go in peace.
The inner court was toward the south; and from gate to gate he measured southward one hundred cubits.
The singers gathered themselves together from the cities around Jerusalem, and from the villages of Neodephat,
I will make the arms of the king of Babylon strong, and will deliver my sword into his hand; and I will break Pharaoh's arms, and he shall cry before him as of a dead man.
Kings shall mourn, and the princes shall be desolate; and the hands of the people shall tremble: and I will deal with them according to their ways, and according to the judgment of their elders shall I judge them; and they shall know that I am Yahweh.
Yahweh spoke suddenly to Moses, Aaron, and Miriam, saying, Bring forth three men to the tent of meeting. They came forth three.
I will go to him who is lost. I will bring him back who was driven away; I will bind him up who was broken, and heal him who was sick; but the fat and the strong will I destroy, and I will feed them.
He went out of Tyre, and passed through the region of Sidon and Cenchreae, and came to the sea of Galilee.
They called together the priests and the Levites, and said to them, Go into the cities of Judah, and buy the house of your God from year to year: but make haste concerning this matter. The Levites made haste.
Then one man will take a cow and two rams.
Thus says Jephthah: The children of Israel have given no heed to the land of Moab, nor to the lands of the children of Ammon.
He said, Lord, I have fulfilled all that you commanded me, but now it is vanity.
Solomon planned to build a house for the name of Yahweh, and a palace for his kingdom.
gave his offering: one silver platter, the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekel, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering;
Every animal, every creeping thing, and every bird of the sky, of all that is on the surface of the earth, the nations went out in a great multitude.
But escape from foolishness, from strife of fathers' houses, and from the law; for all these things have no profit nor right.
They have made kings, and not from me; they have made princes, and I don't know them: they make idols of their silver and of their gold, and they are cut off.
Iron for their kings, And iron for their servants;
and it shall be for a memorial in the house of Yahweh in Helam, in Tobiah, and in Jahaziah, the son of Zephaniah, (the same is Josiah),
Therefore I will wail for the vine of Sibmah, And for the lamentation of the Jazerites; And I will cast you away with tears, Heshbon and Elisha, Because you have brought forth the fruit and the harvest with shouting.
and cast them into the furnace of fire, where they will lament and gnash the teeth.
Woe to you who have so much to do! For you are hungry! Woe to those who have too much to speak! for you are weeping and wailing.
So the earth became as a sealed heap, and all things were made as the appearance of a garment.
So my anger is turned, and I am comforted at the rebuke of them; and when I have spoken in their anger, they shall know that I, Yahweh, am blameless.
They sacrificed their sons and their daughters to demons,
I have come with the revelation of God. My desire is to set my heart on the Good News of the Gentiles, which I preached to them, that nothing should be gained of my now or of my former works.
For many will not obey, such as speak rashly, and deceivers, but who call the circumcision of Judea and Christ.
This is the small but great priest, who sits on the right hand of the throne of God in heaven,
Arise, go up to Zarephath of Sidon, and dwell there: behold, I have commanded you a widow to feed you.
The angel of Yahweh appeared to him in the flame of the bush. He saw the bush burning, and behold, there was no fire in it.
The word of Yahweh that came to Zechariah the prophet, the son of Belshazzar, in the twelfth month, on the fourteenth day of the month, which is the month Sebar, saying,
Therefore let's not be burdened with evil-doings, but with unleavened bread of truth.
Jehoiada died, being old and full of days. He was one hundred thirty years old when he died.
The throne of the whole earth, its scepter, and all its might, belongs to the saints of the Most High. His kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, and everyone who has dominion shall serve in it.
They turn again like thorns, Like wine and strong drink. Yet they will be burned like dry grass.
He said to the man, Stretch out your hand. He stretched out his hand, and immediately his hand was restored as the other hand.
and over against the wall of the court behind the court, and behind the separate place, and over against those who were in the house, the chambers.
He lived in the hill country of Ephraim, between Ramah and Bethel, under the palm trees of Deborah: and the children of Israel went to him, and were judged by him.
Out of the tribe of Issachar, Kishon with its suburbs, and Diblah with the suburbs,
Then the captain of the guard called Jeremiah, and said to him, Yahweh your God has spoken, to bring this evil on the land.
I will make a covenant with you in the day that you go forth out of Egypt. Don't be afraid, when my Spirit dwells among you.
He who doesn't send much, and doesn't boast in his offering, Is like a wind that doesn't rain.
I will give you hidden treasures and hidden treasures, that you may know that I, Yahweh, the God of Israel, have called you by your name.
This is the testimony of the eternal life which God has given us, which he has granted to his Son.
This came forth out of Israel, a work of a craftsman, and he is not God. The calf of Samaria will surely be broken in pieces.
There has been much vanity. What profit does it have to man?
Blessed be Yahweh your God, who has delight in you, that he set you on his throne, that you may reign for Yah, your God; for your God loves Israel, and loves him forever, to establish him: therefore he has made you king over them, to do justice and righteousness.
Why cry you for your hurt? your pain shall not be healed; for the greatness of your iniquity is great, and for the multitude of your sins many; therefore have I dealt with you.
Yes, they had ladies playing the prostitute, and they were saying to the river, Saul has killed thousands of them, and David has killed ten thousand.' Isn't this David?
He sees the earth, and it trembles. He touches the mountains, and they wax.
It happened in the seventh month, that Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, Elishama's son, who was a king's son-in-law, came with ten men to Mizpah to Gedaliah son of Ahikam; and they ate there.
Lift up your eyes, and see the four, and behold, they are gathered together to you. Your sons will come from far, and your daughters will be brought in.
He who has the plague of leprosy shall be torn in his garment, and his hair shall be cut off, and he shall cover the basin that is in his mouth, and shall cry, Be unclean, be unclean.
Moses, and Aaron, and all the congregation of the children of Israel, did to the Levites; according to all that Yahweh commanded Moses, so did Israel to them.
His cares shall fail. He shall trust in nothing.
It happened, when God had destroyed the seven tribes of Canaan, that he gave them the land for an inheritance, about four hundred fifty years.
This day you have seen with your eyes, and behold, Yahweh has delivered you into my hand this day in the cave; and I have cried to you; but I have loved you; I have said, I will not stretch out my hand on my lord; for he is an anointed of YahweH.
He gave them authority to cast out demons.
We made a statute for ourselves, that each man should receive a shekel of silver, to minister in the house of our God year by year,
He fell on his body, and fell on it, and lay on it; and he said to him, Don't be displeased, for you are alive.
Then I asked him, What are the two branches of the olive tree, and which holds the golden oil in both of them?
He makes the vapor fill the cloud, And causes the lightning to go forth out of the cloud.
Then the Gentiles and the Jews conspired together with their rulers against the apostles, to stone them with stones.
But if they will not pass over armed with you, then shall they inherit the land of Canaan.
Therefore thus says Yahweh, As for the prophets who prophesy in my name, I have not sent them; yet they have said that the land shall not be struck with the sword nor with the famine; whereas the prophets shall perish by the sword and by the famine.
A gracious speech from the man of pure heart shall the king be his friend.
He shall enter into the glorious land, and many nations shall make him to stumble; but Edom, Moab, and the honorable of the children of Ammon shall escape out of his hand.
But as for me, the secret shall be revealed to me, not that I am wiser than all living men, but that I should show it to the king, and that you may know the thoughts of your heart.
So I bought a belt, and girded up my waist according to the word of Yahweh.
Yahweh said to me in the reign of Josiah the king, Have you seen what Israel, the rebellious, has done? He has played the prostitute on all the high hills, and under every green tree.
For in the day that you eat, your eyes will be opened, And you will be as God was able to discern evil.
For God first chose, and then appointed to them the likeness of his Son, that his Son might be firstborn among many brothers.
Thus says the king, Blessed be Yahweh, the God of Israel, who has given me a man to sit on my throne this day, and I have seen it with my eyes.'
Moreover you sent messengers to those who were far off; and when they came to them, behold, they came: and you washed your body, and put out your eyes, and covered yourself with your clothing;
You shall speak to them, saying, As I live, says Yahweh, so shall I do to you whom you shall hear my words.
But I will return to him who sent me, and no one will say to me, Where are you going?'
All the people answered with a loud voice, and said, We will obey all that Yahweh says. Moses blessed the people.
The king of Israel called all the elders of the land, and said to them, Behold, this man seeks to harm me: he has sent to me to love my wife, children, and silver; I have not given him the time of his visitation.
Then the stars of the morning sang together, and all the children of God lifted up their voice.
Therefore the inhabitants of it are strong, they are dismayed and confounded: they are as the grass of the field, as green grass, as grass on the housetops, as stubble in the field.
With him is strength and majesty. He makes peace in his heights.
Abijah set in array forty thousand chosen men, all of them men of valor: and Jeroboam put in array eighty thousand mighty men from his army.
They shall be an abomination to you: you shall not eat of them; and you shall take nothing of them.
So David gave to Ornan for the field six hundred shekels of gold.
Remember your promise to your servant, For you gave me hope.
Jesus said to God, I will proclaim your name to my brothers, and will praise your name before the assembly.
The priest shall burn them on the altar for a burnt offering to Yahweh: it is a trespass offering.
Son of man, prophesy from the mountains of Israel, and say, Hear you the word of Yahweh, from the hills of Israel:
I have leveled you with blight, I have destroyed your fields, your vineyards, and your fig trees, and the olive trees; yet you haven't returned to me.
Then those who fear Yahweh said one to another, Behold, the ear is attentive, and the book of signs is written before him; for those who are afraid and remember his name.
Come to me, and help me; and let us go and strike Gibeon; for he has made peace with Joshua, and with Israel.
He set up the garrison in the land of Edom; and all the Edomites became servants to David: and Yahweh was on David wherever he went.
thirty milk cows in the midst of the herd, twenty cows, one hundred sheep, a female lamb a year old without blemish, and a fat house.
Now Moses was forty years old, and he thought to go to see his brothers, the children of Israel.
There is no god in heaven above, or in the earth beneath, as you kept the covenant, and loved your servants with all your heart, before you.
The fruit of the vine shall not be gathered after it is grown; neither shall the juice of the grapes be left to the poor and to the foreigner: I am Yahweh your God.
They shall be your ministers, and your ministers of tents: but don't come near to the vessels of the sanctuary, or to the altar, that they not die with you.
The length of the first floor, which was before the oracle, was forty cubits.
Or don't you know that we all have been raised together in Christ Jesus, in whom we also died?
The king said, Where is the son of your master? Ziba answered the king, He is still in Jerusalem; for he said, The children of Israel will restore me this day to the kingdom of my father.
The mountains will become pools of water, And the dry places a spring of waters. In the places where the jackals lie down, there will be grasshoppers, And mules, And ostriches.
Greet one another with a holy kiss. All the assembly of Christ greet you. Amen.
and he cut off Maacah his brother, because he had made him an abominable image in Asia. Asa cut down his image, and burned it by the brook Kidron.
their camels, four hundred thirty-five; their donkeys, six thousand one hundred twenty.
The first living creature was as a lion, and the second living creature as a calf; and the third living creature had the face of a man, and as the birds of the sky.
They sacrificed on the mountains, and burnt incense on the hills, and on the oaks, and under the boughs, because their shade was good: therefore your daughters played the prostitute, and your wives committed adultery.
Jesus stood before the governor. The governor said to him, Are you the King of the Jews? He answered him, You say.
Pour on, weep, let tears run down your eyes, And turn mourning into mourning, And gladness into sorrow.
Then all those who sat in the council took gold and silver, and looked at Stephen, and saw that his face was like the face of an angel.
As for the prophets, my heart grieved within me, and all my bones trembled: for the word of Yahweh and for his holy name I was as a drunken man, as one who is overcome by wine.
It shall be, when the princes have prophesied to the people, that you shall set the captains of the army over the people;
Sing aloud to God, all the earth!
The cry of Heshbon and of Elim came to Jabesh; therefore Moab caused the cry of the armed men to cease, and their heart trembled.
There passed by, and behold, he was dead; and I sought, but I didn't find him.
But if I say that I will forget my complaint, I will bring joy to my spirit;
They brought up all the holy vessels of Yahweh, the tent of meeting, and all the vessels of the Tent: and the priests and the Levites brought them up.
All the persons of all the congregation of Israel, according to their fathers' houses, all who are able to go out or come out to war in Israel from twenty years old and upward, shall you number.
Inasmuch as you desire men to do to you, so you also desire men.
When evil shall come on us, whether it be sword, or if it be sorcery, or pestilence, or famine, or any kind of trouble, we will stand before this house to make supplication to you; for your name is in this house, and you will hear our prayer and deliverance.
then hear from heaven, and from your dwelling place, and do according to all that the nations have asked of you, that all the peoples of the earth may know your name, and fear you, and your people Israel; and that they may know that the house which I have built is made of your name.
There is none who is so bold as to approach him. Who then can stand before me?
They went out from the council with joy, that they might be counted worthy of the name of the Lord.
Moses said to Yahweh,
Not so in all of these things, for we trust in our God in a perfect and holy place.
Samson thirsted, and cried to Yahweh, and said, Because you have worked a great salvation in the hand of your servants, why should I now die, and fall into the hands of uncircumcised men?
Ahijah was over the treasures of the house of Yahweh, and over the treasuries of the holy things.
The woman conceived, and bore a son; and when she saw that he was a child of the Most Holy One, she put him away three months.
As the prophets have said, The house which the Lord God didn't build in the hand of man,
Aaron ran as Moses had said, and came into the assembly; and behold, the plague was in the midst of the people; and he put incense on them, and made atonement for the people.
For Bezek in the plain of the wilderness, for the Reubenites; Lahbud in Gilead, for Gittites; and Conon in Bashan, For the Manassites.
For the fortified cities shall be desolate, and the waste houses like the wilderness; and the calves shall feed there, and lie down there; and those who till the timber shall eat it.
All the people, even the men who were with him, came near to the city, and encamped on the north of the city: and there was a valley between him and the city.
When you shall come to the land which Yahweh your God gives you for an inheritance, and shall possess it, and dwell therein;
There is no table. Everyone walks in straight paths, and when he meets a spear, he doesn't flee from it.
Then came there a prophet to Ahab king of Israel, and said, Thus says Yahweh, Have you seen a great multitude? behold, I will deliver them into your hand today, and you shall know that I am God.
For you are glad and rejoice, Babylonians, who have taken away my inheritance; for you have loved and gone away mourning, as the shepherds of the grain, and as the young bulls of the field.
Don't deceive yourself. God is not to be deceived. Man will reap what he sows.
You shall not bring him to the city of refuge, to cause him to die before the priest, and to dwell in his land.
Destroy them, Lord, and break their words; For I have seen violence and strife in a city.
For God will establish between sin and innocence in your words.
But the righteous shall rejoice. They shall rejoice in God. Yes, they shall be glad in his sight.
He said to them, Take heed to what you hear. You measure by what measure you measure, and God measure you with the same measure, so that you will be added to him.
I will take the scepter of Samaria, and the ark of the house of Ahab, and put them on Jerusalem; and I will ride on it seven times, and seven times I will come to Jerusalem.
Elisha said to him, What will I do to you? You told me. What is your house? The widow said, There is but a measure of oil in the house of your handmaid, and there is nothing else.
For when you first walked among these, you were also among these.
There is a body of heaven above, and there is the body of the earth; but the light of the body, and the light from the earth, is not like that of heaven.
For all this my eye is still on them, that I should not destroy them, nor consume them in the wilderness.
and the border went down to the river Kanah, on the south of the river, between the cities of Manasseh, which are Ephraim; and the border of the land went out northward, and went out toward the sea.
For they have set a snare in the midst of the pit, and have dug a pit to take away my life.
Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! For you have come to bring a man into the innermost parts of the earth, and to the ends of the sea. But when the man comes in, you have made him to be a deceiver more than you.
It happened in the second year of Darius, in the ninth month, that the word of Yahweh came to Zechariah the prophet, the son of Belshazzar, the father of Iddo, saying,
They utter proudly their words. All the workers of iniquity are conformed to them.
I have destroyed the Amorites from before them; they are grown up as cedars, and mighty as fir trees; yet I have consumed the fruit of them above, and the root of them beneath.
The children of captivity did so: and Ezra the priest and the heads of fathers' houses were of those who were mentioned by name by these divisions: they sat down together in the tenth month, to observe this.
That your praise may be heard, And that you may declare all your wondrous works.
Serv Yahweh with a joyful heart. Sing praises before him.
Therefore love the foreigner, for you also lived as aliens in the land of Egypt.
They said, We will not drink wine; for Jonadab the son of Rechab, our father, commanded us, saying, You shall never drink wine, you nor your seed,
But Jesus didn't leave the priesthood to another, for he lives.
They divided my garments by lot, And cast lots for my clothing.
You were made bondservants of righteousness through sin.
I testify that he labored very much for you, and for those who are in Laodicea and in Greece.
Don't give to the animals a gentle spirit. Don't forget the life of the poor forever.
As for man, his days are like grass, And his riches like the flower of the field,
He made the lampstand of pure gold; its base and its pillars, its cups, its branches, and its flowers, of beaten work.
Men cry aloud because of many oppressions; Men cry for the oppression of the oppressor.
Yahweh answered the angel who talked with me with good words and with gentle words.
Behold, I have shown this to them, says Yahweh; and I will make them know my greatness and my might: and they shall know that my name is Yahubah.
Yahweh said to Moses, Don't be afraid of them; for I have delivered him, and all his multitude, and his land, into your hand: deal with him as you have dealt with Sihon king of the Amorites, who lived in Heshbon.
Jesus answered them, You said, Yes, but I tell you that from now on you will see the Son of Man sitting at the right hand of the Almighty, and the clouds of the sky descending.
In the second year of Asa king of Judah began Nadab the son of Jeroboam to reign over Israel; and he reigned two years over Israel.
You have seen, Yahweh; for you have watched, for malice, and for jealousy, to bring back your hand. No one has entrusted himself to you; but you have helped the fatherless.
Most assuredly I tell you, there was not a man greater than John the Baptizer, the onlyborn in the Kingdom of Heaven, who is greater than he.
If evil has struck suddenly, He scorns those who are innocent.
and you shall teach them this to your children: whether you sit in your house, or walk by the way, whether you sleep, or rise;
He who deals graciously with the wicked shall not learn righteousness: in the place of uprightness he shall commit iniquity, and shall not regard the majesty of Yahweh.
Nab answered David's servants, Who is David? Who is the son of Jesse? Many of them had rebelled against their master.
For the Holy One has died, because you rebelled against God.
The screen for the gate of the court was of the work of the embroiderer, of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen: the length of it was twenty cubits; and the height of it five cubits, round about the court.
Moses said, The people who walk with me are six hundred thousand, and you have said, I will give them flesh, that they may eat until one month.'
As those who reap reap reap, And pluck the tops of their hands; As those who gather in the valley of Rephaim reap.
The commanding officer came and arrested Paul, and bound him with two chains of iron, and asked him who he was, and what had been done.
Ben Hadad and the kings were drinking wine in the tents; and when they heard these words, they said to his servants, Come up against me! and they came up against the city.
So I also will pass many empty months, And a night of fasting will be on me.
For who was angry with him forty years? Didn't they sin, and die in the wilderness?
After these things, God tested Abraham, and called him, and said, Abraham. He answered, Here I am.
Yahweh spoke to Aaron, saying,
I have made a covenant with you, as with my father, and as with your father; and I have given you silver and gold: now therefore, please put away the covenant that you made with Baasha king of Israel, that he should depart from me.
Not so with the wicked; For he sweeps away the wind like a chaff.
For it will happen after many years, that I will return to the way that I came from.
Therefore speak to the children of Israel, and tell them, I am Yahweh; and I will bring you out of the burdens of the Egyptians, and will deliver you from their service which they have given you: and with a stretched out hand and a great judgment I will redeem you.
Yahweh answered his people, Behold, I will give you grain and new wine and oil, and you shall be satisfied; and I will no more be a reproach to you among the nations.
They don't answer, they don't speak with words.
For I have declared to you all the will of God.
those who were armed for war, beyond the Jordan eastward, the Reubenites, the Gadites, and the half-tribe of Manasseh, with all their weapons, took one hundred twenty thousand.
In like manner, be with your wives, and join yourselves to them, even as they are weak in the flesh: honor them, for they also have the right to inherit the grace of life with you. Therefore there is no end to your prayer.
Some of those who were possessed by demons or were sick with various diseases were with them, among whom was Mary Magdalene. He threw out from her seven demons.
Or perhaps they will not gather wood from the field, nor cut timber from the forest; for they shall kindle a fire with the weapons of war; and they shall take the spoil of them, and the prey of those who prey on them, says the Lord Yahweh.
and he didn't inquire of Yahweh: therefore he killed him, and gave his kingdom to David the son of Jesse.
For this cause I have heard your faith in the Lord Jesus, and your love to all the saints,
By faith, Moses didn't turn away from the king's anger, and from Egypt, as a man who sees things that are not seen: therefore he delayed, and refused to return.
As Ebah made the serpent to deceive, I wondered if your understanding also would be deceived, that you would reject the unity and truth of Christ.
Noah did so, according to all that Yahweh commanded him.
He said to him, Simon, son of Jonah, do you love me more than these? Peter was grieved because he had said this to him. He said to Jesus, Lord, you know all that I have affection for you. He told him, Feed my sheep.
Behold, all the people's labor is consumed with fire. Isn't all their labor in vain, the labor of the nations in vain? says Yahweh of Armies.
If they say, Come up to us; then we will go up; for Yahweh has delivered them into our hand. This word shall be for a witness against us.
and that they may know that Yahweh doesn't save by his sword, nor by his spear; for the work of war is with Yah, and he will deliver you into our hand.
Behold, a voice came out of heaven, like a great wind, filled the whole house where they sat.
In the thirty-seventh year of Azariah king of Judah began Manasseh the son of Gadi to reign over Israel in Samaria, and reigned ten years.
You shall be ministering to the sanctuary, and your ministers to the altar, that there not be wrath on the children of Israel.
These were the three sons of Noah, who filled the earth with their children from their children.
neither steal; but show the proof of the faith, that you may glorify God our Savior in every place.
In the street, in the public squares, In the broad places, At every bay.
You shall drive out your enemies, And they shall fall by the sword before you.
Joshua struck king Amalek with the edge of the sword, and all his people.
Now therefore, you rich ones, listen, and weep, for your troubles are near.
Saul said, I have sinned: now therefore, please let me go again before the elders of my people, and before the children of Israel, that I may worship Yahweh your God.
When the Gentiles heard all these things, they rejoiced, and glorified the word of God. They became saints, as many as were chosen by God to live forever.
All the people passed over the Jordan, and the king also passed over. The king kissed Barzillai, and blessed him; and he went to his own place.
But I pray to Yahweh, when I am accepted. Answer me, God, according to your abundance of loving kindness, According to your truth's salvation.
Until the door of the king's house is shut, for whoever is covered with sackcloth shall not enter into his king's gate.
Jesus said to them, The will of him who sent me is faithful, and his work is my food.
As it is written, I don't favor Jacob, Neither do I favor Esau.
Behold, these are those who are in the synagogues of Satan, yes, they are Jews, but they speak lies; and I will bring them down at your feet, and will make them know that I love you.
The king lifted up his golden rod to Esther, and she stood up before the king, and said,
Joshua stood besides the twelve stones that stood in the midst of the Jordan, where the priests who bore the ark stood; and the stones were yet there to this day.
God is faithful, who called you to himself, and to his Son, Jesus Christ our Lord;
Yahweh said to Moses, I will blot out the name of Amalek from under the sky. Write this thing in a book for a memorial, and speak it in the ears of Joshua.
He said, Bring a morsel of flour. He put the morsel in the pot, and said, Pour it out, that they may eat. The pot was not profitable.
All the merchants of this city stood far away, mourning and wailing, because they had seen the evil that was done in the city.
For there are many things, and there is a multitude of languages, but fear Yahweh.
But Job said to her, Why do you speak as the foolish women speak? If we have blessed Yahweh, will we not have evil? Job didn't sin at his mouth in all this.
This sword was given for the light, that it might be given to the hand to light; and it was given in its place, to give light into the hand of the slain.
Samuel answered, For peace, I will sacrifice to Yahweh. Cleanse yourselves, and come with me. Samuel purified Jesse and his sons, and called them clean.
Give to man, and you will receive; and you shall give to man the cup of fullness: and let him sun and brimstone be baked, and they shall be poured on your garments; for with whatever measure you measure, it will be measured to you.
Yahweh, I know the way of man, and it is not from himself. He who walks in the way can't choose his own steps.
those who were numbered of them, of the tribe of Zebulun, were thirty-five thousand four hundred.
If the life of our father is in jeopardy, and the lives of this child be irrevocable, then I will return to your servant my father, and if the child isn't with us;
Likewise in the day of the flood, when the waters were not stayed, So also were the long-suffering women.
He made a robe of fine linen, and blue, purple, scarlet, and fine twined linen, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
You shall make a breastplate of it, and put the Urim and the Thummim in it.
and the fourth row a jacinth, an agate, and an amethyst; all of them were of gold.
They went out, and came into the city, and found all that Jesus had spoken, and they prepared the Passover.
They tell you, in the Sabbath, some of those who walk blamelessly in things which they don't know, and they love other men's faith.
When the old man lifted up his eyes, and saw that the guests were in the street of the city, he said to him, Where are you from? where are you going?
Don't delight the wicked, Yahweh. Don't let their counsels go astray, So that they may be exalted. Selah.
When the day of the death of Israel drew near, he called Joseph his son, and said to him, If now I have found favor in your eyes, put your hand under my thigh, and swear to me that you will not kill me with loving kindness and truth in Egypt.
Adonijah was afraid for Solomon, and rose up, and went to the horns of the altar.
He answered, I will give him some bread, and the man is he. He gave him one cake, and gave it to Judas the son of Simon the Canaanite.
The faithful servant, Tychicus, our beloved, will tell you both things and my opinion.
So they cast lots, and drew lots for Jonah. They said to him, Tell us, for whose cause has this evil happened to us? and what have you done? where have you come from? and where is your place? and who are your relatives?
to cleave to him who made us free from sin, that we might be joined to him for the righteousness of God;
Now I tell you what I will do to my vineyard. I will tear the strips of cloth from off it, and they shall be devoured; and I will break down the walls, and take them away.
Behold, your words shall be swift, and when they are swift they shall know that there have been prophets among them.
His bones are full of the strength of his youth, But he shall lie down with him in the dust.
The children of Eleazar, and the children of Ithamar, by lot, didn't part one another in the lot; but some were princes in the sanctuary, and some in the presence of God.
Saul said to Jonathan, Tell me what you have done. Jonathan said, Most assuredly I have cast a worm in my hand, and it has leavened my taste; and shall I die?
This is love according to the commandment of God. This commandment you have heard from the beginning.
I brought forth your fathers out of Egypt, and you came into the sea; and the Egyptians pursued after your fathers in their chariots and in horsemen, to the Red Sea.
He made the poles of acacia wood, and overlaid them with brass.
When he had conferred with the Gentiles, and had tasted their doings,
But he was full of grace and works, doing great wonders and signs among the people.
Then they brought in the paralytic, that they might bring him in before Jesus.
Then the princes of Moab arose, and returned to Balak, and said, Balaam won't come with us.
He went with his disciples to a place called Gennesaret. He said to his disciples, Sit here, until I come and pray.
Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel: Thus shall you tell the king of Judah who sent you to me, saying, Behold, the men who came forth to help Pharaoh's army return to the land of Egypt.
I write to you, Titus, in the faith of our Christ. Grace to you and peace from God our Father and Christ Jesus our Savior.
But afterward I will bring back the captivity of the children of Ammon, says Yahweh.
You have made your palaces in the garden of Eden God, of ruby, and topaz, and gold, and purple, and ebony, and coral, and scarlet, and precious stones, and pearls, and pomegranates, and emeralds; in the day that you were created, you did make them.
Moses went up into the cloud, and Moses stayed on the mountain forty days and forty nights.
So that, if you love one another, they will know that you are my disciples.
There will be no darkness, nor light from the lamp, nor the light of the sun; for the Lord God will give them light, and they will reign forever.
and a tenth part of an ephah of fine flour mingled with the fourth part of a hin of oil for a meal offering.
There is Assyria, and all her people; their graves are round about them; all of them slain by the sword.
As for all the wicked neighbors, who have profaned the heritage of my people Israel, thus says Yahweh, Behold, I will drive them out of their land, and I will cast out the house of Judah from among them.
Then the princes were angry with Jeremiah, and struck him, and put him in the house of Jonathan the scribe, because they had made him a yoke.
He will judge the world in righteousness, And the peoples in justice.
and all your food that I give you, and your salutations, and the oil and the honey, which I have given you, you shall set before them for a sweet savor, even so you shall do, says the Lord Yahweh.
His lord said, It is better that we not turn into the cities of the Gentiles, which are not of the children of Israel; than that we should pass over to Gibeah.
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old everyone who entered into the service, for work in the Tent of Meeting.
He threw a sickle on the earth, and plucked up the grapes of the earth. He threw the grapes into the fierceness of the winepress of the wrath of God.
From there Yahweh your God will gather you, and from there he will bring you up again, whoever you have driven out.
At what instant I shall speak concerning a nation, or concerning a kingdom, to establish and to plant;
If he will be pleased with you, your blessing will be on him; but if not, send for the blessing of him who has received you.
He said, Beware! Don't be deceived, for many will come in my name, saying, I am the Christ,' and, The hour is at hand.' Don't follow them.
Now after this the Moabites and the children of Ammon came together, and the Mizpahites to fight against Jehoshaphat.
Yahweh said to him, Take me a young bull, a young goat, a lion, a ram, a male lamb a year old, and a young pigeon.
They reasoned among themselves, saying, We brought no bread. What does he say then?
He who sins is against the devil, for the devil trespassed from the beginning, and the destruction of the work of the Son of God is against him.
You shall break down every fortified city, and every beautiful city; you shall cut down every good tree, and you shall make the springs of water to cease, you shall strike every good field with stones.
You have sent out your majesty, and have overthrown those who rise up against you. You have sent forth your wrath, and burned them as grass.
They are swift to depart from the way which I have commanded them; and they have built them a calf, and have come down and worshiped it, and offered sacrifices to it, saying, This is the god who brought you up out of the land of Egypt.
Our refuge and our strength. God is our help in times of trouble.
As they were drinking, his mother said to him, They have no wine.
We hope for peace, but there is no good. We hope for a time of healing, but fear.
The fig tree answered, Should I leave my tender and good fruit, and go to wave back and forth over all the trees?
I have told you my ways. You answer me. Teach me your statutes.
If a man unwittingly sins, he shall offer for a sin offering a female goat a year old.
Didn't Hezekiah break the high places of Yahweh, and his altars, and charge Judah and Jerusalem, saying, Worship before this altar, and burn incense on it?'
For he was not an angel, but Abraham's seed.
There were eight boards, and ten sockets of silver; and two sockets under each board.
In the fourth month, in the ninth day of the month, the famine was sore in the city, so that there was no bread for all the people of the land.
Jesus, perceiving in himself that the disciples were murmurers concerning this, said to them, Are these words against you?
Yahweh will do to them as he did to the two kings of the Amorites, Sihon and Og, and their land.
Rehoboam took ten wives and sixty concubines; and he bore twenty sons and sixty daughters: but he loved Maacah the daughter of Absalom more than all the wives and fowls.
Declare you in Judah, and publish in Jerusalem: Sound you alarm in the land, and cry out, Gather yourselves together, that we may enter into fortified cities;
There you shall serve the gods of the hands, which are wood and stone; which can't see, nor hear, neither eat, nor taste;
Before the fled man came, it happened at the evening time, that the hand of Yahweh was on me, and he opened my mouth. It happened in the morning, that when the man came to me, my mouth was opened, and I was mute no more.
David danced before Yahweh with all his might: and David made the ephod of fine linen.
Sing aloud to Yahweh, all the earth! Sing praises to him with a loud voice!
A voice roars in the wilderness, Make ready the way for the Lord, Make his paths straight.
But I have spoken these things to you in the time to come, that you may remember that I also told you. I have not told you these things at the first, because I am with you.
He has burnt incense to the Baals; yes, he has consecrated himself with his earrings and with other instruments, and has gone after his lovers; he has forgotten me: therefore will I consecrate him, says Yahweh.
The Philistines pursued after Saul and his sons; and the Philists killed Jonathan, and Abinadab, and Malchishua, the sons of Saul.
For the idols of the house speak lies, And the diviners despise vanity; And vanity brings trouble: Therefore they go astray like sheep, And suffer distress because of the shepherds.
David said, Yahweh, the God of Israel, surely your servants have heard that Saul desired to come to Keilah, to destroy it for my sake.
Why have you brought us forth out of Egypt, to bring us into this evil land? There is no place to sow, nor fig tree, nor grapes, nor pomegranates, nor water to drink.
Now, behold, they recompense us, to drive us out of your inheritance, which you gave to us to inherit it.
So they took him, and threw him down to the pit; and the pit was dry, and there was no water therein.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Therefore let us therefore be in the same mind, that whoever is of the truth may be revealed to you, even if you have no other mind.
You shall speak in the presence of Yahweh your God, and say, I have received the holy things out of my house, and have given them to the Levite, to the foreigner, the fatherless, and the widow, according to all your commandment which you have commanded me: you shall command me that I shall not sin, nor forget.
If you offer a lamb for an offering, then you shall offer it before Yahweh.
the pure lampstand with its lamps, to stand before the oracle;
Therefore will I do to this house which you trust, which is called by my name, and to the land which I give to you and to your fathers, as I have done to Shiloh.
All the living creatures of the mountain, which Yahweh God has made, are male. The serpent said to the woman, Should God say, You shall not eat of all the trees of the garden?
At about that time the king of the Hebrews laid his hand on all the assembly,
If there be strife within your gates, if it be because of blood, or because of potteries, or for any kind of burning, in which you don't know how to judge; then you shall rise up, and go to the place which Yahweh your God shall choose.
When I offered the evening sacrifice, I arose from my sleep, and tore my clothes, and put them on my feet, and lifted up my hands to Yahweh my God, and said,
I regard my fellow citizen, my flesh and bones. If it is for them, let me be forsaken. Let me live in Christ, and I will gladly accept it.
It happened, when he was about to defile the temple, that we took him; and we tried to judge him according to our own law.
Then Joshua called all Israel, their elders, their heads, their judges, and their officers, all of them: and he said to them, I am old and well stricken in years.
But let him who is shut up be shut up, even as you are shut up.
and whoever hears the sound of the trumpet, and is not warned, the sword shall devour him, and his blood shall be on his head.
The nations shall see your righteousness, and the kings your glory; and you shall be called by the new name, which Yahweh has called with his mouth.
In that day, they shall come from Assyria to the cities of Egypt, from the river to the sea, from one mountain to another mountain; from one hill to another hill shall they come.
When he heard that Jesus was come out of Judea into Galilee, he begged him to go down to Capernaum to his son, for his son was dying.
The four angels, when they had had their release, were warming themselves, and preparing for that day, and that month, and the year, that they would come and kill the third part of the body.
Moreover you shall have many craftsmen, and stone cutters, and skilled in all manner of workmanship, that you may do every work.
and the border shall go down from Sihon to Riblah on the east of Aijalon, and go down to the sea of Chinneroth eastward;
How long, then? Do you think the potter to be like the clay? Do the things of the world make themselves known to his Maker, saying, He has not made me; or the things that are done, Do they say, He is not understanding?'
For I am not counted as you are, nor as my near kinsmen, but as my friends, and as my deacons.
They struck all the cities of Gerar round about; for Yahweh made them afraid: and they took all their cities; for they had much spoil in them.
and the name of the third was Dibrizim, which is on the east of Assyria; and the number of the fourth was Jephthah.
As he was eating, Boaz said to him, Come, eat bread, and make beds with your bread. He sat down on the heap of reeds; and he gave him some of the best wheat. He ate, and was left. He arose, and went to glean.
Oh that the salvation of Israel would come out of Zion! When Yahweh brings back his people, Then Jacob will rejoice, And Israel will be glad.
On the top of the pillars were pillars of brass, five cubits high; and the overlaying of the capitals round about were network and pomegranates; all of them of brass. The second pillar had overlaying.
I will establish the house of Judah, and will save Joseph's house; and I will bring them again, because I have mercy on them. They will be to them as I have not rejected; for I am Yahweh their God. I will love them.
My people shall live by faith, but if he does anything rash, I will not be favorable to him.
Though there are gold and precious stones, Yet the lips of those who have knowledge are a precious treasure.
If it is good in the year, and if it isn't, then cut it off.'
It shall be for Aaron and his sons an everlasting portion to the children of Israel; for it is a wave offering. They shall be wave offerings to Yahweh out of the peace offerings of Israel, among whom they offer the wave offerings.
If there be found with any woman a man or a woman of her husband, the man and the woman shall surely be put to death: so shall you put away the evil from the midst of Israel.
For apart from Jesus, there is no salvation for us, because God has not given any name among the people, that we might be saved by it.
Your eyes are the lamp of the body. If your eyes were gold, then your whole body would be light; But if your eye were blood, you would be darkness.
The survivors are gathered together, and stand before Heshbon: but the fire is gone forth from Heshmon, and the flame from Sihon, and it has devoured all the region of Moab, and on the heads of the governors.
I, Daniel, have seen the vision, and desired to understand it. Then stood before me a man in the likeness of a man.
For the Scripture says, My brothers, You shall not swear by heaven or by earth, or by anything that is in it: It says, Yes,' and it says, No,' that you won't be judged by God.
I have led them captive among the nations, and gathered them together to their own land, and left none of them there; and they shall know that I am Yahweh their God.
Don't be far from me, Yahweh. Come quickly to help me, God, my strength.
It happened in the morning, that Pharaoh's heart was not merry; and he sent and called all the enchanters and the wise men out of Egypt; and Pharaoh told them the dream which he had dreamed: but there was no man who could show Pharaoh the interpretation.
Simon Peter answered, Lord, who are you, that we should follow?
Consider my wickedness, whether it is good or bad. Lead me in the way of life forever.
For, behold, it is my beloved's voice. Behold, he comes, and he rests on the mountain, and prays on the sand.
It happened in the eleventh year, in the first month, on the seventh day of the month, that the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
A voice shall be heard to the end of the earth, for Yahweh shall contend with the nations; and all flesh shall be at peace with them; and the wicked, he shall deliver them to the sword. I, even I, have spoken it.
He had seven sons and three daughters.
I will also boast, if there are so many who are busybodies.
Now Hannah's heart was mute, and her lips were mute, so that they could not hear: therefore Eli was taken as a drunken man.
You ought not to stand by the way of those who fled in the midst of them; neither should you give over the remnant of them to the adversary in the day of their calamity.
The seed of his servant will inherit the land. Those who love him will dwell in the midst of it.
The cities of the rest of the families of the sons of Kohath were ten thousand with their suburbs.
Is it good for man to seek God? Yes, it is good for him to seek himself.
It happened, after Rachel had borne Joseph, that Jacob said to Laban, Send me away, that I may go to my own place, my own country.
and silver and gold that the king and his counselors desired to offer to the God of Israel, who dwells in Jerusalem;
and they shall keep all my commandments which I command you, and remember that I have been with you forever, even to the end of the world.
He shown him all the nakedness of his heart, and said to him, There has not been a head cut off from my head; for from my mother I became a Nazirite: if you take me up, my strength shall depart from me, and I shall be weak as another man.
He who overcomes shall be clothed in white; and I will not blot out his name from the book of life; but I will confess his name before my Father, and before his angels.
Everyone of you greetings from his brothers. Greet one another with a holy kiss.
Israel said, Why have you devised this thing against me, that you should tell him that you are still alive?
You will strike them with a rod of iron, shattering them like a bottle of wine.
If I ascend into heaven, there you are. If I lay in Sheol, there are you.
When Rachel heard the voice, and the weeping and the lamentations, Rachel wept for her children. She would not be comforted, for they were all dead.
Joseph's brothers, when they saw that his father loved Joseph, hated Joseph, and didn't speak peaceably to him.
Then Ahimelech answered the king, Who is like David among your servants? He is the king's son-in-law, and your tutor, and honorable in your house.
Doesn't the field, which he shall sow, always bring forth? Or does it always bring up a reed to bear its dust?
David also took Ahinoam the Jezreelite: and they were his two wives.
Moses brought forth the people out of the camp to meet God; and they all stood on the mountainside.
He shall kill him on the north side of the altar before Yahweh: and Aaron's sons the priests shall sprinkle his blood on the altar round about.
His daughter's name was Seerah. She built Beth Horon, and those who were at Beth Horlon, and Uzziah.
Paul, a prisoner of Christ Jesus. To Timothy our brother, a letter to Philippi our beloved,
You have sown wickedness, and have dealt in iniquity; you have eaten deceitfully: for you trust in your own ways, and in the company of your mighty men.
Moses and Aaron fell before all the assembly of Israel.
How is a nation divided against itself, And a people divided against themselves for vanity?
knowing that, while he desired to receive the blessing, he would not receive it, because he didn't seek the will of his father, that he might seek it out, and ask diligently, and not be blessed.
The burden of Tyre. Wail, you ships of Tarshish; for Tyre is laid waste, and there is no house, nor man to go in. News is told from the land of Kittim.
The Jews therefore said, He said, Where I am going, you can't come,' and, Where he is going, shall he be hanged?'
and with you I will break in pieces young men and virgin women; and with you will I break down the shepherds and his flocks: and with your will I broke in pieces the farmer and his herd; and the king and his princes with you.
I will bring you into the wilderness of the Gentiles, and there I will judge you.
The high priest said, Are these the things?
For the Lord made the army of the Syrians to hear the voice of chariots and the noise of horses, even a great army. They said one to another, Behold, the king of Israel is come to us, and the kings of the Hittites, and those of the Egyptians.
His division, and those who were numbered of them, were fifty-nine thousand three hundred.
Behold, there was a great earthquake, and the foundations of the prison were shaken, and all the doors of the prisons were opened, and every man's foot was broken.
The seven priests who bore the seven trumpets of rams' horns went before the ark of Yahweh continually, blowing trumpets; and the armed men went before them, and the priests followed the trumpets continually, sounding trumpets.
Most assuredly I tell you, the law will not be abolished until the day that heaven and earth are no more.
The king of Egypt said to them, Moses and Aaron, why do you make the people bear their burdens? now therefore come and do your work.
having been instructed in the Holy Spirit, knowing that after his death he will see the promise of the Lord.
Let him who is a father not provoke his children to anger, that he may not cause their heart to melt.
For a drink offering he made half a hin of wine, an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor to Yahweh.
Behold, they go into exile for evil. The Egyptians shall gather them, and the Moabites shall bury them. With the money they shall do nothing. In the habitation of their tents they shall cause stubble.
I am a Jew, born at Tarsus in Galilee, and the chief of the disciples who are in Jerusalem, and in the kingdom which is here, who have been taught in the law by our fathers zealously serving God.
When he had spoken to the twelve, he departed from there, and went into the city, and taught and preached the Good News.
Now there was a certain centurion, and he was sick of fever, and was dying.
Yahweh said to Moses, Tell Aaron, Take your rod, and stretch out your hand over the waters of Egypt, over their rivers, and over their streams, over every flowing stream; that they may be turned into blood throughout all the land of Egypt: every vessel that is in the field, and every stone, shall be blood.
Jesus, perceiving their evil thoughts, said, Why do you test me, you hypocrites?
Jeremiah said to Zedekiah, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Armies, the house of Israel: If you go forth to the king of Babylon's princes, then your life shall live; and this city shall not be burned with fire, but you shall live, you and all your house.
King David's heart was urgent to remember Absalom; for Amnon was dead, and he was comforted.
This is the letter that I wrote to you, my faithful brother, concerning the true grace of God, which I testify to you. Stand on this grace.
The world is destroyed before Yahweh. The world is full of violence.
Take with your hand great stones, and lay them up in a mortar in the midst of the pit, which is before Pharaoh's house, in the presence of the children of Judah;
He took the new garments which he had put on, and tore them in twelve pieces.
Moreover the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Isaac was old, and his eyes were dim; and he called Esau his firstborn, and said to him, My son. He said, Here I am.
Joshua said, Take great stones to the mouth of the cave, and set men there, and keep them;
Delilah said to Samson, Tell me, Please, where is your strength? Why should you bind you, that you may be in distress?
One of the lawyers stood up, testing him, saying, Teacher, what shall I do to inherit eternal life?
Jonathan took his weapons in his hand, and made all the feet of his armor stand on their feet, and went after him: and the Philistines fell down before Jonathan, and took the weapons after him, and killed them.
Depart from evil, and do good. Seek peace with all your heart.
yet they tested the Most High, and rebelled against him, not keeping his testimonies.
The sons of the prophets said to Elisha, Behold, we are ewe with you in our dwellings,
It happened, when the days of the feast were fulfilled, that Job sent to them, and sanctified them; and they rose up early in the morning, and offered the burnt offering according to all the people; for Job said, It may be that my son has sinned, and has rejected Yahweh in his heart. He did so continually.
He said, You shall love God with all your heart, with your whole soul, and with your neighbor as yourself. This is more than offering burnt offerings and sacrifices.
For he is sullen. He shall not live, neither shall he die, because of all his transgressions which he has committed.
Open your doors, Lebanon, That the fire may devour your cedars.
He shall sprinkle some of its blood on the altar seven times, purifying it from the uncleanness of the children of Israel, and sanctifying it.
Now John was not yet put into prison.
You light up Sehbuth your king, and your image, the stars of your gods, which you have made for yourselves.
Behold, this man says to destroy the temple, and he rises up within three days: deliver yourself now. If you are the Son of God, come down from the cross.
In his hand is all the life of all creation, The breath of man.
So the king sat in his place by himself, even by the side of the wall: and Jonathan stood; and Abner was by Saul's side, and the place of David was empty.
Then the whole encampment was hushed up. One cried out, and the multitudes didn't know what was going on.
They said, Doesn't Yahweh speak with Moses? Hasn't he spoken with us? This was the word which YahWEH heard.
Yahweh, the God of heaven, the great and awesome God, keep covenant and love with those who love him and obey his commandments.
He made a turban of pure gold, and a pomegranate of gold: and he put it on the hem of the robe around the robe, in the midst of it.
Moses spoke to the children of Israel, and they gave him the rod: and he gave it to him according to the princes of their tribes, twelve rods; and Aaron's rod was among the rods.
Confirm your word to your servant, When he fears you.
Again he sent out the third, and they also beat him, and threw him out.
Because they didn't listen to the voice of Yahweh their God, and had rebelled against his covenant, as Moses the servant of God commanded them, they would not listen again.
In the sixth year of Darius the king began to build the house in the month Adar, which is the third month.
That you may be satisfied with good things, That you may return to your youth like eagles.
These are the names of the foreign women who were brought in among the sons of the priests, the house of Jeshua, the son of Jehozadak, and his brothers Maaseiah, Eliezer, Jabad, and Gedaliah.
Their horses were seven hundred thirty-six; their mules, two hundred forty-five;
Jael stretched out his hand, and took the lampstand, and his right hand the staff of the workmen; and he struck Sisera through his head, and pierced through his temples.
Behold, there I am. I see the great vision, and there is no strength in my flesh; yes, the face of my face is turned upside down, so that it is not able to stand.
You shall love Yahweh your God with all your heart, and with your whole soul, and in all your strength.
Hear my prayer, Yahweh of Armies. Listen, God of Jacob. Selah.
He charged them, and said to them, Tell my lord Esau, This is what your servant Jacob says: I have lived as a foreigner in Laban to this day.
But Jesus answered them, Blessed is he who hears God's word, and keeps it.
When iniquity is brought forth, sin immediately dies.
Then all those who call on the name of the Lord will be saved.
It happened, when the day that the king had appointed to bring them in was come, that the prince of the eunuchs brought them in before Nebuchadnezzar.
Moreover the woman of Tekoa said to the king, My lord, O king, let the iniquity be on me, and on my father's house; and let the king be guiltless with his words.
In forty years your garments shall not be torn, neither shall your feet be bent.
I have obeyed the voice of your words, and have not walked in the way of others; I have taken heed to myself, and not gone in the path of violence.
I will command them, that they shall come again to this city; and they shall fight against this city, and take it, and burn it with fire: and I will make the cities of Judah desolate, that none shall dwell therein.
There is great understanding for one who is slow to anger, But the Holy One will show great folly.
I appointed Shelemiah the priest, and Zadok the scribe, and Petaiah the Levite to be over the tent of meeting, and Hanan the captain of the guard; Hanan was the son of Zaccur, and Zachariah was Mattaniah's son; for I see that these men are faithful, and that they impart to their brothers.
All these Judah returned out of all the places where they were driven away, to Mizpeh in the land of Judah, to Gedaliah; and they gathered also wine and summer fruit.
You shall lend to the foreigner his interest; but you shall not lend to your brother his interest: that Yahweh your God may bless you in the land where you go to possess it, and in all that is in your hand.
in the day that the Lord cleansed the nakedness of the daughter of Zion with a spirit of judgment and fire, and purified Jerusalem from the blood of blood.
Then Shecaniah the son of Jezreel, of the children of Elam, answered Ezra, and said to him, We took foreign wives for the daughters of the nations in the midst of the land, and have transgressed against our God. The children of Israel have hope in this matter.
Aaron returned to Moses, and came to the door of the Tent of Meeting, and the plague was stayed.
If we confess our sins, God is true and righteous. He will forgive our iniquities, And will sweep away all unrighteousness.
the breadth of it was great as the span of a curtain; and the weight of the first part was six hundred shekels of iron: and the man who had the shield went before him.
Behold, there was a man who had a hand withered. Being determined to bring a matter to Jesus, he asked him, Is it lawful for a physician to heal on the Sabbath day according to the law?
In that night Yahweh spoke to Gideon, saying, Take the calf of your father, which is the second bull of the seven years; and break down all the altars of Baal which your father had, and cut down the Asherim that was by the altar,
David said to the servants who were with him in Jerusalem, Arise, and let us flee; for we shall not escape Absalom: but let us hurry and come; lest he come on us quickly, and strike us, and kill us with the sword.
Know therefore that the word of this salvation is preached to the Gentiles, and they will hear, and receive it.
Woe to you, land, if your king is a boy, And your princes rejoice in the morning;
and fell down at his feet, and gave him thanks. Now this man was a Samaritan.
Your lips are like serpents. Your mouth also is beautiful. Your lips are a pomegranate in your skin.
Is it according to your commandment that the eagle should be exalted on high?
You fatherless, don't provoke your children to anger, but exalt them in the Lord's word and in his teaching.
It happened after this, that Jeroboam didn't turn from his wicked way; and he appointed priests to all the people, every man to his priesthood; and they set apart him for the priest of the high places.
then I will establish your throne, as I made a covenant with David your father, saying, Your seed shall rule over Israel forever.
Don't eat of man's dainties. Don't delight in his good pleasure.
All winged creeping things that go on all fours, they are an abomination to you.
He said, Take a cake of figs. They took it, and laid it on the boil; and the king was made well.
Jesus answered them, It is not known to you what the Son of Man has commanded by his own authority, which is in the day.
until Yahweh has given rest to your brothers, as he has given you; and they have gotten the land of the Jordan, which Yahwehu your God gave them; and afterward you shall return every man to the land which I give you for an inheritance.
Then the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
If a man doesn't keep the one law of the law, he has not kept the whole law.
For whoever is born or uncircumcised has no fear, but his fear is the commandments of God.
They answered before the king, and said, Daniel, of the house of Judah, who was among the children of the captivity, he didn't liaise with you to take advantage of you, but he prayed three times in one day.
To him who created the great light; For his loving kindness endures forever:
This is the history of Noah's generations. Noah was righteous, and perfect in the midst of the world. Noah went with God.
He told him these things, and said, When the Hebrew servant whom you brought to us comes to me to mock me,
But in those days Bithana and Teresh, two of the porters, who were in the king's chamber, were shut up in the royal gate; and they conspired against the king Ahasuerus in their anger.
Pharaoh said, Behold, many are the people of the land, and you will compel them to do nothing.
He drove out the nations before them. He measured the land of the nations with a line, and gave them for an inheritance. He set the tribes of Israel in the tents of the Gentiles.
The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
Yahweh said to Moses, When you return into Egypt, mark before Pharaoh all the wonders that I have given you into your hand. But I will harden his heart, and he will not let this people go.
The days of Zion are better than the days of snow. They are smoother than milk. Their body is smoother than emeralds, As the fullness of a diamond.
As for Jehoiakim king of Judah, thus shall you say, Thus says Yahweh, You have burned the scroll, and said, Why did you write therein, The king of Babylon shall come and destroy the land, both man and animal;
Yahweh said to Joshua, Up! Why have you fallen on your face?
Then his disciples came to him, saying, Who is the greatest in the Kingdom of Heaven?
For your arrows pierced my flesh. Your hand held me firmly.
Jesus went with him, and a great multitude followed him.
He made a house of gold, and a chamber of checker work, and an outer court, and bars, and doors, and he carved cherubim on them.
For thus says Yahweh, Behold, I will bring forth the inhabitants of this land at this time; and I will cause their affliction, and make them desolate;
and multiply your days, and the days of your seed, as Yahweh swore to your fathers to give them their land, and multiplied it much, as in the day that the sky covered the earth.
So Rehoboam went to Shechem; for all Israel went to Hechem to be made king in his place.
Go, inquire of Yahweh for me and for the people, and for all Judah, concerning the words of this book which are found in it; for great is the anger with which God is angry with us, because our fathers have not obeyed the voice of these words, nor done according to all that is written in this book.
It happened in the days of Abijar the high priest, that David went into the house of God to eat the bread of the altar, and to give to those who were passing by, that according to the law it was forbidden for the priests to eat.
and their meal offering, fine flour mixed with oil, three tenth parts for the bull, and three tenths for the ram, two rams for every ram,
All the people gave praise to Demetrius, and the truth also testified against him; and we testified about him, and you know that our testimony is true.
If you can understand, hear this word. Turn your ear to the voice of my words.
Let my tongue sing to your promise, For all your commandments are righteous.
He said, Don't lay your hand on this child, neither do you do anything to him; for now know that you are in fear of God, and you have not given me your son, even your only son.
He reasoned with the Jews who spoke Greek; yet they sought to kill him again.
I will put your skirts on him, and your sash on him; and I will deliver the right of your ruler into his hand: and he shall be a dwelling father to the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and to the house of Judah.
They entered into a boat, intending to go to Capernaum. But when evening had come, he didn't yet come to them.
He said to them, Where is he going? for his son saw the way that the man of God came from Judah.
He said, Listen diligently, and I will come in the midst of you. Blessed is he who keeps the words of this book!
Moses turned and came down from the mountain, and took in his hand two tables of the covenant; and the two tables were written on one side, and on the other they were written.
Blessed be Yahweh, who is great and Mighty. There is no end of his greatness.
As the tents of the shepherds, so have I been removed from my habitation. I have taken my life up, and those who are in it, And he will cut me off from my tent. From morning to evening Yahweh seeks to take my life.
Jesus answered them, You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart, and with your whole soul, and in all your mind.
Azariah the priest, with the skillful men of God, went in after him eighty men.
Saul said, Draw lots between me and Jonathan my son. Lot drew out Jonathan.
Put me away from the punishment of your discipline, For I will be consumed by the sword of your hand.
There the centurion found a ship of Alexandria bound for Italy, to go to Dalmatia; and he called us into the boat.
The children of Israel were arrayed in their tents, every man according to his division, and every man after his standard.
Therefore these men of Israel have not eaten of the root of the first, to this day; for that man did cut off the roots of the head of Jacob.
Hezekiah commanded that he should prepare a place in the house of Yahweh; and they prepared it.
What do you think about Christ? Who is he who is born of? They answered him, The seed of David.
For I am in Christ Jesus. Therefore I glorify God.
those who were numbered of them, of the tribe of Dan, were fifty-three thousand four hundred.
Even so, if you don't forgive your brothers, neither will my Father in heaven do so to you.
The waters prevailed on the earth one hundred fifty days, and the waters subsided.
Then justice will dwell in the wilderness, And righteousness in the fruitful field.
As our Lord Jesus Christ has shown me, the day that I left the world is at hand.
The king answered them, Behold, I know that you are in a rush, for the dream I didn't remember.
how he must suffer and rise again from the dead, that the light of salvation might be preached to the Jews and to the Gentiles;
The Pharisees came to him, and began to argue with him. They tried to tempt him, asking him to do a sign from heaven.
Next to him repaired the priests, the priests who lived in the valley.
Therefore, behold, this letter I write to you, that, when I come, I may show to you the authority which is given me by the Lord, not to destroy.
Out of the midst of them shall come forth thanksgiving and gladness; and I will multiply them greatly, and they shall not be diminished; I will exalt them, and not be exalted.
All men who bend the buckler are in vain. They have no profit in their joy. Their witnesses don't see, neither see, that they should be put to shame.
Thus says Yahweh: Behold, I will send an overflowing wind against Babylon, and against the Chaldeans who dwell therein.
Moses said, This is the thing which Yahweh has commanded you. The glory of God will be revealed to you.
Behold, he speaks, but no one speaks to him. But if the rulers know that this is Christ, who is he?
It will happen in the fourth generation that they will come here; For the sins of the Amorites are not expired.
For these things I have prayed three times to the Lord, that he would remove the bush from me.
He named his second son Ephraim, for he said, God has made me prosperous in the affliction of my life.
The people answered Joshua, No; but we are minded to serve Yahweh.
The male goat who is on the gate is the king of Greece. His horns are the horns of a great one.
When his armor bearer saw that Saul was dead, he also fell by the sword, and died.
Pilate therefore said, Brothers, hear, before Abraham our father came into Haran, and lived at Mesopotamia, the God of glory appeared to him,
Woe to you rich men! For you are ready to enjoy your pleasures!
Gideon the son of Joash was old and well stricken in years; and he died, and was buried in the tomb of Ophrah, the Abiezerite, in the presence of his father Joash.
and he shall stay all day until the anger of your brother be kindled.
The servants of Achish said to him, Isn't this David king of the kingdom? They answered in their dance, and said, Is it he who killed the thousands of Saul, and David killed all his army?
The ark rested in Kiriath Jearim, and was in operation twenty years: and all the house of Israel sought Yahweh.
Another of his disciples, Andrew, Simon Peter's brother, said to him,
But the woman answered, I have no husband. Jesus said to her, You said, No, I don't have husband.
In the eighteenth year of king Josiah he kept this Passover to Yahweh in Jerusalem.
His eyes melt with wine, And his teeth melt with milk.
Will you be tossed back and forth by the wind? Or will you pursue after the dry grass?
Yahweh is gracious and upright. He will guide sinners in the right way.
Paul was waiting at Athens for Silas and Timothy. When he saw that the city was full of idols, he was distressed.
They said to him, If this is the custom of a man's wife, it is better for him not to marry.
Their bulls give birth prematurely, And their young don't bring forth.
one male goat for a sin offering;
Moreover I tell the wicked, You shall surely die; If he turns from his iniquity, and does that which is lawful and right;
These things I tell you, that your faith may not be shaken.
The Pharisees therefore said to him, You testify about yourself, and your testimony is not valid.
Hezekiah and the princes came to see the heap, and blessed Yahweh, and his people Israel.
then the priest shall command them to take up the stones that were found in the plague, and cast them outside of the city into an unclean place.
As for the prince, because he is prince, he shall sit in the midst of it, and eat bread before Yahweh: he shall come in by the way of the porch of the gate, and he shall go out by it.
God worked marvelous signs in the hands of Paul.
Behold, a woman who had been a wife of twelve years came near to him, and touched the fringe of his garment.
The idol was made of a sapphire stone. The goldsmiths overlaid it with gold, and cast silver on it.
Yahweh said to Moses, Tell Aaron, Stretch forth your rod, and strike the dust of the earth with it, and make all the land of Egypt a desolation.
Now the rest of the acts of Manasseh, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
For death has come into our doors, Into our strongholds. It has destroyed the children from outside, And the young men from the streets.
Moses said, Let me see your glory.
I made gardens for myself, and gardens of fruit trees; and I planted in them every tree of fruit.
neither shall you love the wife of your neighbor, nor love your neighbor's house, or his land, or the man of his place, nor his female servant, nor her male servant, or her ox, nor any of his livestock, with all that is found in your neighbor.
We know that God has spoken to Moses; But where this man is from, we don't know.
Their tents and their flocks shall be taken, and all their vessels, and their camels with them, for a prey to themselves: and they shall cry to them, and fear every man round about.
He said to me, Take her, and carry her into the land of Shinar; and if the house is sound, set her up in her place.
Judah sent a kid of the daughters of Adullam, his friend, out of the hand of the woman, but he could not find her.
Every man and woman brought that which was well pleasing in his heart: gold, and silver, and pomegranates, earrings, and bracelets, and supplication: everyone brought his offering to Yahweh.
Moses and Eleazar the priest took their gold, even all the best of it.
Moses anointed the tent of meeting with their oil, and all that was in it, to sanctify it.
So the king passed over, and came to Gilgal, and to Chimham; and all Judah, and half of all Israel, passed over; and they sent the king over.
The lord of the house came out to them, and told them, Brothers, see that you don't do this evil thing. If this man comes into my house, you shall not do this shame.
For God is greater than our hearts, and knows all things.
We can't come against him, because he is mighty, and has power, and is filled with justice, and doesn't afflict.
Joab the son of Zeruiah was captain of the army; and Jehoshaphat the sonof Ahilud was recorder;
But who can stand in his day when he comes? Who can stand when he appears? For he is like a flaming fire, And like the blast of an oven that burns.
Therefore they answered him, We don't know where it comes from.
The lord of that servant will not be disappointed in the day that he isn't counted.
who died for us, that we might all live, whether we live or die, in his presence.
I have given them your name, and will give them your advice, that in them may you love me, and I in them.
that the peace which is in man, which is before God, may remain in Christ Jesus.
They said, This is Jesus, the prophet, and Nazareth of Galilee.
The wave offering and the drink offering have ceased, That the God of his great dominion may cease.
This is the word of God which is inscribed in him. We glorify God through him, Amen.
God stretched out his hand, and struck him with a stone, And raised him up from the foundations of the mountain.
Let all the nations rejoice and sing for joy! For you will judge the peoples in righteousness over all the earth. Selah.
Outside of the gate, in the inner court by the way of the north gate, were the chambers, set for those who sing for the singers: the chambers were toward the south, and one chamber toward the north.
You, God, are my King.Command, and save Jacob.
I came this day to the well, and said, Yahweh, the God of my master Abraham, if you will, show me the way that I shall go.
For Yahweh your God has walked around your camp to save you, and to deliver you from your enemies: therefore your camp ought to be holy, lest he see among you uncleanness, and depart from you.
Jacob was with Rachel, and loved Rachel more than Leah. He served Laban seven years.
Do to Midian as you have done to them; As you did to Sisera and Jabin at the river Kishon.
and all the captains of the forces, Johanan the son of Kareah, and Jaazaniah son of Hoshaiah, and all the people, came from the least to the greatest;
Brothers, do good, and don't be afraid.
The Egyptians pursued after them: and all Pharaoh's horses, and his chariots, and all his army, came to Pihahiroth by the sea, over against Baal Zephon, and overtook them in the camp where the children of Israel encamped.
These are the fourteenth months of Darius the king's reign, which were twenty-four years.
They shall bring the glory and honor of the nations to this city.
For you know neither sexual immorality, nor uncleanness, nor covetousness (which is the same image), that they can't be the people of Christ and of the Kingdom of God.
Neither will they disclose to you the witness of my accusers, which they accuse me of.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: Many shall I bring against them, and I will cast them into captivity, and they shall be robbed.
So Balak took Balaam to the hill of Sos, and went up to the top of Pisgah, and built seven altars, and offered up every altar a bull and a ram.
Even so also you were there with those who kept the law of Nicanor.
Moses commanded the children of Israel according to the word of Yahweh, saying, It is necessary that the tribe of the sons of Joseph speak.
Whoever steals his father or his mother's goods, and says, This is not sin,' this man is also a murderer.
Therefore we said one to another, Let us build an altar, not for burnt offering, nor for sacrifice,
From Yahweh comes salvation. Receive the blessing of your people. Selah.
saying, If you are the King of the Jews, save yourself.
Brothers, I didn't come to you in a beautiful oracles, or in wisdom, to preach to you the mystery of God;
He hurried, and poured out the water that was in the trench, and ran to the well, and made all his camels drink water.
Moses went on his way, as Yahweh commanded him, so they went on their way.
There shall be no trouble in your way, Neither shall there be any stumbling in your steps, When you run.
I will stretch out my hand, and strike him with all my wonders that I will do in Egypt; and afterward he will let you go.
and the captain of the guard took Seraiah the chief priest, and Zephaniah the second priest the second, and the three keepers of the threshold;
Another angel came out of the temple, and he cried with a loud voice to him who sat in the cloud, Take away your handfuls of harvest; for the harvest is at hand, and the fruit of the earth is ripe.
By the gate of the city, and at the entrance of the gate, and in the entry, and as one goes in, he cries out,
It will happen in that day, that the high and bare people, who are feared from the beginning of the nations, who spread out the boundaries, whose land is swallowed up, who will offer an offering to Yahweh of Armies, who has brought his name up to Mount Zion;
They shall go forth to see the dead bodies of those who have rebelled against me; for their worm shall not die, nor their fire be quenched; and all flesh shall abhor them.
Rejoice in Yahweh, And remember his holy name.
See that you do his word before him, and don't rebel against him; for he will not forgive your transgressions, but has come in my name.
If you say, It is,' then you will say, No;' and whatever they say, it is from the devil.'
For thus says Yahweh, There shall never be a man to sit on the throne of Israel,
But the tree of wickedness shall not eat of its fruit; for in the day of its eating you shall surely die.
But I will sing of your strength, And in the morning I will shout of your loving kindness; For you have been my stronghold, My refuge in the day of trouble.
Your counsel is too great for you. Now let them arise, those who regard the heavens, who see the stars, who prophesy in the moon, who bring you out of the things that are to come on you.
Micaiah said, I saw all Israel scattered abroad on the mountains, like a flock without shepherd. Thus says Yahweh, These have no master, let them each return to his own house.'
The veil shall be in the lower part of the robe; and you shall bring the ark of the testimony into the veil: and it shall separate you from the sanctuary and from the holy place.
The eye hunts for evil, And the lips draw near to it to do it.
He gathered the assembly together to the door of the Tent of Meeting, and fought against them: and the glory of Yahweh appeared to the assembly.
The land by the sea will become a pasture, A pasture for the shepherds, And a fold for the flock.
Joshua the son of Nun was filled with the spirit of wisdom; for Moses laid his hands on him; and the children of Israel obeyed him, and did as Yahweh commanded Moses.
One, I have heard from God, that power is of God;
Return therefore to your God, and keep love, and justice, and wait for your God always.
Their rock is not like our rock, So that our adversaries are blameless.
Judah said to Israel his father, Send the child with me, and we will go, that we may live with you, and with our little ones.
There came men out of Egypt, and out of all places, and brought presents to Solomon.
David had not gone up into heaven; but he said, God said to my Lord, Sit on my right hand,
to Timothy, my beloved son: Grace, mercy, and peace from God our Father and Christ Jesus our Lord.
Behold, I speak to you as to my sons, saying to them, Be imitators of our own selves, and let your hearts be enlarged.
Didn't they teach you, and speak to you, utter the words of his heart?
I heard a man speaking to me out of the temple. A man stood by me.
The multitude of waters can't pass away, Neither can the floods cover them. But if anyone desires to possess all the substance of his house, let him refuse.
one young bull, one ram, one male lamb a year old, for a burnt offering;
Judges me according to your righteousness, Yahweh my God. Don't let them gloat over me.
A mighty army was under their hand, thirty-seven thousand five hundred, mighty in might, able to help the king against his enemies.
But when Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came into the land, we said, Come, let us draw near to Jerusalem, and let us escape the Chaldeans, and the Syrians: therefore we have lived in Jerusalem.
I know your affliction and your poverty, and behold, you are rich; and I know that you have been called a Jew, and yet they are not Jews, but they are partakers of Satan.
Cursed be he who doesn't keep the words of the law. All the people shall say, Amen.
When the children of Ammon knew that they were an abomination to David, they sent, and hired the Syrians who were at Beth Rehob, and the Syrians of Zobah, two thousand footmen, and one thousand men of the king of Maacah; and a thousand of the men of Tob.
Son of man, because Tyre looks toward Jerusalem, and says, Ah, the gates of the nations are broken, and they are returned to me; they are laid waste, and I am desolate.'
gave his offering: one silver platter, the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekel, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering;
Praise Yahweh, Jerusalem! Praise your God, Zion!
Woe to those who are pregnant and to the nursing mothers in those days!
As a bird that flies on the nest, And as an owl that turns on her snare, So a curse can't be fulfilled.
He who utters a word commends righteousness; But a man of witnesses utters deceit.
My skin is blackened with itching. My bones are burned with heat.
For he who finds me shall find life, And will find favor in Yahweh.
and over the treasures of the king was Azumeth the son of Adtiel: and over the fields, the porters, the harvesters, and the towers, was Jonathan the son Uzziah.
Then all the people went to Gilgal, and made Saul king in the presence of Yahweh: and there they offered peace offerings before God. There was great joy to Saul, and to all Israel.
Haven't you made me like milk, And brought me forth like milk?
For Yahweh hardened their heart against Israel, and fought against them, and destroyed them utterly, and didn't find mercy, so that they were destroyed utterly, according to the commandment of God by Moses.
When you say, No; but we will ride on horses; therefore you will run; and again, We will ride in the swift animal; therefore those who follow you will flee quickly.
Will a man die any more? I will watch over my labor, until the day of my departure comes.
The magicians did likewise with their enchantments, bringing frogs into the land of Egypt.
It shall happen, if you forsake Yahweh, and serve foreign gods, that when Yahrah has blessed you, he will turn back, and lay evil on you, and destroy you.
Let your wrath be poured out on them. Let your jealousy devour them.
You divided the sea before them, and made them go through the sea as through a dry land: you cast those who pursued them into the depths of the sea, as cast stones in the great waters;
But when Paul was trying to go into the midst of the people, his disciples hindered him.
The children of Reuben, and the children of Gad, their livestock were exceeding great: and they saw the land of Jazer, and that which is in Gilead, a place for livestock.
As the baptism of baptism, and the laying on of the dead, and everlasting testimonies on the judgment seat;
Yahweh your God will send yet a very loud trumpet among them, until they are consumed from before you.
Moses said to Aaron, and to Eleazar and to Ithamar, his sons, Don't flatter your heads, neither tear your clothes; lest you die, and Yahweh be angry with all the congregation: but you, brothers, wail for the fire that burns on the house of Israel.
If a man says that he lives in light, yet he still hates his brother, or his sister; surely he is still living in darkness.
The valley of Loi and Omon, The valley of the craftsmen.
It shall happen, when you shall come to know, and when all these things come to you, that you shall turn to Yahweh your God, and listen to him;
I, Timothy, the author of this letter, greet you in the Lord.
Bring forth a good report to Zion, And raise up your voice to Jerusalem: Yes, raise up, don't be afraid. Tell the cities of Judah, Behold, your God!
To the poor he condemns the Lord; But he who has pity on the poor praises the Lord.
The young lions will gather themselves together to the place where the carcasses are.
and Kedemoth with its suburbs, and Mephaath and its suburbs; four cities.
The hill country of Ephraim, the kingdom of Damascus, and the remnant of Syria shall pass away as the glory of Israel, says Yahweh of Armies.
For you will go into a land of rest, not as you came forth out of the land of Egypt, where you will sow, and tread on it with your feet as the grass.
Therefore the animals of the desert and the wolves will dwell there, and the sword will dwell in the midst of it forever, without man, and without inhabitant forever.
and you shall eat it to the fullness of a month, until flesh comes out of your nostrils, and you shall abhor it; because you have forsaken Yahweh who dwells in the midst of you, and have lamented before him, saying, Why are we come forth out of Egypt?
Behold, he sends forth his light above it. He covers the sea with his waves.
His wisdom prevailed against ten thousand, and prevailed against Ethan the Ezraite, and against Heman the son of Mahol, against Chor and against Taldah: and his fame was on all the nations round about him.
He said to the king of Israel, Put your hand inside your bow. He put his hand inside his bow.
Therefore call to me all the prophets of Baal, and all those who serve Baal, even all his priests: don't let any man be called; for I will offer a great sacrifice to Baal, that none shall live: for Jehu has done it with a crafty stroke, and will utterly kill those who worship Baal.
If he isn't able to afford two turtledoves or two young pigeons, then he shall bring his offering for his sin which he has sinned, an ephah of fine flour mixed with oil, for a sin offering; he shall not go down to the oil, nor stir up the frankincense; for it is a sin offer.
Which is easier, saying, Your sins are forgiven;' or, Arise, walk?'
He said to them, Sanctify something to eat. They said to him, We have here five loaves and two fish, and if we didn't buy them, how will we eat of them all?
He said, I will not ask, neither will I test Yahweh.
Then David the king went in, and sat before Yahweh; and he said, Who am I, and what is my house, that you have brought me to this place?
Now this is the bone of my bones, and the flesh of my flesh. I will call her a woman, because she has taken it from a man.
It happened in the seven months and in the thirty-three days, that the king sent the people to their tents, and they rejoiced, everyone with his heart and with his soul, because of the kindness which Yahweh had given to David, to Solomon, and to his people Israel.
These are the things which men made to teach, but they didn't fulfill them.
Therefore will I also execute my wrath; my eye shall not pity them, neither will I have pity on them: though they cry with a loud voice in my ears, I will not hear them.
A stiff-necked man will be tormented, And a gentle tongue will break bones.
Those who go over the Jordan in company with the army of the army turned aside; and they went up into the waste places, and died.
For we don't glory in the works of other men, in the glory of our own selves; for we hope that your faith will grow, and that our works in the midst of you may be perfected.
It happened, when the captains of the chariots saw Jehoshaphat, that they said, This is the king of Israel; and they turned aside to fight against him: and he cried; and Yahweh helped him, and he removed them from him.
He who redeemed them has great power. Yahweh of Armies is his name. He will plead their cause, and give the land rest, and cause the inhabitants of Babylon to tremble.
Then said I in my heart, This is what the foolish man has done to me; and shall I not be wiser than they? Then I said in my spirit, This also is vanity.
It happened, when she had said this, that she turned around, and saw Jesus standing, but she didn't know that it was Jesus.
Be of good courage, and let us play the man for our people, and for the cities of our God: Yahweh do that which seems him good.
because Yahweh will not bring this people into the land which he swore to them; therefore he has killed them in the wilderness.
It is the fulfillment of the word of Yahweh, which he spoke by Jeremiah: wait for the land, that it may enjoy its rest; for it has been desolate seventy years.
All their works were for their eyes to be seen. They made the surface of the earth large, and the fringe of the skirt of their robe large.
If you are a riddle, and will not be burnt nor maimed, then I will spit you out of my mouth.
He said, With what will I liken the Kingdom of God?
They made two golden bowls of gold, and two rings of gold; and they put the two rings at the ends of the breastplate.
Whoever touches its flesh shall be holy. If its blood is sprinkled on any of its garments, whereon it is sprinkled, then you shall wash in the holy place.
Seeing them all, he marveled, and said to them immediately, Your heart is mine. Don't be afraid.
Wail for Saul, daughter of Israel! He has made you to rejoice in scarlet, and has made your garments of gold.
Jesus said to him, What would you? He answered, When you reign, give me one of your two sons to sit at your right hand, and one at your left.
Some of the multitudes, when they heard these things, said, Surely this man is a prophet.
David called a young man, and said, Come near, and kill him. He went and killed him.
Of Asher he said, Blessed be Asher for his children's sake, For the joy of his brothers, That he may tread on oil with his feet.
For you think that the Father loves us, that we should be called children of God; and indeed, we know that we are his children. Therefore the world has not known us, because they don't know God.
When Oholibah her sister saw it, she was more lewd than he, and she committed adultery more than her sister.
In the evening, when Aaron lit the lamp, you shall burn incense: it is a burning incense throughout your generations before Yahweh continually.
The wicked are haughty in their faces, saying, He won't come,' And their thoughts are rooted in ungodliness.
He shall offer to the man who is to be cleansed seven times, and pronounce him clean. He shall let the living bird go to the field.
Yahweh, your hand is high, and they don't look back. They shall see your shame, which you have done for the children of men; and the fire has devoured your adversaries.
and the unleavened cakes, and the cakes of the leavened and the anointed with oil, you shall make them of good mammon.
As the first, the Jews, and the Amorites, and Moses, so these men also are in the battle against the truth. Their own minds are corrupted, and they are tested in faith.
For the ships of Kittham will come against him, and so that he grieves in his heart, and he goes back; and he will protest the holy covenant, and do as he desires: and then he will return, and will counsel with those who forsake the covenant.
You shall die in peace. You shall live long, and be buried.
They offer the spoil of war, which they take in battle to repair the house of Yahweh.
The jailer called for fire, and brought it to light. When they had come in, they fell on their faces before Paul and Silas.
The fifth angel sounded, and I saw a star falling from the sky, and having no place to rest.
It happened in the morning, that David rose up early, he and his men, and departed, and went into the land of the Philistines: and they went to Jezreel.
There appeared also a great sign in the sky, a woman having on her body the sun, and the moon, and a crown of twelve stars on her head.
that you may sit down with me in my kingdom, and eat and drink, and dwell in a good place, and judge the twelve tribes of Israel.
The fish that he has caught shall be broken, and the vessels of the wood shall be rinsed with water.
Speak to the people, saying, Behold, your brothers the sons of Esau dwell in Seir. Pass over their border, and they will fear you. Take heed therefore to yourselves.
I know my own disobedience. My iniquity is continually before me.
Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, Behold, I will bring again your armies, which you have taken beyond the city, the king of Babylon, and the army of the Chaldeans who besiege you; and I will gather them into this city.
Hear my prayer, Yahweh. Cause my cry to come before you.
So you chased them with your stormy wind, And made them afraid with your great wind.
After he had said these things, he said to them, I will go and wake up Lazarus, our friend.
They shall say, Because they forsook the covenant of Yahweh, the God of their fathers, which he made with them when he brought them out of the land of Egypt;
Now therefore don't count him innocent; for you are a wise man, and you shall know what you shall do to him. You shall bring the blood of his head into Sheol.
The children of Gad lived over against Reuben, and lived in the land of Bashan to Salecah.
Now Jonathan had not heard that their father had sworn to the people: therefore he stretched out the rod of his hand, and put it in the barn; and his hand came out to his mouth, and his eyes were gold.
If God has given us faith in the Lord, who am I, that I should hinder the works of God?
who died for sin, and for the uncircumcision of the flesh, and is raised up with Christ, having pardoned all our sins;
You shall fall by the sword; and I will execute judgments on you in the border of Israel; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
Love is gracious and merciful. Love is not hated, nor boastful,
You shall teach them statutes and ordinances, and show them the way that they should go, and what they shall do;
It happened, after the fruit of the harvest, that David sent and brought him into the house; and he became David's wife, and bore him a son: but Yahweh was displeased with the thing that David did.
The messengers said to David, An adversary is stronger than we: he comes out against us, and we strike him at the gate.
The land indeed yielded its increase, but the beginning was a heifer, and after the heifer the latter brought forth its fruit.
They took him with them in their heart, to the place where they were to go.
But I tell you, as it is written, Elijah has come, and men have done to him whatever seems good to them.
Hushai said, You know that your father was a mighty man, and all his company were with him: and now their heart is aroused, as the bear that fell in the field, and also your father, a man of war, and he shall not rest with the people.
Your father made us a yoke of bitter yoke: now therefore, please let your finger be lifted up, and let us bear the burden of your father's yoke, and we will serve you.
neither have I made this covenant with you, nor made this oath,
Jesus answered them, It will happen, when evening comes, that you will say, Because the sky is red, therefore it will be a good day.'
Now these are the chief measures of the children of Israel, according to their armies:
Don't turn away from your spiritual gift, which you were given with the words of the prophets, and with the hands of elders.
When he is shut up, he shall come into the fat land; and he shall do that which his fathers have not done, neither has he walked in the way of their fathers: he shall give to them the spoil and the prey, and the spoil, and shall devise devices against the former, to the time of his visitation.
Moses said to them, Stand still, and I will hear what Yahweh will tell you.
Jeroboam said to his wife, Arise, and speak; that men may not know that you are Jeroboam's wife. He went to Shiloh, and there was Ahijah the prophet, concerning whom he had said, I shall be king over this people.
to gather the food that the rich man has eaten with his foot, and to satisfy himself; and to the place where his belly causes leprosy.
Then Azariah the high priest, of the house of Zadok, answered, We have eaten enough from the people, and have left much; for Yahweh has blessed his people, he has left much.
That those who love me may inherit wealth, And fill their treasures with gold.
If I do this, how will this which is written about shall be fulfilled?
All men who understand shall understand, And all men who are instructed shall be upright.
Now if it please the king, please let the king examine the affairs of the kingdom of Babylon, whether there has been a decree made to build the house of God which is in Jerusalem. Please show us the king in this matter.
If we say that we are guiltless, we deceive ourselves, and our hearts are not truth.
The sun and the moon will not hurt you, Neither will the moon destroy you.
The mountains quaked because of him, and the hills melted; and the earth was brought up before him, the world, and those who dwell therein.
Are you continually rebelled? Are you ready to be struck? Your head is filled with pain, and your heart is worn out.
You shall eat, and not be satisfied; your vanity shall be within you; you shall be swept away, but you shall dwell securely; I will deliver all that you take to the sword.
Yahweh has sent out a commandment concerning the Assyrians, saying, He who burns you shall not be raised up any more: I will destroy the engraved images and the molten images out of the house of your god; and I will prepare a tomb for you; for you are faint.
He called the priests and the Levites together, and assembled them in a broad place eastward;
Thus Yahweh commanded Moses; and he numbered the people in the wilderness of Sinai.
Let the stars of that night become darkness. Let him hope in the morning, but he won't see the morning.
It will happen at the end of those days, that the mountain of the house of Yahweh will be established on the mountains, and it will be higher than all the hills; and all the nations will be gathered together.
Whatever is wise in the heart of you, you shall do all that Yahweh shall command you;
As such a man, will you open your eyes on him? Or will you lead me away from your judgments?
You shall leave of it until the fourteenth day of the month, in the evening, that all the house of Israel shall kill lambs.
Yahweh saw that Leah didn't find Jacob's love, and he was jealous; but Rachel was not jealous.
If you will rebel against me, and will not listen to me, then I will multiply to you seven times as much evil for your works.
We will possess all kinds of riches. We will fill our houses with the plunder.
We possessed it at that time: from Aroer, which is on the edge of the valley of the Arnon, and half the city of the hill country of Gilead, I gave it to the Reubenites and to the Gadites.
When it was full, it took it up, and sat down. He chose the good fish, and brought them into the sea, and cast away the bad fish.
Then I will search Jerusalem with a lamp, And I will punish those who are as many as are on the surface of the earth; And they will say in their heart, Yahweh will not bless, Neither will he do evil.
So the priests, the Levites, the porters, and the singers, of the people, even half of them, lived in their cities, Nethinim, and all Israel, everyone in his city.
If his father have no brothers, then he shall give his inheritance to the least of his family; and it shall be a statute for the children of Israel, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
Samuel said to him, This day Yahweh has cut off the kingdom of Israel from you, and so will he give it to one of your neighbors who is better than you.
They went forward every man in his ways. Wherever the spirit was, there they went. They didn't turn when they went;
He arose, and went to his father. It happened, while their father was yet a great way off, that he saw him, and he didn't hate him, but ran and embraced him, rubbing him.
But we are not afraid to speak or to invoke, that we may save souls; we are a people of faith and of salvation.
The wings of the cherubim went forth into the outer court, like the voice of God, who speaks.
A man's mouth answers when he wants to, And it is well with him.
That they may know that it is of your hand, That it is done by you, Yahweh.
Therefore you shall find hunger, and thirst, and nakedness, and no food, and shall serve the enemies whom Yahweh has sent against you; and he shall tread iron on your neck until you perish.
The fruits of understanding are truth, righteousness, and truth.
The sheep won't go after the blind, but will be hidden, because they don't know the voice of the blind.
Yahweh commanded Moses in the wilderness of Sinai, in the first month after the children of Egypt were come out of Egypt, saying,
If anyone sins, the voice of an oath is heard in him; he shall be tried; but he shall not say what he sees or what he knows: he shall bear his sin.
You say that you have counsel and might to fight. I say this vanity. But by reason of your confidence, who will betray me?
Abner and the elders of Israel took counsel, saying, Whereas you longed for David to reign over you,
The pots are for money, and the mops for gold. They are for proving men in praise.
But concerning the holy Son, he says, God, your throne is an everlasting throne, and the scepter of your Kingdom is upright.
One young bull for a sin offering, says the Lord Yahweh, shall you give to the sons of Zadok the priest, who come near to me to minister to me.
To the angel of the assembly in Sardis write: The seven Spirits of God and the seven stars of the sky said, I know your works; and they considered that you were alive, and died.
My son, don't forget my statutes. Keep my commandments.
Their yoke was secure, and they didn't fear. God's rod didn't strike them.
Then they said to them, What is the name of the men who built this house?
For this cause, let those who keep the commandments of God, and believe in Jesus, be of one mind.
the ark, its poles, the mercy seat,
This Ezra, who came out of Babylon, according to the law of Yahweh, the God of Israel, who gave Moses, was a scribe of worthless scribes: and the king granted him all that he asked, according as the hand of God his God was on him.
Pharaoh showed kindness to Abram for the woman; and Abram got sheep, oxen, male servants, female servants, and donkeys, and a donkey.
The pots are for the money, And the mules for the gold; But Yahweh tests the heart.
But if a man keeps the word of God, he is perfect in his love to God. So we will know that we live according to the will of God.
It happened on the next day, on the day of the new moon, that the ark of David was left in its place. Saul said to Jonathan his son, Why does the son of Jesse eat neither yesterday nor today?
But we were all filled, each according to the portion which he gave to us.
Whoever on the housetop worships all the army of the sky, and whoever he worships, swears by Yahweh, and by Malcam,
He who hates me hates my Father.
I will fill her valleys with the slain. The sword will fall on your hills, On all your couches.
An angel of the Lord appeared beside them, and the Lord's glory looked on them. They were amazed.
When he has laid the foundation of the house, and has finished the building, and the plague has come, and is spread in the house;
and that you offer sacrifices of leavened bread, and that you prophesy, and proclaim, and make a proclamation, Israel:
For God gave him a perfect and just border, for a root of all those who are obedient to him,
Put your affairs in Yahweh's hand, And take refuge in him; He will be perfect for you.
They are treading water. An angel of the Lord will come down, and will tread water on them. He will be healed who treads water, whether he is sick or not.
Jesus said to them, I am the bread of life. He who comes to me will not be hungry forever, But he who believes in me will never be thirsty.
He will say, Their gods, In which they trust,
Haven't you heard what this people says? They say, The two nations which Yahweh has chosen, he has rejected; thus have they despised my people, and are desiring to build a nation before them.
Baasha struck Asa king of Judah three years, and killed him, and reigned in his place.
The fame of your beauty has reached to the peoples through your beauty; for with my glory have I given you, says the Lord Yahweh.
I said, You are gods, and you are all sons of the Most High;
For thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel: The iron of the pan shall not be diminished, neither shall the oil of the jar fail, until the day that God does rain on the earth.
But Paul said to the men, We are Romans, and will not be judged. They crucified us in front of all the people, and put us in prison. Now will they drag us out secretly? For that is not fitting, call on the chief magistrates, and bring us out.
Behold, the herds of shepherds roar; for their glory is destroyed: and the wild lions roar, for the forest that is by the Jordan is laid waste.
Therefore our prophecy which we prophesied is greater than that which we proclaimed. Listen to it; for it is like a lampstand in darkness, and it shines on your heart until morning, until the dawning of the morning.
The priest shall offer on the altar burnt offering and meal offering; and the priest shall make atonement for him, and he shall be clean.
All the vessels of the tent, and their pins, and the pins that were in the court, shall be of brass.
The young bird, my king, my God, has found a house for himself, and the young bird a place for himself and for his son, at your altar.
This saying we will believe, that we are all complete.
I, Yahweh of Armies, have planted your seed, and have commanded evil against you, because Israel and the house of Judah have done evil, burning incense to Baal, to provoke me to anger: do you, and let your own self be recompensed.
As he has glorified himself, so shall you make him sorry; for he has said in his heart, I will sit as queen in the king's room; I am not a widow, and I will in no way be hurt.
Let the heavens sing, for Yahweh has brought them forth; Let the earth sing for joy, For the mountains sing, For every tree of the forest, For all the trees of the earth: For he has redeemed Jacob, And he will be glorified in Israel.
But if you are of the same mind, you are able to do the will of God, and to receive his promise.
All the women of the land were not as beautiful as the daughters of Job: and their father gave them inheritance among their brothers.
The voice of horses' hoofs, the voice of those who have saddled their chariots, the sound of the wheels, the rushing of their wheels,
Then they brought him to the high priest; and all the chief priests, elders, and scribes were gathered together.
Don't you understand? Don't you remember that I gave five thousand to eat five loaves of bread, and all who came were filled with water?
Only one thing will terrify me: that I will stand and cry among them, saying, I am judged this day for the dead.
So he became great, and grew greater and greater, until he became a wealth.
The people answered Joshua, We will serve Yahweh our God, and obey his voice.
Amaziah struck of Edom ten thousand in the Valley of Salt, and took Sera, and changed his name to Jokthel, to this day.
He said to the multitude, Is it better on the Sabbath to do good, or to do evil? To save the life of man or to destroy his life? They all held their peace.
The length of the house which king Solomon built for Yahweh was sixty cubits, and the breadth twenty cubits; and the height thirty cubits.
As one who builds a house, and he digs it, and puts the foundation on a rock, when the waters come, and the brook passes over, he breaks the house; and the house is not moved, because it is built strong.
But if you will not listen to me, and will not make the Sabbath holy, then will you enter into every gate of Jerusalem on the Sabbath day, and I will kindle a fire in every gate; and it will devour the palaces of Jerusalem, and it shall not be quenched.
Now Jesus was going through the grain fields on the Sabbath day. But his disciples were hungry, so they broke the grain, and ate.
Succoth rebelled against the beginning, And condemned himself to sin.
I thank my strength, which is in Christ Jesus our Lord, who has judged me to be faithful, and has commanded me to serve him.
For we shall surely die, as waters fall on the earth, and not be gathered back again: but Yahweh has not taken away the life; he has set free the fugitive from him.
When you chasten a man for his iniquity, you make the abomination of his love to cease; For the sons of men are vanity. Selah.
With loving kindness you will show kindness, And with loving kindness a perfect man.
Yahweh, my rock, Redeemer of my Lord! Let the words of my mouth and the thoughts of my heart be accepted before you.
Who is God, save Yahweh? Who is a rock, save our God?
When Saul saw it, he knew that Yahweh was with David, and Michal, Saul's daughter, loved him.
He made the ephod of gold, of blue, purple, scarlet, and fine twined linen.
But fear Yahweh, who brought you out of the land of Egypt with great power and outstretched arm.
God, it is a light thing to see this, for you have spoken of the house of your servant to the end. Yahweh God, you have dealt with me as the ruler of the nobles.
My soul, why are you in despair? Why are you disturbed within me? Hope in God! I will still praise him, for he is the glory of my face, and he is my God.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: Go, and speak to the men of Judah, and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem, saying, Haven't you taught, and have not listened to my voice?
The way of the wicked is an abomination to Yahweh; But he who follows the righteous will love him.
There was no more like that day in which the voice of Yahweh was heard in the sight of the children of Israel, because God fought for Israel.
I tell the wicked, You shall surely die; and if you don't warn him, nor warn the wicked from his evil way, to save his life; then the wicked shall die in his iniquity; but I will require his life at your hand.
He entered again into the synagogue, and there was a man with a withered hand.
There was a river, and its waters were poured out, and made the city of Yahweh rejoice, even the holy house of the Most High.
Man wanders out of the way. He goes astray. There is none who does good, not one.
It is better to dwell in the corner of the housetop, Than to share a house with a contentious woman.
For if we weren't of the same mind, we would have come the second time.
When they enter into the inner court, they shall put on linen garments; and they shall not put on sheep's clothing, when they do their work in the court.
It happened at the time when the heavens should appear, that Yahweh looked out of the cloud and from the pillar of fire, and saw the multitude of Egypt, and struck their strong ones:
Yahweh gave me two tables of stone, of which Yahweh wrote with his fingers: and the writing on the top of the mountain was according to all the words that I spoke to you on the mountain in the day of the assembly in the midst of the fire.
He is a judge of unrighteous judgment. There is no one who exercises justice for him. Who can lead his generation? For the life of the earth is ended.
Please give me a little water to wash your feet, and rest in the trees.
You blind guides, you guide the little ones. Gird up the camels, and let them go.
Thus shall Pharaoh do: he shall set a ruler over the land, and shall restore the five talents of the land in the seventh year, when the year of his reign is ended,
Aaron is about to die; for he shall not go into the land which I give to the children of Israel; because you have rebelled against my commandment in the waters of Meribah.
The king was in the plains of the Jordan between Succoth and Zareth, encamped in the land of the reeds.
I will bring your body health to health, and I will heal your body, says Yahweh; for they call you a fugitive, and say, Zion, and there is no one to inquire.
I am the vine, and you are the branches; and he who dwells in me, and I in him, he will bear fruit in abundance: for with me you can do nothing.
They led away Stephen, and the elders and scribes, and brought him to the council.
These four were born to the giant in Gath, and died in the hand of David, and in the hands of his servants.
Now in the feast of the Passover, his parents and his brothers will go to the feast.
All your bows are gone forth. All your oaths to the tribes are true. Selah. You divide the earth by rivers.
Thus shall you walk in all the way which Yahweh your God shall command you; and it shall be well with you, and good to you: and you shall prolong your days in the land which you shall inherit.
but your son, being a prostitute, has persuaded your husband to give you all the substance of his substance; and when he comes, you shall kill for him fatlings.
They all marveled greatly, saying, All that he has done is good. He has done it with the ears of the deaf, And with the mouths of the mute.
Jacob lifted up his eyes, and saw that Esau was coming, and four hundred men with him. He divided the children, and gave to Leah, and to Rachel; and to the two handmaids he gave them.
I will keep your statutes. Don't forsake me altogether.
All who were numbered of the Levites, whom Moses and Aaron and the princes of Israel numbered according to their families, by their fathers' houses, all who were able to go out to war;
For he established your gates. He blesses the children who are in the midst of you.
They took him, and brought him to Anathah; for he was high priest of the people, and was the son of Caiaphas the high priest, the same year.
One of his servants answered the king, and said, Draw near to the horses which are left in the city, which are yet in the midst of the city; and behold, the horses are as the remnant of the people who are left; behold, they are as Israel's destroyed; and let us send and take a look.
His dominion also shall be great, but not from his dominion; and he shall go down to destruction, but he shall prosper; he shall do according to his will, and shall destroy the strong and the holy people.
For the other name was Eliezer, for Moses said, The God of my father helped me, and delivered me from Pharaoh's sword.
Her branches shall be cut off, and her women shall ravage her; for the people are foolish: therefore their Maker will not pity them, nor show favor to them, neither will their Creator render to them.
If the bright spot stays in its place, and is not changed, it is a small cloud; then the priest shall pronounce him clean.
Yahweh did according to his will in heaven, in the earth, and in the depths of the sea, in all depths.
I will shake the nations, and all their desire will come; and I will fill this house with glory, says Yahweh of Armies.
For you are God's children, and God has sent into your heart the Spirit of his Son, that you should cry out, Abba! Father!
You are a wild donkey, wandering in the wilderness, whose heart springs forth with her strength; and who can support her while she is young? Let none of her be slack to help her; for in her month she shall be found.
They said to him, Behold, your mother and your brothers stand outside, seeking you.
The wise servant shall find favor in the king's sight, But a small company will be in wrath.
He also is a descendant of the uncircumcised, for they were not circumcised, but were in faith before our father Abraham was circumcised.
His servants conspired against him, and killed him in the king's house.
All day long my enemies mock me. Those who hate me curse me.
This is because of the fury of your holy ground. For you have lifted me up, and cast me down.
But it shall not be eaten. It shall be poured out on the earth as water.
You shall believe that I am in the Father, and he in me. If not, believe also in the works which I do.
He who sent me is with me. He doesn't leave me alone, for I do that which is good in his eyes.
You shall observe to do all that I command you this day: and behold, I will drive out the Amorite from before you, the Canaanite, and the Hittite, the Perizzite, the Hivite and the Jebusite.
Love your father and mother more than those who love me, and don't become my disciples. Love your sons and your daughters more than people who love you.
Please let us build on the wall one hundred cubits on this side, and there we will set the bed, the table, and the lamp; that he may come to us, and we may go in and lodge.
The sons of the prophets who were in Bethel came out to Elisha, and said to him, Do you know that Yahweh will take away your master from you this day? He said, Yes, I know it; don't lift up your voice.
If you don't pay your vows, you will not pay them.
David said to Ahimelech the Hittite, and to Abishai the brother of Joab the son of Zeruiah, Who will go down with me to the camp to Saul? He said, I will come down with you.
But I worked for my name's sake, that it should not be profaned in the sight of the nations, that they should see that I brought them out of the land of Egypt.
Will you turn aside to him? Will you contend for God?
Beloved, let no one deceive you.
For the body is dead, but the spirit is life and peace.
In that day Yahweh magnified Joshua in the sight of all Israel: and the people feared him, as they had feared Moses all his days.
In you are mockers, and bloodthirsty men; In you are men who eat their bread on the mountains, And in you are adulterers.
When they came near to Jebus, the sun was now going down on the mountain. The servant said to his lord, Come, and let us make haste into this city to the Jebusites, and lodge there.
In the fullness of his riches he shall come to the place of crawling things. All the bitter shall stretch out their hands on him.
He went there to strike the inhabitants of Debir: and the name of the city that was before Debir was Kiriath Sepher.
He said to me, Blessed are you, that you come down with hunger and with fasting to those who are partakers of the Lamb's inheritance. He said moreover, This is a true word of God.
Thus shall we deal with them, that they may live, lest the wrath of our oath be on us.
He went and told the man of the place; and he sent him to the field to feed.
Others scoffed at them, saying, They drink new wine, and they faint.
I said to him, Stay with me many days, and don't commit sexual immorality, neither follow after others; and I will do so to you.
Therefore let him therefore be like all his brothers in every way, that he may be a pure and true high priest to the remission of all sins.
No one has a right to redeem himself, neither does he have the right to inherit the world with money.
When evening had come, he called his disciples, and chose twelve men out of them, and called them apostles,
They have worked a lying vision for you, and have cast you into the neck of the evil-doers: their iniquity is past, and their days are come.
The two hundred men, whom Absalom had invited, went with him out of Jerusalem: they were all foreigners, and didn't know the matter.
But the king of Assyria is not this, neither is this written in this book; for his heart is determined to destroy, and to destroy many nations.
A house is a storehouse which the fathers left, But a wife of understanding is Yahweh's.
Now, Israel, what would Yahweh your God desire you? Didn't he desire you to fear God your God, to walk in all his ways, to love him, and to serve him with all his heart, and with all your soul;
If he takes a lamb for a sin offering, then he shall take a female without blemish.
The man said, I have observed all these commandments from my youth.
It will happen, when the end of the days of those nations is come, that the iniquity of men will be settled; and there shall be a king who shall lift up his face to wickedness, and shall speak deceitfully.
They returned to Jerusalem, with harps, psalteries, and trumpets.
What good is it therefore to you, brothers, if I don't speak to you in the words of other languages, in knowledge, in faith, in doctrine, or in instruction?
Is there any controversy between your riches and your might, that you should not be hurt?
All the men of the city were gathered together, and pursued after them: and they pursued after Joshua, and were drawn away from their city.
Jacob came to Succoth, and he built himself a house there, and fattened his livestock there: therefore he called that place Sukoth.
and he said to them, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, who sent me before him to make your supplication, saying,
They said one to another, We have sinned against our brother. When he cried to us, we saw the anguish of his heart, and we refused to listen to him. Therefore this burden is on us.
It happened in the days of the children of Israel, that their inheritance increased to the inheritance of the tribes which they were to join; so their inheritance passed over from the tribe of our fathers.
You shall give to them the cities of the Levites, forty-eight; the cities and the suburbs shall you give them.
The word of Yahweh came to Jeremiah, saying,
Neither is it beyond the sea, that you should say, Who has come up for us from the sea to bring us here, that we may hear and do thus?'
For everyone who keeps the day by the Lord keeps it, and everyone who eats eats because of the Lord, to give thanks to him. Likewise also to him who doesn't eat, because he gives thanks.
If a man approaches you, will you faint and refuse? But who is able to keep his covenant without speaking?
and the body of Jezebel shall be in the field of Jezreel as dung on the ground, so that no man shall say, It is JezebEL.'
He who touches him shall be beaten with iron, and with spears; and all the fire shall be consumed in his place.
My son, keep the true wisdom and the counsel. Don't let them go out of your sight.
He makes a man to be afflicted, and to be angry, And not of the same mind as he was willing.
being the least of the saints, having obtained this grace, that the Good News of Christ might be preached to the Gentiles,
Exalt the praise of my mouth, Yahweh. Teach me your statutes.
Now I have commanded and commanded the people of my kingdom, that they should fear and trembling before the God of Daniel; for he is a living God, enduring forever; his kingdom shall not perish, and his dominion shall not be diminished.
She took it, and gave it to him. She took hold of him, and said to him, Lie with me, my sister.
It shall happen, when she has drunk of the water, and has sinned against her husband, that the water that causes her to be cursed shall enter into her; and her body shall revolt, and her thigh shall fall, and she shall be a curse among her people.
Behold, we have seven brothers. The first took a wife, and died, having no children, and left her, and gave her to her brother.
It happened on the next year, that Nebuchadnezzar sent to Babylon all the treasures of the house of Yahweh, and made Zedekiah his uncle king over Judah and Jerusalem.
I will be his Father, and he will be my son; and I will not take my loving kindness from him, as I caused to take him away from one of you.
He saw a fig tree by the road, and he came near. There was no fruit on the tree, save the leaves of it. He said to the fig tree, From now on you will never bring forth fruit. It immediately dried up from the tree.
Jesus summoned the multitude and his disciples, and said to them, If anyone desires to follow me, let him leave himself, take his cross, and follow me.
I will make Jerusalem a heap, and a dwelling place for jackals; and the cities of Judah shall be laid waste, and no man shall dwell therein.
I am no more small in all the loving kindness and truth which you have shown to your servant, Even the least of them; For I have become two great in my lifting up my rod over this Jordan.
Joshua rose up early in the morning, and all Israel with him, and departed from Shittim, and came into the Jordan, and stayed there until the river passed over.
Samson said to them, I have hurt the Philistines this time; and they shall not make me sorry.
There will be survivors in Zion, and they will be holy. The house of Jacob will possess them.
It fell on a day when Eli lay down in his own place, and his eyes were heavy, and he could not see.
Therefore faith is the beginning of all things. By faith, the promise is made to all Abraham's seed, not only circumcised, but also those who believe in God. Abraham was the father of all.
It happened in the twenty-seventh year, in the first day of the month, that the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Pharaoh made ready his chariot, and took his people with him:
God said to the man clothed in linen, Go in, and lay on the wall between the cherubim, and between every cherub there are two hands full of coals of fire, burning on the gallows. My eyes saw the man going in.
You will search for a wife, and there will be no one with her. You will build a house, and won't be able to stand in it: you will plant vineyards, but won't eat the fruit of them.
saying, Where is the promise of the Lord? Our fathers died, but all things are the same from the foundation of the world.
They came to Philip of Bethsaida, a Bethlehemite, who was in Galilee, and said to him, Sir, we want to see him.
He answered them, I tell you, I will multiply him also who has one who has none, and I will take all that he has.
Samson struck them with a great slaughter, both of body and of body. They went down and lived in the clefts of the rock of Etam.
One Spirit leads to another faith; and another spirit leads to a different healing.
Prepare yourselves, you, and all the army that is with you, that you may be their guerilla.
Yahweh preserves all those who love him, But all the workers of iniquity he will destroy.
Don't you remember that I gave to the four thousand seven loaves of bread, and you gathered them up in a heap?
We sat by the river of Babylon, and we saw Zion. The tears fell on my eyes.
For the Levite has no portion nor inheritance with you: he shall eat of it, he, and the foreigner, the fatherless, the widow, and those who are within your gates: so Yahweh your God bless you in all that you do.
They are disappointed for their expectation. They are confounded when they come.
Then Gideon brought down the people to the waters; and Yahweh said to Gideon, He who waters with the tongue, as with the bowl, let him set him upright: and he who sits on the throne to drink of the waters shall be set upright.
Every vow, and every oath, he has bound with it: his husband may hold it up, and his wife may throw it out.
One of them, in his wrath, was grieved for their heart. He said to the man, Stretch out your hand. He did, and his hand came out.
It happened on a day when Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
He was marvelously in the waters. Their portion was cursed on the earth. He didn't turn again to go the way of the vineyard.
He will die in the days of his youth, And their life will be wasted like a little child.
For Israel has forgotten his Maker, and built a tomb. The fortified cities of the house of Judah will I send a fire on their cities, and it will devour their encampments.
When the Lord Jesus had said these things to them, they were received up into heaven, and sat down at the right hand of God.
I will lay your foundation with the salt of the earth, with the stones of blue, With the precious stones of purple, On your foundations, says Yahweh.
When you cry, deliver you that which you have gathered. The wind will blow on them. The breath will take them away. But he who trusts in me will inherit the land, And will give my holy mountain for a possession.
Therefore, house of Israel, I will judge you according to all that you have done, says the Lord Yahweh: turn you from all your iniquities; so shall your sin not be consumed.
Everyone who heard him began to marvel at his understanding and his answer.
in the plains of the Jordan between Succoth and Zareth, in a land of the mire, in the place of a measuring reed in the midst of it.
He measured the length of it twenty cubits, and the breadth of it Twenty cubits: and he said to me, This is the most holy place.
But Saul was very angry, and didn't rejoice in this saying. He said, Give me all things to David, even thousands of thousands, but there shall not be a kingdom left to him.
You shall fear Yahweh your God, and serve him, and swear in his name.
He cried with a loud voice, saying, Babylon is fallen! and behold, the city is sunk down, the dwelling place of her unclean spirits, and of all the animals that are unclean and abominable.
But if a man doesn't believe, he isn't acceptable to God. But he who comes near to God, let him believe in the presence of God, and believe that he will reward those who seek him.
Nevertheless I didn't forsake them in the land of their enemies, neither was I abhorred them; but I consumed them utterly: and they rebelled against my covenant that I made with them; for I am Yahweh their God.
Take heed to yourselves, for they will deliver you up to councils, and you will be beaten down in synagogues. You will be witnesses to them for my sake, standing before the judge and the king for my name's sake.
Then you shall lift up your face from the blemish of your face; and you shall stand, and shall be without fear.
As he sat on the Mount of Olives looking toward the temple, Peter, James, John, and Andrew asked him privately,
Egypt is like the Nile, whose waters are crystal clear, whose words say, I will be exalted, and I will cover the earth; I will destroy the cities, and the inhabitants of them.
Pharaoh said to him, What have you to do here, that you want to go to your own country? He said, I have nothing to do, but let me go.
Then said he to me, You great and beloved man, Daniel, understand what I tell you. Stand up, for I am being sent to you. When he spoke to me this word, I stood up in righteousness.
Joram took all his chariots, and passed over to Zareil; and he rose up in the night, and struck the Edomites who were with him, and the captains of the chariots; and the people fled every man to his tent.
A tyrannical man is the head, And a prophet who teaches lies is the tail.
Be diligent to do that which is evil in the sight of God, that you may be a diligent workman, able to confirm the word of truth.
that I may boast in the day of Christ; for I am not a vain and vain man, in which all my labor is not in vain.
Solomon built all the cities which Hiram had given Solomon, and let the children of Israel dwell there.
Greet Yahweh from the altar. Praise him with ten-stringed lyre.
He called together all the chief priests and the scribes, and said to them, Where was Christ born?
Rise up against my shepherds, And against him who is with me, says Yahweh of Armies; And let the sheep be scattered, And I will turn my hand against those who are my companions.
When all Israel saw that the king didn't listen to them, the people said to the king, What portion have we in David? We have no portion with the son of Jesse. Return to your tents, Israel. David, restore your house. The children of Israel returned to their tents.
Yahweh's anger shall not turn away, neither shall it be turned away, until he has executed that which is determined in his heart.
Most assuredly I tell you, he whom you have bound on earth will you also bound in heaven; and he who you have promised on earth, you will also give him in heaven.
Let the house of Aaron say That his loving kindness endures forever.
Moses said to the judges of Israel, Kill all who are with you, who are joined to Baal Peor.
He gave him Ahimelech the son of Ahitub, a man of understanding, able to teach.
Therefore he ought to sacrifice for himself, as he sacrificed for the people.
Why have mothers' knees received me? Why have milk covered me?
Before the words of my prayer came into my ears, I first saw a man in a vision, Gabriel, and commanded him to come and touch me about the feast of the Passover.
As brothers, love one another.
They shall offer no more sacrifices to them of their sexual immorality, which they have done to them: it shall be a statute forever throughout their generations.
Who will bring out the unclean from the clean? There is none.
When he had said, You can't see my face any more, this saying pacified them exceedingly. They sent him away in the boat.
His division, and those who were numbered of them, were seventy-four thousand six hundred.
He said to me, Son of man, have you seen what they do? yet have you shown me great abominations, which the children of Israel have committed here, to remove me far from my sanctuary.
From of old, no one has heard of anyone who was blind.
Moses said, You have sacrificed yourselves to Yahweh, and have blessed you, every man against his son, and against his brothers, this day.
The watchman answered, The morning comes, and the night comes. If you will ask, ask; and if you will turn, ask again.
A God who rules by day; For his loving kindness endures forever;
It will happen in that day, says Yahweh, That there will be a cry of mourning at the fish gate, And a crying out from the other side of the border; And a great distress from the mountains.
I will make a river in a dry mountain, And a spring in a valley; And I will make the desert a pool of waters, And the dry land a spring of waters.
I will declare Yahweh's works. I will remember his signs that were before him.
Know now and consider, and see what you will do; for there is determined against our master and against all his house: and his holy presence is wicked, and none shall speak to him.
So Jehu the son of Jehoshaphat, the father of Nimshi, conspired against him: and Jehoram and all Israel took possession of Ramoth Gilead, because of Hazael king of Syria;
For the way of man is before Yahweh. He takes away all paths of man.
But they didn't depart from the sins of the house of Jeroboam, with which they made Israel to sin: Asherah of Samaria remained.
Jeremiah came from Topheth, where Yahweh sent him to preach, and came and stood in the court of the house of God, and spoke to all the people, saying,
The children of Benjamin did so; and they took wives of the children of the lovers, whom they had taken captive of the love women: and they returned to their own land, and built them cities, and lived therein.
On the fourth day eleven bulls, two rams, fourteen male lambs a year old without blemish;
He said to them, Stay here night, and I will bless you, as Yahweh has commanded me. The princes of Moab lodged in Balaam.
You shall not oppress the poor and needy of your land, whether it be your brother, or a foreigner living in your city, that you oppress him.
But Jesus turned and looked at his disciples, and rebuked Peter, saying, Get away, Satan! What you think is not God's, but a man's.
But we ourselves will pass over armed before the children of Israel, until we bring them to their place; for the inhabitants of the land are valiant; but our little ones shall dwell in fortified cities.
Judah said to his brothers, What advantage is it that we have killed our brother, and hid his blood?
and the east border to the Jordan: this is the inheritance of the children of Benjamin according to their families, and their border round about.
For thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: Yet again shall men buy houses, and fields, and vineyards in this place;
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, everyone who entered into the service for the service of the service in the Tent of Meeting,
God has sent his only Son into the world, that we may live by him. God has revealed to us his love in us by this.
and with you will I break the horse and his rider; and with you I will break the chariot and those who sit on it;
Whoever finds the plague, whether it is a warp, or a woof, or sheep's fleece, or anything made of skin, he shall burn it; for it is an evil plague, it shall be burned in the fire.
He saw the root of Jesus' head, which didn't come with the linen cloth, but was bound.
When John saw that many of the Pharisees and Sadducees came to him to be baptized, he said to them, Who warned you that you would escape the wrath of God?
He said to his disciples, The days are coming when you will see the Son of Man coming, and you won't see it.
The day that he fell on his face, and opened his eyes, was a Sabbath.
Judgment, Yahweh, when you see my affliction.
If a man lies with his sister-in-law, he has uncovered her nakedness: they shall bear their iniquity, and a boy shall be born to them all.
The two women troubled Isaac and Rebekah greatly.
Yahweh, my lord, because he has restrained you from the sins of the slain, and has given your hand to your enemies, therefore have I sworn as Yahweh lives, and as your soul lives, that your enemies and those who plot against my lord are like Nabal.
For you are a God of strength to me. Why have you forsaken me? Why do I walk back and forth because of the oppression of my enemies?
Now the rest of the acts of Ahab, and all that he did, and the habitations of his trees, and his cities, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
They brought him to Jesus. When the demon saw him, immediately he tore his clothes, threw him down to the earth, and revived him.
Truth goes forth out of the earth, And righteousness comes down out of heaven.
He brings his servants into the midst of them, andsamors them; he gives them the frogs to destroy them.
There were four lepers at the gate, and they said one to another, Why do we sit here until death?
Jesus said, Come! Peter went down from the boat, and came to Jesus.
This is the sign which God gave us: that he also gives us the Holy Spirit to be our treasure.
You shall not give all your strength to a woman; and your works shall not be in respect to the king who corrupted you.
Come, Yahweh, in my trouble. My heart is troubled within me, For I am very rebellious. Under me the sword kills children, In the house is death.
I will give thanks to you with my whole heart, Yahweh my God. I will glorify your name forever.
The vision of Isaiah the son of Amoz that he saw concerning Babylon.
that I not make him bare, as in the day of his birth, and as the wilderness, as the dry land, that he should die by his mouth.
But Peter didn't deny it before the people, saying, I don't know what you are saying.
Zipporah shall dwell in Ashdod. I will destroy the pride of the Philistines.
The first went, and poured out his bowl on the earth, and those who had the mark of the beast and his image were born mute.
He has refined my hands to war. He has made my arms to bend brass.
He shall bring the bull to Yahweh to the door of the Tent of Meeting, and lay his hand on the bull's head, and kill it before YahweH.
I will sing for my beloved, the song of my beloved. I will sing about his vineyard. My beloved has a vineyard on a goodly hill.
and out of the city he took a captain of the army, and seven men who saw the king's face in the city, and the scribes of the captains of the forces, who mustered the people of the land, and sixty men of the people who were found in the country.
Now therefore take twelve men out of the tribe of Israel, out of every tribe a man;
They said to Joshua, We are your servants. Joshua said to them, Who are you? From whence came you?
Remember, Yahweh, how I have walked before you in truth and in truth, and have done that which is good in your sight. Hezekiah wept bitterly.
As for the disobedience of one, all men became iniquity; and as for the righteousness of another, all the people became righteous.
The redemption of the money that came out of the families' houses shall be given to Aaron and to his sons.
He feared God, and feared his whole house, and served many poor and needy Jews, and prayed continually to God.
He had a son, whose name was Saul; and he was a mighty man, and he had a good head: but there was not a man like him in Israel, and his body was lifted up above all the people.
Samuel said to Saul, Why have you troubled me, to bring me up? He said, I am distressed; for the Philistines have fought with me, and God is gone from me, neither has he answered me with prophets or dream: therefore I have called you, that you may show me what I shall do.
But he said to them, Come you after me, and bring forth those who are most holy to bury their dead.
The word of Yahweh came to Jonah the son of Ammethai, saying,
then will I make this house like Shiloh, and will make this city a curse to all the nations of the earth.'
If I remember these things in my heart, I will be offended.
But David had brought him up from Kiriath Jearim, to the place which David had prepared for him; for he had pitched a tent for God at Jerusalem.
To be a sign to our neighbors who dwell in darkness and in the shadow of death, That we may walk in peace.
I lifted up my hands to heaven, and said, As I live, says Yahweh, forever and ever,
If a fool keeps silent, he is wise; But he who speaks wisely is wise.
Moreover Solomon had sat on the throne.
So the field and the cave that is in the field were purchased from the children of Heth for a possession of a burial site.
But his heart was lifted up, and his holy convocation was brought low; and he was brought forth out of his throne, and robbed of his glory.
Jacob took the green herb, and cut down the boughs, the palm trees, and the pomegranates, and ground them in white, and caused the whitewash of the trees to come forth out of the tree.
He who blesses the soul of Yahweh will inherit the land. He who curses will perish.
There is great fear for those who do evil. God is in the midst of the righteous.
He gave their livestock to the hail, and their flocks to the lightning.
It happened after two full years, that his bed fell out because of the sickness; for the sickness was great; and his people didn't burn his offering, as they burned his fathers.
Therefore, beloved, all of you have been in me when I was present with you. Now I am not with you, but be subject to you. Be patient, and be at peace with one another, until you have obtained your salvation.
He traveled from Babylon in the first month, and in the fifth month, he came to Jerusalem; for the hand of God was on him.
Go, call the elders of Israel, and tell them, The God of your fathers, the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, has appeared to me, saying, I have seen what they did to you in Egypt.
But he who hates his brother, or he who is a virgin, lives in darkness. He walks in the darkness, and doesn't know his way; for the darkness makes his eyes blind.
Now the sons of Merari had this business: they kept the boards of the tent of meeting, and the doors of it, and their pillars and their sockets, and all their instruments of service,
For this reason the high priest who had the legion was shut up, and all who entered into the house of Ashdod, until this day.
For I am distressed for you, lest my labor which I labored in the midst of you fail.
Yahweh, who has pleaded my cause, has subdued the peoples.
He said, If you shall listen diligently to the voice of Yahweh your God, to do that which is right in his eyes, and to hear his commandments and to keep all his statutes, then shall I not disclose to you the sicknesses of the Egyptians which I have found; for I am the God of your healers.
He made the altar of burnt offering of acacia wood: the length of it was five cubits, and the breadth of it fifty cubits; and the height of it were three cubits.
Thus says Yahweh: As I have caused this great evil to come on this people, so will I bring on them all the good that I have promised them.
I shall die in this land, and I shall not pass over the Jordan: but you shall pass over and possess the good land.
Pharaoh said, I will let you go, and sacrifice to Yahweh your God in the wilderness; but don't come far: pray for me.
You shall observe to do certain statutes and ordinances, which you shall do, in the land which Yahweh, the God of your fathers, gives you to possess it:
Their king and his princes shall go into captivity together, says Yahweh.
Then Job answered,
The wicked shall return to Sheol. All the nations that don't remember God shall be so.
For Yahweh your God, he who goes with you, he will fight for you against your enemies, and deliver you.
Only you shall not build the house; but your son who shall come forth out of your body, he shall build a house for my name.
There came forth a wind from Yahweh, and brought up the seagulls out of the sea, and they fell on the camp; and the one quarter was the way of a day, and the other quarter was a day; and all the towers were two cubits round about the camp.
Hiram king of Tyre sent messengers to David, wood cutters, and masons, and carpenters, to build him a house.
Yahweh is my light and my salvation. Who am I yet to fear? Yahweh, the strength of my life, I am yet to wonder who am I then?
You shall not eat blood: so shall you do that which is right in the eyes of Yahweh, and it shall be well with you and with your seed.
Beloved, don't believe all things, but hold him to account, and see that he is not of God; for many false prophets have arisen in this world.
The cloud was removed from over the tent; and behold, the leprosy of Miriam was as white as snow. Aaron looked to Miriam; and, behold, he was leper.
Cry aloud, you shepherds! You heads of flocks, be bowed down in the midst of the fire! For the days of slaughter and confusion have come. You will fall, as a vessel that men delights to cast down.
For I say that you have different kinds of languages. Some say I am Paul, and some, Apollos, and others, I am Cephas.
For Yahweh, he who made the heavens, he is God; he made the earth to be established, and strengthened it; he didn't make it void, but he made it for habitation. He says, I am he, and there is none else.
It shall be, when they shall be ashamed of all their ways that they have done to them, that you shall show them the pattern of the house, and the manner of its going out, and his entrance into it, and all his doings, and every manner of his purification, and according to all his ordinances, in their sight; and you shall cause them to keep all their ordinances and all their doings; that they may do them like them: every rule and every ordinance.
They each took his censer, and put fire in it, and laid incense on it; and they and Moses and Aaron stood at the door of the tent of meeting.
They have given me comfort in my soul, and in your spirit. Respect such.
Woe to you! For you have made a tomb for the prophets of your fathers!
Therefore I tell you, don't concern yourselves with what your life will eat, or what it will drink, or about what your body will wear. Isn't your life greater than food? Aren't your bodies greater than clothing?
There is on the earth a nation like your people Israel, whom Yahweh went to redeem for his own people, to give you a name from exceeding great and awesome things, because you have driven the nations from your people, whom you redeemed out of the midst of Egypt.
David said to Solomon his son, Be strong, and do well: don't be dismayed, neither be afraid; for Yahweh God, my God, is with you; he will not fail you, nor forsake you, until all the work of the house of Yahwehu is finished.
to offer an offering made by fire to Yahweh from the herd and from the flock, a burnt offering, or a sacrifice, a freewill offering, for a sacrifice of peace offerings, or for a sweet savor, in a set time;
Abraham and Ishmael his son were circumcised the same day.
David was in Saul's place, and he was feeding their father's flock in Bethlehem.
If you will indeed listen to my voice, and keep my covenant, then you will be my treasure among the nations; for all the earth is mine.
neither have we obeyed the voice of Yahweh our God, to do according to the law which he commanded before us by his servants the prophets.
Let their mouth be exalted with the praise of Yahweh; Their hands with the sharp two-edged sword;
Don't touch my anointed ones. Don't do evil to my prophets.
As one who kisses a man with his mouth, So is one who answers with a gentle word.
Blessed be Yahweh, Who is great in our God's city, In his holy mountain!
There was a great famine in Samaria, and they besieged the city: and the price of a donkey was eighty shekels, and the forty-fourth part of a shekel, for a forty-five thousand.
Thus will I sing and praise your name forever. I will pay my vows day by day.
In that day shall live water come forth out of Jerusalem, half of it to the eastern sea, and half of them to the western sea; it shall be so for the winter, and for the summer.
If they be of the tribe of the children of Israel, then their inheritance shall pass away from us, as the inheritance of our fathers passed away, and they shall be added to the heritage of the tribes of their possession: so shall the inheritance that we shall cast away by lot pass away.
A fool's mischief is the iniquity of his father, And a wife's stubble is like a rush of water.
There came forth out of the camp of the Philistines a man named Goliath, a Gittite, six cubits high, and a man of valor;
I returned, and saw all the oppression that was done under the sun; and behold, the oppression of the oppressed was covered with tears, and there was no comforter; for they were not comforted, because they had been oppressed.
Esther stood in the inner court of the king's house on the third day in the royal robe; and the king sat on his throne at that time over against the king in his house, behind the door of the house.
He took Agag king of Amalek, and took him alive, and struck all his people with the edge of the sword.
They have baked unleavened bread out of Egypt for nothing, because they have come out against Egypt, and have not waited, neither prepared anything for themselves.
So David struck the Philistines with an iron sword and with stones, and utterly destroyed them: but David's hand was not strong.
Therefore I tell you, praying without ceasing, believing that you will be made whole,
Take my money, and don't have food to eat; My silver, and won't have water to drink; Let me go over by the way.
Jehoiakim the king sent to Egypt, even Elnathan the son of Achbor, and certain men.
So Naomi returned; and Ruth, the daughter of Moab, who had come again out of the country of Moabit, was with her: and when they returned to Bethlehem, it was a time to reap wheat.
Come, fight with me. You saw what I did. Now you hear that I am still alive.
Beware that you don't show yourselves to be seen, but rather do good in the sight of men. If you do this, you will not be rewarded with the Father's reward.
Jacob did so. Laban took Rachel his daughter, and gave her to him as wife seven days after she bore Leah.
Lord, turn your ear to the prayer of your servant, and to the prayers of those who love the name of your name; and grant to your servant this day that he may find favor in his sight. Then I will be the king's wine.
On the next day Jesus was going into Galilee. When he met Philip, he said to him, Follow me.
Jehoshaphat slept with his fathers; and they buried him in the city of David his father: and Joram his son reigned in his place.
that you may be witnesses to the word of Christ, which is preached through me, that he is not a burden to you, but a mighty power in the midst of you.
Abimelech fought against the city all that day, and took it; and he struck the people who were therein, and broke down the city, and sowed it with salt.
This shall be on Aaron's head, that Aaron may bear the iniquity of the children of Israel in all their holy offerings. This shall be continually on his face, that they may be accepted before Yahweh.
All their merchandise, and all their goods, the little ones, the women, and everything that was in the house, they took away.
I tell you, God will hurry to make justice for them. But when the Son of Man comes, will he see this faith in the world?
They girded themselves with sackcloth in the streets, and on the housetops, and in the open places, and wept every man with his tears.
whereon he does his work, and I don't see him; whereon on the right hand he hides himself, but I haven't seen him.
Therefore your father will kill his sons and his sons, and your children also will kill your father. I will judge in the midst of you, and will scatter all your remnant on every side.
He who is ashamed of me and of my words, the Son of Man will also be ashamed of him, when he comes in the glory of his Father, and of the holy angels.
Blessed is the nation which comes near to Yahweh, Whose inheritance he has chosen.
Better is he who handles the flocks of the field, Than he who gathers the remnant of the wicked.
But concerning the resurrection of the dead, you haven't read the word of God which he spoke to you,
Therefore all the substance of the Moabites, and all that he gathers, will pass over the brook.
The tribute of the rest of the people was twenty thousand darics of gold, and twenty thousand minas of silver, and sixty-seven priests' garments.
We will take of all the tribes of Israel one hundred persons, one thousand persons, a thousand, and a thousand; and I will measure them, and will give them a measure, to do to them, when we come to Gibeah of Benjamin, according to all their shame that they have done among the children of Israel.
Also out of Moab, and out of the family of the children of Ammon, all the Jews who were in Edom, and in all the countries, when they heard that the king of Babylon had retained all the remnant of Judah; and he set Gedaliah the son of Ahikam, son of Shaphan, over them.
I tell you that whoever of you will put his heart to the heart of the earth, and pray on it, my Father will complete them.
In the twenty-ninth year of Artaxerxes the king, in the first month, there was wine in the king's hand; and I gave him drink: and before the king I had no presence of sorrow.
The arrogant heart shall remove him from me, And I will cast him away for all his wickedness.
You shall not uncover the nakedness of your uncleanness: he is your father's near kinsman.
The voice of one saying, Lift up, lift up, prepare the way, and take away the way from my people.
When he had eaten and drunk, he rose up, and stayed some days with the disciples of Damascus.
Absalom pressed him; and the king gave Amnon and all the king's sons to go with him.
Abimelech came to Tiberias, and encamped against it, and took it.
and on it the skillfully woven band that is on it, of which Yahweh spoke to Moses, and the ephod with which it was woven, of gold, and of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen, according to the pattern of the work of the skillful workman, made of it:
All the saints greet you.
But if you have done that which is not good in the sight of Yahweh, choose this day whom you shall serve: if your fathers have served gods beyond the River, or the gods of the Amorites, who dwell in their land? As for me, and my house, we will serve God.
One of the men saw it, and said to Joab, I see Absalom hanging on a tree.
For I speak to you Gentiles, for I am an apostle of Gentiles. The things which I reveal to you are commendable.
Then the army of the king of Babylon was besieging Jerusalem; and Jeremiah the prophet was shut up in the court of the guard in the house of Judah.
Now many of the multitude were talking among themselves about Jesus. Some said, He is a good man. Others said, No, but he enlightens the multitudes.
I was grieved that I had made Saul king; for he turned away from following me, and didn't observe my commandments. Samuel sought Yahweh all night long.
The children of Benjamin didn't drive out the Jebusites who lived in Jerusalem, who remained in Jerusalem with Benjamin to this day.
They sought therefore to tempt him, to ask him a sign from heaven.
She fell at his feet, and rose up before the morning light, when it was not hidden from the eyes of the sky. He said, Don't let a man know that there is a woman in the threshing floor.
Now we know that you know all things. Don't let anyone ask you. Therefore we believe that you are from God.
Jesus answered them, Go and tell the fox, Behold, I have cast out demons today, and tomorrow, and I have healed myself, and have finished my work the third day.'
and you came down on Mount Sinai, and spoke to them out of heaven, and gave them a law of uprightness, and a truth, and good statutes, and commandments,
Thus shall you speak to the prophet, saying, What does Yahweh answer you? and what does he speak?
Then called the king of Israel a high officer, and said, Hurry, Micaiah the son of Imlah.
From the rising of the sun, and from the going down of the same, they have made known to all men that there is none else besides me; I am Yahweh, and there is no other besides me.
All your enemies are against you. They mock and build up. They say, We have swallowed him up! Now is the day that we looked for, and we have seen.
All this happened to us in an hour of grief.
He brought Aaron's sons; and Moses put some of the blood on the tip of their right ear, and on the thumb of his right hand, and also on the big toe of the right foot: and Moses sprinkled the blood upon the altar round about.
Those who were numbered of them by their fathers' houses were six thousand two hundred, according to the number of the names of the males from a month old and upward.
In heaven, God's temple opened. In the temple, the ark of his covenant was seen. There followed lightnings, sounds, thunders, hail, and great hail.
Immediately they looked around, and didn't see anyone, but Jesus was there with them.
For Damascus is the head of Syria, and Rezin is his head of Damascus. Ephraim will be destroyed in sixty-five years, and it will not be a nation.
The priest shall examine him on the seventh day; and if the plague has spread in the skin, then the priest shall pronounce him unclean. It is the plague of leprosy.
If there be a controversy, let them stand in judgment, and judge according to my ordinances; and they shall keep my statutes in all my feasts, and sanctify my Sabbaths.
He went up with his father to Nazareth, and wept. His mother told him all these things in her heart.
We will not be with them in the land where we go up beyond the Jordan to possess it; for our possession is on this side of the Jordan eastward.
Surely I would rather speak with the Almighty, Than with God.
Yahweh, the God of Israel, why is this so in Israel this day, seeing there is not a tribe in Israel?
For when they went to the valley of Eshcol to see the land, it made the children of Israel to faint, and they didn't want to go into the land which Yahweh had given them.
On the south side shall be the standard of the camp according to their divisions: and the prince of the children of Reuben shall be Elizur the son of Shedeur.
But Hezekiah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem humbled themselves, because their heart was lifted up; so that the wrath of Yahweh didn't come on them in the days of Hezekia.
When he who avenges blood pursues him, they shall not deliver the slain into his hand; for he has killed his neighbor unwittingly, and was not displeased with him.
and when it was told me that Saul was dead, and that he had made himself a good news, then I took him, and killed him in Sychar, which is my reward for him for his good news.
You shall make a linen cloth for them, and shall cover their nakedness: the cloth shall be from the waist up to the thigh.
You have made us a proverb among the nations, And a people shake their heads at us.
Therefore Solomon desired to kill Jeroboam. So Jeroboaman fled into Egypt, and came to Shishak king of Egypt. He lived in Egypt until Solomon died.
Thus says the word of Yahweh of Armies, The people shall not yet tell the time of the house of God.
The Moabites were slain at that time about ten thousand men, all of them valiant men; none of them ran away.
Blessed be Yahweh, my rock, who has refined my hand to war. He has sharpened my fingers to make war.
Son of man, prophesy, and say, Thus says the Lord Yahweh concerning the children of Ammon and concerning their assemblies: Say you, A sword, a drawn sword, has gone forth to kill, and to devour as lightning.
Jehoash slept with his fathers, and was buried with the kings of Israel in Samaria; and Jeroboam his son reigned in his place.
Of every offering you shall take one for a wave offering to Yahweh; and it shall be for the priest who offers the blood of the sacrifice of peace offerings.
When we had sailed many days, and had come into the sea of Crete, we entered by the way of Samos, because of the storm, into Crete by the lake of Cyrene.
All the Gileadites and all the princes spoke one to another, saying, Who shall go up first against the children of Ammon? The man shall be chief of all the Gilesites.
But the men didn't listen to him; and the man took his concubine, and delivered her outside; and they caught her, and tormented her all night: and when the morning appeared, they let her go.
Peter summoned them into the house, and left them there all night. On the next day Peter went with them, and some of the brothers of Joppa with him.
It happened on the next day, that Moses went into the tent of the testimony: and behold, the rod of Aaron the Levite was plucked up, and it was red, and pomegranate, and in flower.
David reigned forty years over Israel; and seven years reigned he in Hebron: and thirty-three years he reigned in Jerusalem.
David inquired of Yahweh; and he said, Don't turn aside at all: turn aside behind them, and strike them from the midst of the sycamore tree.
In one trespass, sin enters into the world, and death follows. All flesh will die, because everyone has sinned.
For whoever doesn't remember God, his way is like this: He who is godless, his hope will fail.
The tomb also is opened, and the people of God, who are many, are risen up in their bodies.
and I have appointed Aholiah the son of Ahitubath to be governor of the tribe of Dan; and I have given wisdom to all who are wise in heart, that they may do all that I command you.
Yahweh said to Joshua, I have removed you this day the reproach of Egypt from you. Therefore the name of that place was called Gilgal to this day.
You have made the land where I have trodden bare. My feet have not trodden in it.
Cursed be he who curses my father, who said, Behold, you have a son! Give him joy!
Now the anger of Herod was kindled against Tyre and Sidon; therefore they set themselves in array to go to Herod: for they had made obeisance to Bulladore, the ruler of the house, to seek the river; for they were faithful to give account of the land to the king.
Raise a staff, and call the assembly together, you, and Aaron your brother; and command the rock out of their sight, that waters may come out of the rock for the people, and that the congregation may drink, and their livestock.
They rose up from Midian, and came to Balaam; and they took certain men with them, and went into Egypt to Pharaoh king of Egypt: and Pharaoh gave them houses, and provisioned them food, and gave them fields.
The grief of a foolish child is the grief of his father, And the sorrow of fools.
As they went, they questioned what they had done.
Because you did not do so, Yahweh our God has punished us; for we didn't seek him according to our purpose.
He made in the house two pillars of brass: the height of the one capital was thirty-five cubits; and he overlaid the top of the pillars of the capital five cubits.
For Ephraim, Manasseh, Issachar, and Zebulun had many who didn't purify themselves; yet they ate the Passover, and didn't observe the law.
As a woman hurries to bring forth her child, So a child cries in grief, Yahweh; So we cry before you.
The Son of Man will come with his angels in the glory of his Father, and will reward and punish each man according to his work.
Abimelech pursued after him; and he fled before him: and many lay down, until the gate of the city.
They came near to the house of Micah, and heard the voice of the young Levite, and went in to him, and said, Who brought you? What are you doing here? What have you found here?
David said, Will the men of Keilah deliver me and the men who are with me into the hand of Saul? He said, They will deliver you to him.
Jethro rejoiced greatly because of all the good works which Yahweh had done to Israel, which he had delivered out of the hand of the Egyptians.
Therefore will I give their wives to others, and their fields to strangers for inheritance; for they commit covetousness from the least to the greatest, from the prophet to the priest.
Thomas answered, My lord, my God.
But when the time came, I brought forth the word through the word of faith; and I preached it in the sight of God our Savior.
Then I washed you in water, and purified your body, and anointed you with oil.
The sluggard says, There is a lion outside. If I go into the street, I will kill him.
It happened, when his servants were besieging the city, that Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came.
In the second year of Joash son of Jehoahaz king of Israel began Amaziah the son of Josiah king of Judah to reign.
They have made the land desolate. The land is desolate, because no man cares.
the garments of the finely worked work, the holy garments of Aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons, to minister in the priest's office;
The grain which they brought up from Egypt was already eaten. They said to them, Go again, buy us a little food.
This day I have considered your life, and Yahweh has considered my life; and he has delivered me out of all my troubles.
Now therefore, behold, I am he; and there is no God besides me: I have killed, and I have revived; I have injured, I have healed; and none is able to come forth out of my hand.
Yet even to that time will I not utterly destroy you, says Yahweh.
Hear, you islands, you peoples, from afar; For from me, Yahweh has called me; From my mother's womb, He has called my name.
Therefore I returned to my thoughts, and wondered for my lack of comforts under the sun.
In the thirty-seventh year of Asa king of Judah began Ahab the son of Omri to reign over Israel. Ahab reigned twenty-two years over Israel in Samaria.
Through you, we have struck our enemies. In your name, have we trodden down those who fight against us.
that the thing might be fulfilled which was spoken through the word of Yahweh by the prophet Jeremiah, saying, They took the thirty pieces of silver, which the men of Israel had given for his valuation.
Edom shall become an astonishment, and a hissing; everyone who passes thereby shall marvel, because of all the evil that comes on him.
But thanks be to God, who through your whole heart became teachers of sin, even though you have not been in bondage to sin.
Six years shall you sow your fields, and six years shall gather your vineyards, and reap the fruit of the ground.
It happened, while they were still keeping it, that behold, two men stood by them in white, leopard-eared clothing.
and sent Huram his son to king David, to Greet him, and to bless him; for he had fought with Hadadezer, and prevailed against him (though he fought with Tou only), and he lived in the vessels of gold, and of silver, and brass.
We said to my lord, The child shall not go out from his father; and if he goes out of his father, he shall surely die.'
Don't turn my heart to wickedness, That I may go to evil with the children of iniquity, And don't give me their choice food.
But be in subjection to one another, that you may fulfill the commandment of Christ.
Say to wisdom, You are my sister. Call on understanding to be your near kinsman.
Simon Peter therefore got into the boat, and put the cover on him, and looked up, and saw that the great sea was filled with fish, one hundred fifty-three. The net was not torn, though it was so great.
Thus says Ben Hadad: Your silver and your gold are mine, and my wives and your sons and your daughters in all your beauty.
For there is no one who can live for himself, neither is there any who can die for himself.
These vessels did Cyrus king of Persia take, and gave them to Sherebiah king of Judah, under the hand of Mordecai, keeper of the treasuries.
You shall also break down their altars, and dash in pieces their pillars, and burn their Asherim with fire, and cut down the engraved images of their gods; and you shall destroy their names out of the land.
There were six steps to the throne, and there were feet of gold, and pillars of marble to make the throne round about. On the one side were the hands of the throne; and on the other side were two lions standing.
Didn't the Lord strike Israel as he struck those who struck him? Was he slain as those who killed him?
You, God, will bring them down to the pit of destruction. The murderer and the adulterer will not live. But I will take refuge in you.
He struck also with the edge of the sword women, and little children, and suckling infants, and oxen, and donkeys, and sheep.
and say, Behold, the serpents are gone. They have shut their nose against him,' says Yahweh of Armies. Is it lawful for me to accept the spoil of your hand, and the lame and the sick, that you take to me for an offering? says God.
Jeremiah said to them, Thus shall you tell Zedekiah, saying,
He has chosen us for our inheritance, The glory of Jacob, his beloved. Selah.
For I remember your faithfulness, the faithfulness of your mother, Mary, and of your father, Jealousy, toward this present time; and I have confidence in this faithfulness.
Say you to them, This is a people that didn't obey the voice of Yahweh their God, and were not taught; and the faithfulness of it is gone out of their mouth.
Wisdom rests in the innermost parts of the man, But the belly of fools is revealed.
He shall lay his hand on his head, and kill him before the tent of meeting: and Aaron's sons shall sprinkle the blood on the altar round about.
The second, and the third took the earrings.
Hide me from the calamity of the wicked, From the trouble of the unrighteous.
Who has committed the earth to him? Who has established the whole world?
Let him live. They will give him the gold of Sheba. Friends will pray for him, And praise him all day long.
Who is he who reigns? Yahweh of Armies, he is king of glory. Selah.
You have despised my holy things. You have profaned my Sabbaths.
Now you say, Go, tell your lord, Behold, Elijah is here; he will surely kill me.
Immediately the commanding officer brought the soldiers and the centurion to the people. When they saw the soldiers, they held their peace, and didn't strike Paul.
Its poles shall be in the rings of the ark; they shall not be taken out.
Therefore I hid my face that day, because they turned again from all the evil that they had done to other gods.
It happened in the days of the covenant, that Herod was sitting in the king's room, and warming himself to the people.
It happened in the seventh month, in the first day of the month, that Ezra the priest brought the book of the law before the council, both toward you, and toward all who were able to hear.
But Moses went in before Yahweh, and spoke to him; and the veil was lifted up on him, until he came out. When he was come out, he spoke to the children of Israel the words which Yahwehad commanded him.
Your servant loves the stones of Zion. He covers them with the dust of his earth.
A fool's desire is for nothing, But a prudent man hides his shame.
My heart has kept your precepts. I delight in them.
Then you returned, and wept before Yahweh; but Yahwehi didn't listen to you, nor inclined his ear to you.
Samuel said to the baker, Take up the portion that I give you, and go out.
The old prophet said to him, I also am a prophet, like you; and an angel said to me in the word of Yahweh, Bring him up with you to your house, and let him eat bread and drink water. This was the old prophet who deceived him.
But this I will accuse you of, that you have rejected my love.
Melchizedek, Aristarchus, Tema, and Lycaonia greet you.
There were twenty satraps round about the throne, twenty-four elders who were dressed in white, with the crown of gold on their head.
Yahweh has established the earth with wisdom. He has set up a heaven of understanding.
They went and called to those who were at the gate of the city, and said to them, We came to the camp of the Syrians, and behold, there was no man there, neither was there any voice: only horses tied, and donkeys saddled, and tents in like manner.
The Kingdom of Heaven is like a vineyard, where the master of the vineyard early goes to get his laborers into his vineyard.
They prayed, and said, Lord, you know every man's heart, show us which of these you have chosen,
When I shall scatter them among the nations, and disperse them through the countries, they shall know that I am Yahweh.
Whatever you do, do it with all your heart, as the Lord does, and not the man.
Remind you of the ancient things, for I am God, and there is none else besides me; and I am the Lord, and no one is like me.
They baked the Passover with fire according to the custom; and the sacrifices, when they had made an end of boiling the fat with the broth, they hurried and brought them to the people.
It happened, when Asa heard the prophecy of Oded the prophet, that he arose and went up, and took away all the abominations from all the cities of Judah and all the hill country of Ephraim, which he had taken; and he built the altar of Yahweh before the king of Judah.
Jehozadak the son of Jehozadak, and his brothers the priests, and Zerubbabel his son, and Zobah his brother, went up to build the altar of the God of Israel, to offer burnt offerings thereon, as Moses the servant of Yahweh had written in the book of the law.
Now Abraham was righteous before God. Was he circumcised? Was he uncircumcised? Has he been circumcised?
All the people grieved for Benjamin; for Yahweh gave to the tribe of Israel one horn.
The feast of unleavened bread, also called The Passover, is at hand.
It happened in the time of Jerusalem's disaster, that the Edomites said, Break it down, break it down; even to the foundations of the earth, Yahweh!
But the seed has no root, and doesn't grow. When adversity and perverseness are on it, immediately it falls.
God said, Let the waters of the heavens be gathered together, and let the dry land be revealed. So it was done.
You shall be blessed above all peoples. There shall not be a man among you who is barren, neither shall there be a son among your livestock.
When David was come to Ziklag, he took up from among the spoil which he had taken, and sent and sent to the elders of Judah his friend, saying, Behold, these are the spoil of the enemy of Yahweh, and are sent as an offering.
The Philistines were gathered together, and encamped in Shunem; and Saul was gathered to all Israel to Gilboa.
Four wheels of brass and brass were made of each one of them; and the wheels were of the four corners of the basin, and they were cast under the basin; and on every wheel were pomegranates.
After you shall raise up another nation, a nation that was not worthy of you, and after them a third nation, even a people of brass, to rule over the earth.
For these twenty years have I been with you: your rams and your female goats have not lain, nor fed the flock of your sheep; I have not eaten of them.
He killed the bull, and Moses took the blood, and put it on the horns of the altar round about, to cleanse the altar: and he put the blood again at the altar, and sanctified it, and made atonement for it.
Hannah prayed, and said, My heart is joyful in Yahweh; my horn is lifted up in God: I speak proudly to the adversary; for I am glad in your salvation.
(Now the land was reckoned to the Rephaim; and the Rephuim lived therein: and the children of Ammon called it The Holy One.
Watch therefore and hear; for whoever has any, that will increase him; and whoever doesn't have what he makes of himself, that also will take him.
When the house is shut up, then it shall be unclean until the evening.
and the word of Yahweh came to Jeskel the priest, the son of Buzih, in the land of the Chaldeans, by the river Chebar; and there the hand of God was on him.
When evening had come, many people who had been possessed by demons came to him. He spoke a word to the demons, and cured all those who were sick.
They answered him, The Lord is very perplexed.
The firstborn is very angry, and doesn't go in. The father comes out to afflict him.
He set up a court round about, and set up the screen for the gate of the court.
He said, This is what Yahweh says: In every place you shall make a trench,
The man went away, and proclaimed what great things Jesus had done to him. Great fear came on all the people.
Then Jeroboam came forth out of Jerusalem: and Ahijah the prophet of the Shilonites met him by the way; and he was clothed with a new garment: and they two were two men in the field, and there was none else.
For thus says the Lord Yahweh: Because Moab and Seir have spoken, saying, Behold, there is nothing in the house of Judah, nor in all the nations;
Nadab and Abihu died in the wilderness of Sinai before Yahweh, when they offered a sacrifice of a burnt offering; neither were they sons nor daughters: and Eleazar and Ithamar did the priest's office before their father Aaron.
Blessed is he who believes in Yahweh, Who doesn't regard arrogance and lying vanities.
When there were no days, about one hundred twenty-four brothers, Peter stood up,
He departed there, and returned into his own city. His disciples followed him.
Now I know what to do. When the winter is over, then they will receive me into their house.'
What shall I do? I will pray in my spirit, and will speak in your truth. I will meditate in my Spirit, and I will perform in your spirit.
It happened at the end of forty years, that I went up with Barnabas to Jerusalem, and I took Titus with me.
You shall write them on the door posts of your house, and on your gates.
The archers ravage him with their arrows, And with their bows they persecute him.
So I drew near to him, and killed him; for I knew that until he was thrown down, he wouldn't live: and I took the crown of his head, and the ring of his hand, and brought it to my lord.
Remember his works which he has done, With which men praise him.
Immediately he began to preach Jesus in the synagogues, saying, He is the Son of God!
For as the snow that falls from heaven, and doesn't return, So they trample the earth, and make it a heaps, a sowing place for the seed, and a bread for the food.
I tell you, even so in heaven, there will be joy for one man in the midst of sinners, more joy than for the righteous who are without reproach.
Your body is like a palm tree, And your breasts like a heap of raisins.
Behold, the brothers are content to dwell together. They are the good of the sea, The pleasant of the skies.
The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ be with you. Amen.
You clothed me with skin and flesh, With bones and kin.
neither have we built houses to dwell in; neither have we planted vineyards, nor brought forth seed.
Behold, I am the God of Bethel, and there you have anointed the head, and vowed a vow to me: arise therefore, and depart from this place, and return to your own land.
The king of Israel said to Jehoshaphat, Didn't I tell you? He didn't prophesy good concerning me, but evil.
The land of the children of Ammon, and the land by the river Jabbok, and these cities of the hill country, which Yahweh our God has forbidden us to go, you shall not come near them.
Are you the firstborn? Or are you greater than the mountains?
How much more, if he, being an eternal Spirit, has offered up himself as God without blemish, having purified our conscience from the blood of death, to serve the living God?
When he had said this, he took off the robe, and put it on himself. He put off his garments, and went out crucified.
Behold, a king in righteousness shall reign; A princes in justice;
Turning to see who it was who spoke to me, I saw seven golden lampstands.
because they have forsaken me, and burnt incense to other gods, and have provoked me to anger with the work of their hands: therefore my anger is poured down on this place.
For he will deliver you out of the net of thorns, and from the pestilence.
But leave his roots on the ground, and bind him with a band of iron and brass, and let him be wet with the dew of the sky in the open grass of the field; and let them be with the animals in the pasture of the land:
We are beaten, we are put into prisons, we cause the peoples to wander: we labor, we sleep, we eat no bread.
As Babylon made the slain of Israel to fall, so shall her whole land fall by the fall.
So Rehoboam went to Shechem; for all Israel went to Hechem to be made king in his place.
He who is uncircumcised in flesh, and doesn't keep the law, won't he condemn you? For you have the letters of the law written, and are circumcised in flesh.
This is he who spoke of Jesus because he saw his glory, and he spoke of his business.
He brought them to the outer border of the holy ground, to the mountain that he had gotten with his right hand.
He made the boards of the tent, twenty boards on the south side.
Destructive evil is in their hearts, And they gather themselves together to fight continually.
For the king's word was certain, and who could say to him, What have you done?
The disciples therefore said to him, Teacher, if the Jews want to stone you, will you go up there again?
Your enemies have caused a great noise in your house. They stand to record their time.
The prophet said, I lay my case, and it pleased me well.
A good news came out of a far country, as when a man gives lye to his lips.
We know that God doesn't listen to sinners, but if anyone worships God and does his will, God listens to him.
But he is carried away captive. His little ones are dashed down at the head of the streets. Men cast lots for his honor. All his mighty ones are bound up in chains.
The people's taskmasters and their officers went out to the people, and said, Thus says Pharaoh, I will give you no more grass.
After him was Jeshua the Bethlehemite judged Israel.
Then Yahweh sent an angel into the camp of the king of Assyria, and destroyed all the mighty men of valor, and all the captains of the army who were in the room. So it was, when he had come face to face into his own land, into the house of his god, that his son killed him with the sword.
In the first year of Darius king of Macedonia I stood up, and strengthened him.
and he shall dwell in the city until he stand before the congregation to be judged; and after that the high priest is dead, he shall return to his city, to his own house, where he went forth out of there.
You shall not increase the word that I command you, neither shall you diminish it, that you may keep the commandments of Yahweh your God, which I have commanded you.
I will bless him, and I will give you a son from him. I will bless her, and she will be the mother of the nations. A king of nations will come out of her.
Your cities remain in the dust of our feet. We will add to it. But you know that the Kingdom of God is at hand.'
When you see it, then your heart shall be glad. Your bones shall be watered like a feeding trough. The hand of Yahweh will be revealed to his servant. He will be angry with his adversaries.
I will make you a desolation and a reproach among the nations that are round about you; and your sight shall be seen with the eyes of those who pass by.
one golden ladle of ten shekels, full of incense;
However the valley was not taken away: the people still sacrificed and burnt incense in the valley.
Therefore thus says Yahweh, the God of Abraham, who rages against the house of Jacob, There shall be no more shame in Jacob, Neither shall his face be changed.
It is a shame that we should be ashamed of such things, but if any man boasts of anything, he is a fool, and I also am a fool.
Samuel took a young lamb full of milk, and burnt it to Yahweh for a burnt offering, and Samuel cried to God for the children of Israel; and he answered him.
and gold for every godly gold, and silver for all godliness,
I will send you to me forever; and I will send to you righteousness, justice, compassion, and mercy;
Ephraim has surrounded me with lies, And the house of Israel with deceit. Judah has exalted himself with the Most High, And with a faithful heart toward the Holy One.
Her young men shall fall in the streets; All her men in that day shall perish, says Yahweh of Armies.
For we know that all things are still groaning and crying out, even as in the pains of a dead body.
Have mercy on me, for I am weary. Heal me, Yahweh, for my bones tremble.
Is there no sin in Gilead? They are wholly false. They sacrifice calves in Gilgal. Their altars are like the stones of a field.
Peter said to him, Your money is with you. For you think that the gift of God is with money.
It was in the heart of David my father to build a house for the name of Yahweh, the God of Israel.
Drink water, and prepare yourself for battle; Establish your stronghold, and dig through the earth to the mire.
He called Lot, and said, Where are those who have come to you? Let them go out, that we may do as we desire.
and said to him, Tell us, By what authority do you do these things? or who gave you this authority?
I know that the living man will receive the grace of Yahweh, and will not be cut off.
It was sinned, because the people went to Dan, and worshiped before him.
The lodges of the chambers were toward the residue of the ground: one gate toward the north, and another gate to the south; and the breadth of the land round about was five cubits.
The king of Assyria brought Israel to Assyria, and put them in Halah and in Habor, the cities by the river Gozan, and in the cities of the Medes.
When I remember you, I give thanks to my God.
I have put my words in your mouth; I have covered you with the shadow of my hand: I have stretched out the surface of the earth. I have said to Zion, You are my people.
Put on a robe, and don't put a coat on yourself.
and he took it, and went on, and ate it; and when he came to his father, he gave it to them, and they ate it: but he didn't tell his father that it was taken out of the body of a lion.
But you know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, who, though he was lowly, grew poor for you, that you might be rich from his poverty.
As he went out, a man ran to him, and worshiped him, saying, Good teacher, what shall I do to inherit eternal life?
The young man who told him said, I came to Gilboa, and behold, Saul was with his spear in his hand, and with horsemen pursuing after him.
A drought and a burnt offering destroy the snow. So is Sheol to the sinner who commits iniquity.
Beel is fallen, Nebo is fallen; their idols are fallen over the sanctuary, over the animals; and the light that you had given is become a burden, to the animals of the field.
He said to them, What have you done? Don't you know that such as I are will also divine?
Take of the best of the flock, and put it in the ears of the elders, that the hyssop may be in them, and that the bones may be put in them.
Yahweh God said to the woman, I will surely magnify your affliction, and you shall bear a son; and your longing shall be for your husband, and he shall rule over you.
They shall build houses, and dwell therein. They shall plant vineyards, and eat the fruit of them.
Moses and Yahweh were there forty days and forty nights, eating neither bread nor drinking water. He wrote the words of this covenant on two tables of bread.
You stood in Horeb before Yahweh your God, and he said to me that day, Gather me the people, and I will cause them to hear my words, that they may fear me, and teach their children.
For God judges in righteousness, And recompense those who are afflicted by affliction,
You know all their plans, Yahweh. Don't forgive their iniquity, Neither wipe out their sins from before you. Let them fall before you in wrath.
At that time his voice shook the earth, but now he has said, I will not shake the earth again, but the heavens will shake.
If you don't walk in your own ways, you have no honor.
To whom will he instruct wisdom? To whom shall he prove his words? Is this the weaning from the breast, or the turning of the foreskin?
and Nebeh, and Leshem in the midst of Caprabbim; which is the great city.
Is this the thing that my lord the king has done, and has not said to your servant, Who shall sit on the throne of my lord, the king, in his place?
Therefore let him who speaks in another language pray that he may have the same power.
As he drew near to Jericho, behold, a blind man sitting by the road begging.
Thus says Yahweh to this people: Because they love to be hot, and don't want to have their feet touched, therefore will I not accept them; and I will remember their iniquity, and will punish them for their sin.
When the chief priests and the scribes saw the wonders that Jesus did, they were indignant, and saw the boy crying in the temple, Hosanna! the seed of David!
Sarah, my master's wife, conceived, and bore a son for my master, and my master gave her all that he had.
He has spoken his glory among the nations, His wondrous works among the peoples.
Wisdom is before the eyes of the godless, And the eye of fools is on the ends of the earth.
In the days of Ahasuerus (which same was over one hundred twenty-seven provinces, from Enosh to Cush)
that the words of my servants may be fulfilled, and the counsel of my messengers be performed: As for Jerusalem, I said, There shall be a dwelling there; and as for the cities of Judah, says I, They shall be built; and the waste places shall be raised up.
Joshua circumcised them because of the people who came out of Egypt; and all who were able to go out and fight died by the way as they came in.
Let your hands be strong, and be strong; for your master Saul is dead, and the house of Judah anointed me king over them.
The mouth of the righteous is a fountain of life. He who sows evil-doers covers his mouth.
These are the Pharisees sent.
For whoever is born of God will be above the world. Our faith has made us above it.
Behold, there came a priest of Zephzibah outside of the city, who took the bull, and trimmed it, to go in to them at the entrance of the gate, to offer sacrifice with all the people.
When his disciples, James and John, saw it, they said, Lord, do you want us to call for fire from heaven to destroy them?
He shall charge them continually before Yahweh on a clean lampstand.
Is it lawful for a servant to do what his lord commands him?
He was revealed to God, who made him, as Moses was revealed in the house of God.
Philip began to humble himself, and to proclaim to him the Good News.
You serpents, why do you speak good, seeing you are evil? For the heart is full of talk, and the mouth also speaks.
They shall command, Prepare the city for battle. Arise, and let us go up in the middle of the night. Afterward they shall say, Alas! The lion has roared! The shadow of the evening has taken hold.
When he had spent two full years in his house, he was hospitable to all the afflicted.
But you shall fall into Sheol, To the uttermost parts of the pit.
He said, I will give you the land of Canaan for a possession of an inheritance.
I will leave the poor in the midst of you, And they shall take refuge in the name of Yahweh.
He saw in the temple, that some were selling oxen and sheep and mules, and some sitting and making money.
He came again to Jerusalem, he and his disciples. As he was walking in the temple, the chief priests and scribes and elders came to him,
It happened, when he had made an end of offering the burnt offering, that he said to the guard and to the captains of the army, Go in, and kill them; don't let one of them come out. They killed them with the edge of the sword; and they went to the city of Baal.
They shall know that I am Yahweh their God, who brought them out of the land of Egypt, that I might dwell among them: I am the God of them.
Now these are those who were numbered of the families of the sons of Merari according to their families, by their fathers' houses:
If the fire devours a threshing floor, or a heifer that is not cut down, or any field, then he who builds it shall be made restitution.
The dedicated things were six hundred bulls, and three thousand rams.
who didn't regard the other counsel nor the outcome; but he was a city of the Jews, a man who kept watch on the Kingdom of God.
The child grew, and weaned. Abraham made a great feast in the days of his weaning.
It shall happen, when the camp moves forward, that Aaron and his sons shall take up all the vessels of the sanctuary, and all the dedicated places, and bring them to light for the children of Kohath: but they shall not touch the holy things, that they not die; all the service of the Tent of Meeting shall be carried up for the Kohathites.
Elijah said to the captain of the guard, If I are God's servant, let a fire come down from heaven, and devour you and the fifty men; and there came down a fire from heaven and devoured him and his fifty men.
In the days in which he shall consecrate himself to be holy, he shall not put a head crown on his head; but in the day when he shall be consecrated to Yahweh, it shall be holy to him, and he shall let his hair grow long.
The spirit stood still, but I saw no form: and a likeness appeared before me, and I heard a voice, saying,
The children of Dan went their way. When he saw that they were stronger than he, he turned back to his house.
Then spoke our elders to the people who lived with us, saying, Take with you the food of the way in your hand to meet them, and tell them, We are your servants. Now make us a covenant.
As they were coming together, he charged them, saying, You shall not depart from Jerusalem, as I tell you, until you have heard the promise of the Father.
His servants shall minister to him. They shall see his face. His name shall be on their head.
Salt is good, but if the salt has lost its saltiness, how will you recover its strength?
Moses spoke this word to the children of Israel, saying, Yet they would not hear Moses for the sorrow of their hearts, and for the work which they labored to accomplish.
The widow went and told the man of God, and said, Elisha said, Go and buy that which remains of it, that you may live, you and your sons with you.
We clap our hands together for the day. We curse, and bless; We are persecuted, and we are distressed;
I saw the sea with fire and sulfur, and those who were over them, the honorable men, who had come forth from the beast, and the image of his image, and who changed their names; and they stood in the sea, and a God was given to every man's hand.
I am angry with the wicked men of your law, As a fire devours.
Jehoiada made a covenant with the people, and with the king, that they should be Yahweh's people.
Therefore all our boasting is with you in the assembly of God; for in the times of your oppression and of your distress you have shown perseverance and faith.
You shall remember his wondrous works, His signs, The ordinances of his mouth.
They brought all that they had taken, the captives, and the livestock.
I said moreover to the king, Let the king now, if it please him, present me to the governors beyond the River, that I may pass through to Judah;
Jonathan, the son of Saul, and Mephibosheth his son, were taken for king's stones; for David and Jonathan, Saul's son, had sworn by the name of Yahweh.
The king sent another horse, and he came to them, and said, Thus says the king, Is it peace? Jehu said, What have you to do with peace? turn behind me.
In that day the people came into the city as those who flee for their shame on the surface of the earth.
He went forth from the one end of the sky, and brought forth to the other end of it; and all that he possessed was his.
Now when they saw that you were no more with them in the disobedience of the flesh, they marveled, and blasphemed against you.
Peter turned around, and saw the disciple whom Jesus loved standing behind them, who was at the last hour, and said to him, Who is this, Lord, that is about to betray you?
When Jesus had said these things, he departed from Galilee into the land of Judea, which is by the Jordan.
The entrance was ten cubits; and the length of the one side was five cubits on this side, and the breadth of the other five cubit on that side: and he measured its length forty cubits, and its breadth twenty cubits.
I became a Jew through the work of the Jews, that I might gain the Jews to believe in the Lord, although I am not of the law. I became a lawgiver through the unbelief of many.
Jesus said to them, I am no longer with you. I will go my way to him who sent me.
so that I may reprove the house of Israel in the heart of themselves, because they all strive to be like me in their idols.
I will walk in the land of the living before Yahweh.
These are the portions which the priest shall take from the people: whoever offers an ox or sheep for sacrifice, he shall offer the thigh, and the two teeth, and give them to the priest.
I and all the people who I have with me will draw near to the city; and they will come up against us like a man at the first: then we will flee before them.
They cried aloud with a loud voice, and blew trumpets and thunders to Yahweh.
You shall not take vengeance, nor dishonor your people; but you shall love your neighbor as yourself. I am Yahweh.
Therefore let us draw near therefore to the throne of grace, that we may have mercy, and that grace may be our help in times of need.
They cried out, saying, Let him die! Let him be crucified! Pilate said to them, Do you want me to crucify your king? The chief priests answered, No, except Caesar, and we have no king. Therefore Pilate delivered Jesus into crucified.
Can a reed lift itself up, when it has no moisture? or can a reel of reeds lift themselves up?
Yahweh your God has multiplied you greatly: and behold, you are this day as the stars of the sky in multitude.
As the battle grew more and more fierce, the commanding officer feared that he might be torn in pieces; and he commanded the soldiers to go down, and took Paul out of the midst of them, and brought him into the camp.
Six days you may have enough, but on the seventh day is a Sabbath. On that day you shall have no need.
but that the world may know that I have affection for the Father, and do whatever is the Father's commandment. Arise, and let us go.
He put the law in the ark, and put the poles in the chest, and the mercy seat on the top of it.
But if you will not listen to our voice, then we will bring our sister.
I will turn my ear to the parable. I will bring forth my thoughts from the altar.
Babylon was the cup of gold that was in the hand of Yahweh, that made the whole land drink; and the nations drank of its wine: therefore the nations were perplexed.
For his iniquity is laid up in heaven. God remembers his ruined city.
Righteousness is his belt, And faithfulness his habitation.
Your two breasts are like one of those who eat the grass in the hen's blood, Which is twins with the roe.
Yahweh said to me, Take a great platter, and write on it a writing of justice for Mahsehazzar Hash Baz.'
Joseph called for his liver, and performed the perfumer's test on his father. The liver performed the test on Israel.
Yahweh said to Moses, Stretch out your hand over the land of Egypt, that the locusts may come up and possess the land, and eat all the herbs of it, which are blasted with hail.
I will speak against this people all their wickedness, that they have forsaken me, and have burned incense to other gods; and I will declare my judgments against them.
When I cry for help, He doesn't hear my prayer.
When he had found him, he said to him, All the people seek you.
For though I am absent from you, my heart remains with you, even as I have sinned in the name of the Lord Jesus,
They said to Aaron, Make us gods, and lead us; for Moses, who brought us up out of Egypt, doesn't know what has happened to us.'
Your ways are holy, God. Who is like you, Who has excelled yourself so greatly,
God said to Noah, This is the token of my covenant, which is between me and all flesh on the earth.
Don't let loving kindness and faith go away from you. They remain in your neck, and in your heart.
that all the people may turn to you; and the people shall be at peace, because the man of whom you seek has turned back as all the multitude:
They took all the women of the city, small and great, and didn't kill any of them, but only carried them away captive.
Outside of the assembly of the Jews, Greeks, and of God, you shall not be a burden to them.
Listen to the prayer of your servants, and of your people Israel, when they pray toward this place: hear from heaven, and hear from your dwelling place; and when you hear, forgive.
neither went up to Jerusalem to those who were before me apostles, but went into Syria, and afterward to Damascus.
Jonathan said to David, I will do you whatever your soul desires.
God magnified himself in his house.
He made the two doors of the house of olive wood; and on them were cherubim, palm trees, and flowers, of gold; and gold was beaten out on cherub and palm trees.
He will judge among the nations. He will fill every place with the dead body. In many nations he will strike the head of their enemies.
You shall bring Aaron, and his sons, and their garments, and an oxen, and one ram, and two unleavened cakes;
But if a woman praying or prophesying doesn't put off her head, but her own head, even her husband, the same is like the woman who is put away, and the head is taken away.
But we will praise Yahweh from this time forth and forevermore. Praise Yah!
You shall offer these with their drink offerings; besides the continual burnt offering, and the meal offering of it, you shall offer no blemish.
She sings before men, saying, I have sinned. I have turned aside from it. It is not good for me.
Consider this, you servants of God, and don't wait for me to tear you to pieces, and there will be no one to deliver you.
If a man sinning a sin worthy of death, and is killed, and you hang him on a tree;
Thus says he, The fourth animal shall be the fourth kingdom on the earth, and he shall have no dealings with all the kingdoms of it; and it shall spread abroad, and shall swallow it up and break it in pieces.
If your father doesn't see me, then you shall say, David earnestly seeks to get him to his city, Bethlehem; for he and his household shall sacrifice there.
Lord, how long will you look at it? Deliver my soul from their cares, My life from the winged lions.
But to another, behold, the commandment which I write to you is new. Yes, it is true to me to speak to you in Christ, for the darkness is gone, and the light is gone.
The Ninevehites will rise up with this generation in the judgment on the day of judgment, to condemn it; for they have heard the word of Jonah, and repented; and behold, someone greater than Jonah is here.
It happened on the next day, that they rose up early, and worshiped before Yahweh; and they returned to Ramah to his house: and Elknah was with Hannah, his wife; and God remembered Hannah.
Praise be to you, heavens! Rejoice, earth! Sing to the mountains, for Yahweh has comforted his people, And has compassion on those who are afflicted.
Yahweh said to him, Go up, go down, you shall rise up with Aaron; but the priests and the people shall not come near to Yahweh to the presence of the people, lest he come out and strike them suddenly.
There were also two robbers who were with him: one on the right hand, and one on his left.
After these two days Jesus departed from there into Galilee.
Why don't you take this ointment, and sell it for three hundred pieces of silver, and give it to the poor?
Will you yet be haughty toward my people, and won't let them go?
Then I came to Taberah, and lived by the captivity of those who were carried away beyond the river Chebar, to the place where they lived: and there I was seven days, and there was terror and astonishment.
For Jesus knew who it was who would betray him. Therefore he said, You are not all clean.
It happened, as Moses went down from Mount Sinai, that the two tables of the covenant were in his hand; and as he went down, his face shone with the light of God, and Moses himself didn't know it.
But that same man doesn't know that there is a deep sleep with him. His friends lie in wait in the deep of Sheol.
Even so, even as we have become an abomination in the sight of men, even so also the house of Artemis the great will be despised. The goddess of Asia and of the earth will fall from her honor.
When the Pharisees heard that he was more baptizing than John, they were more baptized than many.
If the Lord Yahweh didn't show to his servants the thoughts of his secret, they would have done nothing.
Yahweh often delivers them, but they rebelled against him in their schemes; for their iniquities are grown up.
Now Phinehas the son of Eleazar had ruled over them, and Yahweh was with him.
This was the pattern of every work: there were compasses on all four sides, and their compasses were in the four corners.
but you shall not eat its blood. It shall be poured out on the earth, and mixed with water.
Saul said, Yahweh bless you, for you have compassion on me.
He who has understanding says, We were afraid to part you, because God made you to ride on horses.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
As a lion roars with a loud voice, They will tear me apart.
He didn't lay his hand on the honorable of Israel. They saw God, and they ate and drank.
He who is perverse in heart is an abomination to Yahweh, But he who works blamelessly is his delight.
Yahweh spoke to Gad, David's seer, saying,
Let them praise Yahweh for his loving kindness, For his wonderful works to the children of men!
The third lot was for the children of Zebulun according to their families.
When they had come down, they blew the trumpet in the hill country of Ephraim; and the children of Israel went down after him from the mountain: and Ehud went before them.
I cry to you. Save me. I will keep your precepts.
This is the pattern of the ark: three hundred cubits long, and fifty cubits broad, and thirty cubits high.
Every bull, whether it is a son of man, or a daughter, shall do according to this ordinance.
Yahweh heard the voice of your words, and Yahweh said to me, I have heard the words of this people, which they have spoken to you; and all their words are good.
If he be with me, and kill me, then we will be your bondservants; but if I prevail against him, kill him, then you shall be our bond servants, and serve us.
This hope is not laid low, because God has poured out love into our hearts through his Spirit which he gave to us.
I have prayed to you, Yahweh. In the morning, my prayer will come before you.
Son of man, hear the word that I speak to you: don't be rebellious, as the rebellious house; open your mouth, eat that which I give you.
It happened, when the children of Israel were in the wilderness, that they found a man gathering wood on the Sabbath day.
Did God say to one angel, Sit at my right hand, Until I make your enemies under your feet?'
They come to violence. Their faces are set forward. They assemble the captives as the sand.
When he had come and worshiped at Jerusalem, he departed to go his way. He sat on the chariot reading Isaiah the prophet.
As for your remnant, I will cause them to be dismayed in the land of their enemies; and the sound of the rushing of the rivers shall pursue them; and they shall flee, as they flee from the sword; and none shall follow them: and he shall fall.
He did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh; he didn't depart from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, with which he made Israel to sin.
Now therefore, if you stretch out your hand on him, and touch all that he has, he shall utterly throw you off.
and have torn the kingdom from the house of David; but you were not like my servant David, who kept my commandments, and followed me, and did that which was right in my eyes.
You shall see the destruction of my house in the day that Yahweh gives glory to Israel; and there shall be no remnant in your house forever.
The king of Samaria shall perish, as the letter that is written on the surface of the waters.
There are two women in the lab, who say continually, Give me, give me. Of these there are four which are too many for a man to say:
He arose, and went to Zarephath. When he was at the gate of the city, behold, a widow was gathering wood in the land. He said to her, Please give me a little water to drink.
They shall keep all the vessels of the tent of meeting, and shall keep the charge of the children of Israel, for the service of the Tent of Meeting.
Amaziah returned from the slaughter of Edom, and took the gods of the sons of Seir, and made them his gods, and worshiped them, and burnt incense to them.
I applied my heart to know wisdom, to know madness and foolishness; and I knew that this also was a chasing after wind.
Or have you rejected us, God? Or have you not gone forth with our armies?
Micah said to him, From whence came you? He answered, I am a Levite out of Bethlehem Judah, to seek a place to dwell in.
Then stood Jeshua, and Bani, and Kadmiel, and Shebaiah, and Bunni, and Serebiah and Janin, and Chilion, on the brass of the Levites, and cried to Yahweh their God.
These are the words which Yahweh commanded Moses and the children of Israel in the land of Moab, besides the covenant that he made with them in Horeb.
The wine gushed out outside the city, and blood came out of the wine girded both its pitchers and its spoons, about three hundred gerahs.
Yahweh spoke to Joshua, saying,
He came with his disciples to a place called Gaius. He said to his disciples, Sit here until evening, and I will pray.
The king made almug trees for the house of Yahweh, and for the king's house, and harps for the singers: there was nothing like it seen in the land of Judah.
Zedekiah said to Jeremiah, Don't let anyone know these words, and you shall not die.
Send me forth your light and your truth. Bring me to your holy mountain, To your tent of meeting.
He has shown great power to his people. He has given them the inheritance of the nations.
In the third year of Cyrus king of Persia came a certain thing to Daniel, who was called Belteshazzar; and the thing was true, and concerning great war; and Daniel understood the thing, and understood the vision.
God will destroy you forever. He will take you, and thrust you out of your tent, And take you from the land of the living. Selah.
On the south side of Kelethim, on the border of Judah, and on the south of the land of Canaan, we burned Ziklag with fire.
You shall not speak of the conspiracy of this people, which they speak; neither shall you be afraid, nor be dismayed.
God is one who will not die, but remains in a light that is not seen. No one has seen him, neither will any see him. To him be the honor and the everlasting dominion. Amen.
I will cause the pestilence and the blood to enter into the streets of Sidon; and the manslayer shall lie in the midst of it with the sword round about him; and they shall know that I am Yahweh.
Those who hate Yahweh shall come and submit themselves to him; But they shall endure many stripes.
Hear my voice, God, when I cry. Let my soul not be afraid of the adversary.
When he had said this, they saw him standing alone. But the disciples held their peace, and told no one what they had seen.
gave his offering: one silver platter, the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekel, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering;
It is not the work of the priests to make the heaven and the earth, but as Moses made the tabernacle, when he was about to make it, saying, See that you do according to all that I tell you on the mountain.
Those who don't listen to this great prophet shall be cut off from their people.
Yahweh said to Moses, This thing that you have spoken, I will also do it; for you have found favor in my sight, and I have called you by my name.
But Jesus refused, and said to him, Go to your house, and find your relatives, and show them the Lord's mercy on you, and how you have done great things.
Set up for yourselves a way for yourself, and set up pillars for your pillars; set your face toward the great way, on which you go, and return; return, and be in your cities.
A merciful man works for his own soul, But a cruel man destroys his own flesh.
The men of his city, who lived in the city, the elders of the city and the princes, did according to the word of Jezebel, which she had written to them in their letters.
But if you know that it is written, I desire mercy, and not sacrifice,' you can't justify the innocent by this saying.
Who has declared this to us from the beginning? Or who has declared it from the beginnings, that we should say, He is not cut; but neither has he shown it, nor made it known, nor heard your words.
It happened, while he was in Bethany, in the house of Simon the leper, as he sat at the table,
When they were glad, they didn't believe, but while they were still praying, he said to them, What can you eat?
Give glory to Yahweh, And glory to God, all you tribes of the people.
He said to them, This is what Yahweh, the God of Israel, says: Return to him who sent you to me, saying,
I saw a poor widow cast down two small brass coins.
Yahweh said to me, Take again all the vessels of your foolish shepherds,
He has stretched out his hand against his companions, And rebelled against his covenant.
Joshua sent messengers from Jericho eastward, and drew near to Ai of Beth Aven, and said to them, Go and see the land. They went and saw the city.
For I desire to have knowledge of this word, but I am paralyzed with sleep.
Jesus answered them, Pray for this, and it will be done to you.
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up against him, and bound him with fetters, to bring him to Babylon.
It will happen in that day, says Yahweh, That I will gather the lame together, And gather those who are driven out, And the afflicted with whom I have afflicted.
how I know how to pass through a multitude of people, and how I can pass through the multitude of fowls, whether hungry or thirsty, whether rich or poor, all things are well with me.
I heard the voice of my heart. At the sound of the voice, my lips were made pure. My bones were decaying. I trembled in my place. I kept silence until the day of calamity came, Until the people who were in the land had come up.
It happened after some days, that Jesus came from Nazareth of Galilee, and was baptized by John at the Jordan.
The jailer awoke, and saw that the doors were opened, and that the prisoners were fled. He drew his sword, and killed them.
The word of Yahweh came to me in the eleventh year, in the first day of the month, saying,
I will fly far off, and will lodge in the wilderness. Selah.
He will save us from the adversary, From the hand of all those who hate us;
So Samuel brought near all the tribes of Israel; and he took the tribe of Benjamin:
The enemy will be destroyed, and the land will be desolate forever. You have destroyed their cities, and no man will remember them any more.
Have you seen how Ahab humble himself before me? for he humble himself in my sight: therefore I will not bring this plague on him in the days of his life, but in the day of his son shall I bring it on his house.
Why are we judged, Shishak? Why are we forsaken, the praise of the whole sky? why are Babylon become a desolation among the nations?
Plans were made in his right hand for the ark that was to go to Jerusalem: for the head of the lamb, and for the opening of his mouth, and to cry out with a loud voice, against the gate of the city, to raise up a mound against it.
Martha said to him, Lord, if you are here, our brother will not die.
The seventh angel sounded with a trumpet, and a great voice in heaven, saying, The Kingdom of our God and the Kingdom of his Christ will he reign over all generations.
Of the children of Dan, their generations, by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all who were able to go out to war;
The fields are disappointed, and hang down their heads; Because there is no rain, and the earth is pitiable.
It shall happen in the seventh year, on the tenth day of the month, that you shall blow the trumpet with a great shout; and you shall sound an alarm throughout all the land in the day of atonement.
Afterward the brook dried up, because there was no water in the land.
If you ask for understanding, If you cry for understanding with loud voice;
They chose new gods, and the battle came to the gate of their city: and Israel forty thousand men saw the shield and the spear.
Yahweh said to Gideon, I will save you with three hundred men who draw water, and will deliver the Midianites into your hand; and all the people shall return to their place.
So these two years they were fulfilled, that all who lived in Asia had heard the word of the Lord, both Jews and Greeks.
Elijah said to him, Return in peace, and let the God of Israel grant you that which you have asked of him.
When he saw that there was no man there, he struck the Egyptian, and killed him in the mountain.
Therefore, brothers, we are comforted through your faith in all adversity.
One of the multitude cried out, Teacher, come and see my son! He is my son's son!
to the glory of the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, which is to be glorified in you, and to you, in the grace of our God and of our lord Jesus Christ.
The hand of Yahweh will be on this mountain, and the Moabites will tread down the land in which they dwell, as the dry grass is treading down in the pool of dung.
Don't I command you? be strong, and don't be afraid, neither be dismayed; for Yahweh your God will be with you wherever you go.
Then Deborah and Barak the son of Abinoam sang that day:
Whoever touches any part of his body or of his flesh shall be unclean until the evening; and he who touches it shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be impure until the night.
Even though you didn't see him, you still believed in him, even though you had not seen him. You have spoken with words without blemish,
I will shoot three arrows at the rock. I will gird myself like a gazelle.
The five men of the land of Laish said to their brothers, Do you know that there is a priest in this house, and an engraved image and a molten image in that house? now consider, and see what shall be good?
I have seen a great evil under the sun, that he keeps his wealth for himself.
Out of his mouth proceed coals of fire, Fire out of cups.
He sent before them one man, whom Joseph could not go to be a bondservant.
Don't desire that night, When the people are consumed in their land.
and say, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: A great eagle, and a great owl, and the young raven, and ten young grasshoppers, and an osprey; and they shall fly to Lebanon, and take the ends of the cedar trees;
Now it is not Adam who is deceived, but the woman who is tempted by deceit to fall.
They said, We know him. He said to them, Is it well? They answered, It is well. Behold, Rachel, his daughter, she is shearing the sheep.
It will be a day of great anger, a time of distress, a day for destruction, a night of darkness, a Day of thick darkness,
Go up, go up to Gilead, and take frankincense; for with much provision you shall not be healed.
Destroyers shall come on every city, and none shall be moved; and the valley shall be wasted, and the lowland shall be destroyed, says Yahweh.
It happened at the end of three years, that the two servants of Shimei fled to Achish the son of Maacah king of Gath. They said to Shimei, Behold, your servant is in Gath!
For they are not lifted up from the east, nor from the west, Nor from the south.
David was faint, and said, Who will give me water to drink from the well of Bethlehem?
It happened at the end of forty years, that an angel appeared to Moses in the flame of a brazier in the wilderness of Sinai.
He was sixteen years old when he began to reign; and he reigned fifty-two years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Jehoiada of Jerusalem.
You shall offer an offering made by fire, of a burnt offering to Yahweh: two young bulls, one ram, seven male lambs a year old without blemish;
Or don't you know that your body is the body of Christ? Shall I then make his body a body of travail? Far from it.
At that time Mahanaim struck Topheth, and all who were therein, even all the towns of it, from Tirzah; for they didn't open the gate to it: therefore they struck him, and cast out all the women who were in the midst of them.
For in whatever place there are two who are gathered together in my name, I will be with them.
So they called the days of Purim by the name of Pul. They were called Purim because of all the words of the letter, and because of the things which their eyes saw in this, and in that which happened to them.
It happened in the eighteenth year of king Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, in the fifth month, and in the seventh day of the month, that Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard, who was of Babylon's guard, came to Jerusalem,
He took the twelve disciples, and said to them, Behold, now we are going up to Jerusalem, where it is written that all things concerning the Son of Man shall happen.
David was afraid of Yahweh that day, saying, How shall the ark of God come to me?
His bones are like brass, And his members like iron.
When Elisha the man of God heard that the king of Israel had torn his clothes, he sent to the king, saying, Why have you torn your clothes? cause him to come to me, that he may know that there is a prophet in Israel.
He destroyed the pillars, and cut down the Asherim, and filled the places with bones.
The birds of the sky, the fish of the sea, and all the living creatures that are in the sea have dominion over him.
From the days of John the Baptizer until now, the Kingdom of Heaven has been subdued, and the strong have taken their spoil with their power.
He went to Ophrah to his father's house, and killed the sons of Jerubbaal, seventy men his brothers, on one stone; but Jotham his youngest son was left, because he had hid himself.
The spirit of the holy will give knowledge, But a loud tongue will speak and understand.
even as God has revealed the prophets, that their service is not for themselves, but for you, through the Spirit who was sent from heaven, and through the angel of the Good News. These things are known to the angels, and they wait to know them.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
I have not gotten money or clothing from anyone;
The glory of Yahweh mounted up from the city, and lived on the mountain eastward;
The mouth of the righteous stirs up many; But the foolish die by reason of ignorance.
The women said to Naomi, Blessed be Yahweh, who this day has not forsaken you, that you should not be defiled: and now may this child have a name in Israel.
Their heart is like oil, But I love your law.
God will not be turned from his anger. He will cast down Lazarus under his wings.
As a valley that is scattered, As the garden that is by the river, As a cedar that Yahweh knows, As an oaks that are by the waters.
He came again, and found them sleeping, for their eyes were heavy. They didn't know how to answer him.
The light was in the darkness, but the darkness didn't receive the light.
Therefore I exhort you in the name of the Lord, not to follow after the manner of the Gentiles in vain, in vanity and in bitterness,
Out of the tribe of Dan, Jearim with its suburbs, and Gibbethon with the suburbs of it,
Jesus stood still, and called to him, and fetched him. When he was come, Jesus asked him,
For you say, Where is king's house?' Where is the house of the wicked in the day of his visitation?
A quarrel breaks out over a herd of oxen, And a sore nose stirs up strife.
The fatherless also, and the foreigner, who is of the Gentiles, were in the midst of you.
Moses said to Yahweh, Therefore the Egyptians shall hear, because you have brought up this people out of the midst of them by your power.
Now Ishmael his son was twelve years old when he was circumcised in Israel.
When they heard that Jesus was raised, they also showed Mary, and she didn't believe them.
His glory among the nations. His wondrous works among the peoples.
Then Uzziah took the censer in his hand to burn incense; and as he was angry with the priests, he began to leprous before the altar of the house of Yahweh, and his forehead was covered with leprosy.
She poured ashes on her head, and tore the purple garments that she had put on, and walked with her hands on her shoulders, and cried out as she went.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
You shall not touch it with your hand, but shall stone it with stones, or shoot it at it; neither shall any man or animal touch it, until it be so that when the trumpet thunders, they shall come to the ground.
In the twenty-first year of Jeroboam king of Israel began Asa to reign over Judah.
He set him on the high places of the earth, to eat the fruit of the field; and he gave him honey from the rock, and oil from the fire;
The master of the house said to his servant, Go into the way, and turn aside to the side of the road, that no one may enter in, that my house may be filled.
Blessed is he who is broken for sin, For God will comfort him.
For I will pray for you, and for the house of Yahweh our God, because of the might of it.
For if any good work is done, he will have a good name, and will be able to speak in the word of Christ Jesus.
They have ears, but they can't hear; And a nose, but can't see.
It happened, when they were come into Samaria, that Elisha said, Please open the eyes of the men, Yahweh, that they may see; and they opened their eyes, and they saw, and were not struck; for it was in the city of Samaria.
Absalom fled. The young men of the watchman lifted up his eyes, and looked, and behold, many people were come after him by the way of the mountain.
Behold, I will make you a new vessel of grain, and it shall be old; and you shall beat the mountains to the teeth, and make the hills like chaff.
The table for the service of burnt offering was four tables of stone, square in length, and a cubit and a half in breadth: and the burnt offering and all the instruments of it were laid on them.
Now the law of the children of Israel was of the priests of the Levites, but if by this it is possible for a man to be found out, let there not be another priest appointed besides the priest whom Melchizedek has appointed, whom Aaron has not appointed.
Jesus sat opposite the treasury of the treasury, and saw all the people cast lots, and many rich people casting lots.
There shall be no inhabitant therein forever, neither shall there ever be any inhabitant: the Arabians shall not pitch their tents, nor let the shepherds cause their flocks to lie down there.
You shall not make a ransom for the soul of the manslayer who dies of blood: he shall surely be put to death.
I have been strong for the house of my God. I have prepared gold for the gold, and silver for the silver, and brass for the vessels, and iron for the iron, and timber for the wood, and precious stones for the light, and for the stones of the field, and of all kinds of stones.
Ahaziah was forty-two years old when he began to reign; and he reigned one year in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Athaliah the daughter of Omri.
He said to them, Behold, the fear of Yahweh is wisdom. To depart from evil is understanding.
a wind storm, that doesn't know how to rain, and a tempest, mixed with the mire of the burnt offering;
He spoke of the bramble, and of the cedars of Lebanon, to the heaps of hewn stone that were on the wall, and concerning the animals, the birds, the creeping things, and the watercourses.
The wise seek knowledge with all their heart, But the mouth of fools delight in folly.
He bestowed on the king a hundred talents of gold, and a great array of spices, and precious stones. He brought no more as the king of Sheba had bestowed on Solomon.
If your brother is poor, and lives with you, and sells himself to you, you shall not make him serve you as a servant.
You shall not carry gold, silver, or brass in your waistbands.
Yahweh's work is great. All those who love him will delight themselves in his works.
So you will be our pride and our praise in the day of our Lord Jesus Christ.
When Joab saw that the battle was before him, he chose out of all the army of Israel, and put them in array against the Syrians.
All the surrounding people begged him to depart from them, for they were afraid. He got into his boat, and departed.
I spoke also to the priests and to all the people of the land, saying, Thus says Yahweh, Don't listen to the prophets who prophesy to you; and they say, Behold, the vessels of the house of God shall not yet depart out of Babylon; but they prophesy a lie to you.
I, Yahweh, adjure you in righteousness, to take your hand, and to keep you, that you may be a sign of the covenant of the people, and a light to the Gentiles;
Now I tell you, don't take these men, and let them go; for if their counsel and their doings are of men, they will be destroyed;
The wicked man who departs from before the king shall be established in righteousness.
You shall fear Yahweh your God, and you shall serve him, and be in his council, and swear in his name.
If I am shut up for fear of the multitude, Because of the reproach of the fathers, That I should not be afraid to go out;
For we don't have the right to receive an inheritance, or to keep a custom.
It happened on the next day, that the Philistines came to take the slain men; and they found Saul and his three sons fallen on Mount Gilboa.
The robe he was clothed with was white and crimson. His name was the Way of God.
Then appeared the sign on the hand of the man who had the sudden stroke, and wrote it on the king's breastplate, and on the tablet of the lampstand; and when the king saw that it was written,
You shall remember that you were a bondservant in the land of Egypt: therefore I command you that you do this.
It shall happen, if you shall listen to the voice of Yahweh your God, that all these blessings shall come on you, and overtake you:
that you may be revealed in him the love that is in you, in the knowledge of him who has been perfect in knowledge.
On this side was the face of a man toward the palm tree; and on that side were the faces of a lion toward the trees: thus was it in the house round about.
It shall happen, when your people go out to battle against their enemies by the way which you shall send them, and they pray to you toward this city which you have chosen, and toward the house which I have built for your name,
The Jews were looking for him in the feast, and they asked him, Where is he?
But let our Lord's exhortation be a salvation, which Paul our beloved spoke in the wisdom of God, in writing to you in the days of our Lord.
He made ten bases of brass: their poles, their spoons, and their sockets were of one piece.
Yahweh will reign over all the earth. Yahweh is one day, and his name is one.
He is not the God of the dead, but of the living, for everyone lives for the Lord.
Leah conceived, and bore a son, and named him Reuben; for he said, Yahweh has seen my affliction. Now my husband loves me.
Many of my brothers, because of my cross, believed in the Lord more fully, and spoke boldly without fear.
For they have devised devices against you, But they shall not prevail.
The offering is for a wayfaring man, To bring him before the mighty man.
I will offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving to you. I will call on the name of Yahweh.
But put your trust in strong faith, for you know that all the brothers who are in all the earth are in the same affliction.
All the elders of Israel came to the king to Hebron; and David made a covenant with them in Hebron before Yahweh: and they anointed David king over Israel, as Yahwehi had spoken by Samuel.
When you see Nahash king of the children of Ammon come against you, then he says to me, No; but we have a king over us. As Yahweh your God is your King.
Most assuredly I tell you, there was a famine in Israel in the days of Elijah three and half years, and great famines throughout all the land.
Joseph brought in Jacob his father, and stood before Pharaoh. He blessed Pharaoh.
He who blesses you, I will bless him; and he who curses you, he will be unpunished: and all the families of the earth shall be blessed in you.
If you eat, and if you drink, aren't you eating, and you drink?
then your heart shall be turned, and you shall humble yourself before Yahweh; for when you heard the words which he spoke against this place, and against the inhabitants of it, then you did humble yourselves before me; and you tore your clothes, and wept before me, and I heard your words: I have heard them.
So you testify to yourselves that you were the seed of those who killed the prophets.
You have gnashed on my feet with your feet. You have marked all my ways. Your feet have marked out my steps.
When they had entered into the city, they began to raise up a loud voice from the upper chamber where they were staying: and there were Peter, John, James, Andrew, Philip, Thomas, Bartholomew, Maasai, and Simon, the son of Alphaeus, and Judas, son of Jacob.
I will praise you on the altar, And praise your faithfulness, O Holy One of Israel.
They said therefore to him, You are the disciples of the man, and we are Moses' disciples.
He said, bless me. Behold, you have set me in the land of the South. Give me springs of water. He gave him the upper springs and the lower springs.
Sarah was afraid, and denied it, and said, I have no laugh. He said, There is no laugh, but you do laugh.
The children of Benjamin returned at that time; and the children of Israel gave to them the daughters of Jabesh Gilead, which he had left to live.
As a prisoner of the Lord, I beg you to stand firm in the calling of God.
Jehoshaphat the son of Asa reigned in his place, and strengthened himself against Israel.
who confesses this, but not by the Spirit of God, but by the adversaries of Christ, who have heard that it is coming, and that it has now come into the world.
Jesus touched his hand, and immediately the fever left him, and he rose up and waited for him.
Like the head of a dead animal, so is the body of the beast. His body was healed, and all the multitudes were filled with wonder, and they went after that beast.
He built the court of the priests, the great court, and the gate of the court; and he overlaid the gates with brass.
The waters prevailed on the earth forty days: and the waters prevailed, so that the ark floated on the surface of the earth.
If you seek after money as diligently as you seek silver, Or if you search after hidden treasures as you search for gold,
then the elders of his city shall call him, and speak to him, if he rashly says, I will not take him;
When they had been baptized, he was also baptized. As he prayed, the heavens opened,
Ain with its suburbs, and Uthath and its suburbs; Beth Shemesh with its towns; and the nine cities, out of the two tribes.
They were led away, and laid with him, both dead and alive.
He who does evil will be called a man of iniquity.
Laban and Bethuel answered, It is of Yahweh; we can't speak either good or bad to you.
I am not a living me, but Christ lives in me. I am living the Son of God, and he loves me, because of the loss of my life.
The whole congregation of the Philistines were thirty-three thousand seven hundred fifty,
Jehoash king of Israel took Amaziah king of Judah, the son of Jehoash son of Ahaziah, in Beth Shemesh, and brought him to Jerusalem; and he broke down the walls of Jerusalem from the gate of Ephraim to the corner gate, four hundred cubits.
Doesn't the king say, The son of David is born out of Bethlehem of David?'
You shall destroy all the nations which Yahweh has destroyed before you; and you shall be destroyed; because you have not listened to the voice of YahweH your God.
Rejoice always in the Lord. Again, I say this, rejoice.
For if a tree is cut down, yet has hope and a root, and the two branches shall not be severed.
Who saves others, and can't save himself? King over Israel! Let him come down from the cross, and we will believe.
Every bed whereon he lies shall be unclean, and every place whereon his lie shall be clean.
It happened at the end of the year, when the kings went out, that David sent Joab, and his servants, and all Israel; and they struck the children of Ammon, and turned against Rabbah: and David remained in Jerusalem.
Hezekiah turned his face toward the wall, and prayed to Yahweh, and said,
When I come to you, don't pull me away from you, for I will not pull myself away from them, who walk in the ways of sensual things.
We roar like a bear, we call like a turtledove. We hope for justice, but there is none. For salvation, but it is far from us.
Grace to you and peace from God the Father and Jesus Christ, the Son of the Father; that our life may be full of truth and love.
I adjure you, daughters of Jerusalem, By the roes and by the hinds of the field, That you not stir up, nor awaken love, Until it so desires.
All the silver that was found in the house of Yahweh was poured out, and delivered into the hand of the taskmasters and the laborers.
He went out again in the morning, and behold, a man in glory stood by the entrance of the highway.
For the king's ships were with the servants of Huram in Tarshish, bringing gold, and silver, and ivory, and apes, and peacocks, twice in the three years.
When Joshua was dead, the children of Israel said to Yahweh, Who shall go up first to battle against the Canaanites who fight against us?
Now there was a man in Lystra who sat down by himself for a while, but from birth he was lame, and could not walk.
He broke down the tower of Penuel, and killed the men of the city.
I will tell him the number of my steps. I will come to him like a king.
in that they conspired against you in deceit, in the matter of Beor, and in the question of her sister, the daughter of the princes of Midian, with deceitful counsel; for in the day of the pestilence was he found guilty; for the matter concerning Beor was laid to death.
After he was crucified, many testified about him that he was still alive. In the midst of the forty days he appeared to the apostles, and spoke to them concerning the Kingdom of God.
If the ear said, I am not blind; therefore I am therefore not part of the body. Therefore the ear wouldn't be part of its body.
He came near and gave them bread, and likewise to the fish.
Jehoram said, Put forth your chariot; and he put forth his chariot: and Jehoram king of Israel and Ahaziah king of Judah went out, everyone in his own chariot, to take Jehu, and found him in the field of Naboth the Jezreelite.
They also cast out many demons, and anointed many with oil, and healed them.
He marvels at his riches more than Egypt's riches, For he looks for the next reward.
For I have determined to make no mention of the rest, except in the matter of Jesus Christ, who was crucified with you,
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Will your heart be willing in the day that I visit you? will your hand be strong? Yahweh spoke this word, and it was done.
She had two wives. The name of the one was Hannah, and the name of it was Peninnah. She had sons, but Hannah had no daughters.
He said to the Benjamites, Go, hide yourselves among the vineyards,
Adonijah said to him, You are a stiff-necked man, but you shall surely bring forth good news.
They meet every day in the temple with one mind, and each one of them prepares bread for the Holy Spirit. They eat and drink with joy in the spirit of truth, and praise God.
They answered him, Our fathers were Abraham. Jesus said to them, If you were Abraham's seed, you would have done Abraham's work.
I tell you that a camel is more desirable than a rich man to enter into the Kingdom of Heaven.
If you take the meal offering of the furnace to be a meal offering, you shall prepare unleavened cakes of fine flour mixed with oil, and unleavening wafers of anointed with oil.
He sent also the young men of Israel to offer burnt offerings, and to offer peace offerings to Yahweh.
She went straight on the way to Beth Shemesh; and she went on by the way, and went softly, and didn't turn aside to the right hand nor to the left: and the lords of the Philistines followed after her, to the border of Beth Hemesh.
When Adoni-Zedek king of Jerusalem heard that Joshua had taken Ai, and that he had utterly destroyed it, and had dealt with Ai and with its king, as he had dealt also with Jericho and with her king, and heard that the inhabitants of Gibeon had made peace with the children of Israel, and lived therein,
The land of Egypt is before you; that your father and your brothers may dwell in the best of the land, in the land of Goshen; and if you know that among them are some of them, then you shall give them charge over my livestock.
Remember them, my God, for they have defiled the priesthood, and have broken the covenant of the priests the Levites.
You will be hated by all men for my sake.
I will set apart my people from your people, and this sign shall be seen tomorrow.'
You shall fast your tongue, and shall speak no evil; you shall fasten your lips, and speak no deceit.
It shall be, that the sons of Levi, who bear the charge of the priests, though they are Abraham's seed, and all the children of Israel are brothers, they shall be commanded to take one tenth of the tithe, which they received from the people.
Then Judah was his sanctuary, Israel his kingdom.
Jesus saw the two boats on the sea, and the fishermen were going from boat to boat.
Into any city, or into any incense offering, shall you inquire among yourselves who is willing to accept you, and shall sojourn there until you depart.
Now therefore, Yahweh my God, remember the prayer and the supplication of your servant, and listen to the cry which your servant makes before you this day.
Give glory and strength to Yahweh, And strength to God's son.
For you have not bought me horses for money, neither have you filled me with the fat of your sacrifice; but you have caused me to labor in your iniquity, and I to be weary in your sin.
Judah the son of Jacob, and Judas Iscariot, who betrayed him,
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, everyone who entered into the service, for work in the Tent of Meeting.
and I will establish him forever in my house, in my kingdom; and his throne shall be established forever.
While he was still sowing, some fell by the road; and the bird came, and devoured it.
Yahweh said to Joshua, Don't be afraid of them; for I have delivered them into your hand; and they shall not stand before you any more.
All the flocks and the herds, The animals of the field,
Son of man, prophesy concerning it, and tell Gog, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: Don't you know, O my people Israel, in the day of solemn rest?
From the river Euphrates to the land of the Philistines, and to all the kingdoms of Egypt, did Solomon rule over them. They came near to Solomon all the days of his life.
The beatings of a friend are pleasant, But the kiss of an enemy is long.
The gods will be destroyed together.
He said to them, What are you arguing with them?
Don't forsake me, Yahweh. Don't be far from me, my God.
Jesus answered them, Don't you think? You don't know the Scriptures, nor the power of God.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: In the first month, on the first day of the month, take bulls without blemish, and cleanse the sanctuary.
Then Zedekiah the king commanded to shut up Jeremiah in the court of the guard, and to bring him a handful of the shekel from the house of the bread keepers day by day, until there be no shekel in the city. So Jeremiah remained in the courts of the guernacle.
The king said to his people, Behold, these people, even they, the children of Israel, are more mighty than we.
Then they emptied their sacks, so that no man's money was in their sacks; and when they and their fathers saw the money, they were dismayed.
For through your service, not only did you fulfill the need of the saints, but also multiplied the thanksgiving of God to many.
Into one house you shall go, and dwell there; and from there you shall travel.
We are holy. He who knows God listens to us, and he who doesn't know God doesn't listen to us. So we will discern between the Spirit of truth and the spirit of falsehood.
He let them go, because they were put to death for fear of death.
Let the king plead the cause of the afflicted, and deliver the poor, and shut up the oppressor.
He shall take a little of the increase of it, and lay it down on the ground, and shall not raise it up:
For you have revealed your servant, Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel, and said, I will build you a house: therefore your servant has done valiantly in this prayer to you.
Thus shall you tell them: All the gods who didn't make heaven and earth will perish from the earth and from under the sky.'
But Jesus was lying in the boat, and he was asleep. The disciples awoke him, and said to him, Teacher, do you not marvel that we are dying?
The child drew near in his belly, and she said, Why then has this happened to me? Then she went to inquire of Yahweh.
The elders of Jabesh said to him, Please let us go seven days, that we may send into all the borders of Israel; and if there is none to save us, then we will come out to you.
being charged us to forsake the natural function and the lust of the flesh, to walk in the purity of righteousness and the godliness of godliness,
Better is to have wise men than to have weak men; To have understanding than to understand justice.
Why are the house of God and the idols set apart? We are the temple of the living God. As God says, I will dwell with my people, and will walk among them; and I will be their God, and they will be my people.
They are healthful, yes, they are well-pleasing; They go down to Sheol in a moment.
Not for men only, but also for those who believe in me for the word which I have preached to them,
You shall not lie to one another; for you have put away your tradition and your works,
Jesus, knowing it, said to them, Why do you seek this woman? She has done a good work for me.
The wing of the cherub was five cubits; and it extended to the side of the house on the other side: and the wing of that cherub belonged to the other wing.
In everything, let no enemy make you afraid, so that you may be found justified in all things. This is the righteousness of God.
Then I said, My strength fails me. There is no hope for me in Yahweh.
David said to him, Who are you? From whence came you? He said, I am a young man of Egypt, a servant of the Amalekites; for three days have I been sick, and my master has forsaken me.
The Levites shall speak a great speech to all Israel, saying,
He lived at Jerusalem, and built cities in the land of Judah.
Reuben answered them, Didn't I tell you, Don't spoil the boy?' But you didn't listen. Therefore the iniquity of his blood is now on us.
Joseph's brothers, seeing that their father was dead, said, Could Joseph hate us, and bring on us all the evil that he has done to us, which he did to us before.
They found widows, and there was none to make them bake bread, or to comfort them because of the dead. They died, and no one made them drink the cup of comfort.
Behold, before him was a certain captain of the guard.
He stood and cried to all the army of Israel, and said to them, What are you about to do, go forth to the battle? Am I not a Philistine, and you aren't Saul's servant? choose one of you, and bring him down to me.
Many years shall a man live, and he shall rejoice in many years; but he shall consider the days of darkness, for they shall be many. Things that will come shall be vanity.
Son of man, why do you say in this parable, The days are not fulfilled, nor the visions fulfilled?
I will make him desolate, and he shall not be gathered, neither shall he lift up his head: he shall cast up briers and thorns; and I will command that no rain should fall on him.
who has given us the grace of riches, and has endowed us with all understanding,
Aaron was one hundred twenty-three years old when he died on Mount Hor.
God said, Let the expanse that is on the heavens be a bare expanse, and let it be for a sign and for a wonder, for a holy convocation, a time, and a year,
If a man have two wives, one to love, and one to hate, and they bore him sons, but the firstborn is the wife of hate.
The sons of Asaph who were singers stood in their place, according to the commandment of David, Asaph, Heman, and Jeduthun, the king's seer, the keepers of all the doors of the thresholds: they shall not depart from their work; for the Levites have provided for them.
David said to the people who were with him, Strike now every man his sword; and they struck, and David struck. There were about four hundred men who went up with David, and two hundred keeping tithes.
As they go, I will spread my net over them; and I will make it shake like a bird in the sky. I will deal with them according to the hearing of all their assembly.
But Zerubbabel and Jeshua, and the great men of the house of Israel, spoke to them, saying, Don't you want us to build our God's house? for we ourselves will build it for Yahweh, the God of Israel; as Cyrus king of Persia commanded us.
Moreover the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
On the seventh day wash your clothes, and you shall be clean; then you shall go into the camp.
Jehoiada the priest took a chest, and put it in the ark of the testimony, and set it by the side of the altar on the right hand of the house of Yahweh: and the priests of the porters put the money that was brought into the temple into the chest.
My face is darkened because of my tears; The shadow of death is on my eyes.
The priest shall offer the sin offering, and the man who desires to be cleansed shall make atonement for him concerning his uncleanness, and shall kill the burnt offering.
If they were given to my Father in heaven, it would be more tolerable for no one to snatch them out of his hand.
In the days of the house of God which was in Shiloh, the Danites made engraved images for themselves, which Micah had made.
The child grew, and went out to his father, and to the reapers.
Jerusalem, Jerusalem, you have killed the prophets, and have stoned the angels whom God has sent to you. I would have gathered your children together, as a hen gathers her young children in her sheifer, but you would not.
Some of the Sadducees, who didn't believe that they would die, came to him.
Yahweh said to Moses, Throw down before Yahweh all the heads of the fathers' houses of the people, first, and last day, that the fierce anger of God may be turned away from Israel.
But they scoffed at the angel of God, They despised his words, They rejected his prophets, until the anger of Yahweh was kindled against his people, and there was no healing.
even those who were numbered of them by their families, and by their fathers' houses, were two thousand six hundred thirty-one.
The man said to him, What is the commandment? Jesus answered, You shall not murder, nor commit adultery, nor steal, nor give false testimony;
Jesus answered them, Didn't I choose you twelve? One of you is a devil.
It is good that some men should die for the righteous; Or that some should perish for the good.
I will open my mouth with parables. I will speak out of the mouth of old,
Bring to me your fathers, and your households, and I will give you the good of the land of Egypt, and you shall eat the fish of the sea.
They turned again to the foreigner who was beyond the gate: from little to great, eye to eye, they saw no one; and they sought to the stronghold, but there was no gate.
Jacob said to him, My lord knows that the children are weak, and that the herds are also weak; for in one day the whole flock will die.
You shall labor in vain, because your land doesn't yield its increase, neither does the tree of its fruit yield its fruit.
Rejoice in Jerusalem, all you who love it. Rejoice in her. Be joyful in her mournings.
then the elders of the congregation shall lay their hands on the head of the bull, and kill it before Yahweh.
All nations shall call you blessed, says Yahweh of Armies; for your land shall be a pleasant land.
It happened in the days of Jehoiakim that Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up; and Jehoahim served him three years, and rebelled against him.
Moreover the children of the stranger who lives as a foreigner among you, and their household who lives with you in your land, you shall buy of them, and they shall be your inheritance.
He commanded us to preach the Good News to all, and testified that he was a judge of both the living and the dead.
and the whole house of Joseph, and his brothers, and the house of his father, only their little ones, and their flocks and their herds, were left in the land of Goshen.
You know him, but I know him. If I say, I don't know him,' then I am a liar with you. But I knew him, and have kept his word.
As we increased in your love toward one another, let the Lord also increase in the love of those who love one another day and night.
When they had made an end of arguing, Paul called his disciples, and spoke to them. Having talked with them, he arose and departed to Macedonia.
Jehoshaphat slept with his fathers; he and his fathers were buried in the city of David: and Jehoram his son reigned in his place.
The anger of Yahweh was kindled against Israel, and he sold them into the hand of the Philistines, and into the hands of the children of Ammon.
A woman without cause goes astray, And her handmaids take her away.
They killed the widow and the foreigner, And killed the fatherless and the motherless.
Joab the son of Zeruiah came out, and the servants of David; and they were met by the pool of Gibeon: and they sat down, one on this side, and another on that side, in the pool.
They poured out of the bag silver and gold, and weighed it in the balances of the earth, and hired the money changers to make it: and they fell on it, and worshiped it.
He rebuked all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and slave, he gave them a sign on their right hand or on their left.
Then his disciples said to him, Come, Rabbi, eat.
He shall take off Aaron's garments, and put them on Eleazar his son; and Aaron shall die there, and go to his own house.
The voice came again to him the second time, saying, You shall not defile the man whom God has made clean.
For I swallow up my food with sighing. I cry out like a flood.
The angel shall cast him down to the lowest pit, and shall shut him up; and he shall cause the wind to blow softly, that he may not deceive the nations to a thousand years; and after that he shall be released a little while.
Lift up your heart, and don't tear your clothes; return to Yahweh your God; for he is merciful, and gracious, and slow to anger, full of goodness, and repent of his calamity.
Yahweh said, I alone treads out wine. There is not a man among all the people who is not with me: I tread them down in my anger, and in my wrath have I trodden them down: their blood is on my garments, and I have made all my garments unclean.
Hurry to come to me.
But let his son be firstborn to his wife, and let all his inheritance be divided; for that is the beginning of his strength, and the name of his firstborn is his name.
You shall not lie with her in any animal, to defile yourself; neither shall a woman stand before the animal to lie with it: it is holy.
whether in heaven, or on earth, or in anything under the sky, or under the earth, that we may not cut off the love of God which is in Christ Jesus our Lord;
The good head and the bad tail together. The spirit is more than the heart.
Balak did according to the word of Balaam: and Balak and Balaaman sacrificed one bull and one ram in every altar.
The children of Israel again did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh; and God made Eglon king of Moab to be strong against Israel, because they had done that which God saw as evil.
the tent of meeting, its poles, its arches, its boards, its bars, its pillars, its sockets,
The Lamb went forward, and took the book from the right hand of him who sat on the throne.
saying, You, Christ, are a prophet! Who struck you?
Yahweh said to Moses, I will bring yet another evil on Pharaoh, and on Egypt; and he will let you go out. When he lets you go, he will drive you out from here.
Then I took the iniquity of your sin, the calf which you have made, and burned it with fire, and seasoned it with salt, and with oil as the dust; and I put the dust of it on the brook that is down from the mountain.
As I delight, let the Lord give me good serpents to eat, that I may bless you before I die.
My son, give me your heart. Let your eyes delight in my ways.
Brothers, don't let one another speak evil. When one speaks evil of a brother, or when one speaks wickedness against his brother, he speaks evil against the law. If you speak wickedness, you aren't a man of law, but of law.
They cried out, saying, We see that this man has deceived our people, and has withheld justice for the more, and called Christ, and king,
He reigned forty years in Jerusalem: and his name was Maacah the daughter of Absalom.
These are the words of Jeremiah the son of Hilkiah, priest of Benjamin in the city of Anathoth:
David ran, and fled to Ramah, and came to Samuel, and told him all that Saul had done to him: and he and Samuel went to Naioth.
There are some friends who, when they have many friends, are consumed by themselves. One friend is like a brother to another.
Have the workers of iniquity no knowledge? They swallow up my people like they eat bread. They don't call on God.
David sent messengers to the men of Jabesh Gilead, and said to them, Blessed be Yahweh, who has dealt kindly and truly with Saul your master, and buried him.
He blessed Abram, and said, May the Lord of heaven and the Most High bless Abram.
Their eyes desire to see the evil. They commit iniquity, and don't cease. They lie to a man in whom there is no strength. Their heart is set on covetousness. They deserve to be cursed.
So we know and believe that God loves us. God is love; and the love of the life is in him, and in God is God.
Is it lawful for you to carry the four ends of the earth on your shoulders, to drive the wicked out?
When he had prayed, he rose up, and went to the apostles. When he saw them, they were faint with hunger.
The watchman said, I saw first, as did Ahimaaz the son of Zadok. The king said, He is a good man, and brings good news.
Now the acts of Asa, first and last, behold, they are written in the book of the kings of Judah and Israel.
It will come to pass in that day, says Yahweh, will I not cut off the wise from Edom, And the prudent from the mountains of Esau?
In the day of my distress I seek the Lord. In the night I lift up my hands, and don't pray. My soul refuses to be comforted.
Yahweh has repaid me according to my righteousness. According to the cleanness of my hands he has rewarded me.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Then Joshua called for the Reubenites, and the Gadites and the half-tribe of Manasseh;
He took also the Levites, who were holy to Yahweh, and taught the children of Israel, saying, You shall put no holy ark in the house of Solomon the son of David king of Israel; neither shall you bear it on the shoulder: but you shall serve the holy covenant, and the people Israel.
One by one they spoke to the other, saying, I have bought a field. I must go and see it. Please understand.
I will stretch out my hand on Judah and on all the inhabitants of Jerusalem; and I will cut off from the land Baal's remnant, the name of Malchijah, and the priests.
Thus shall your light go forth as the morning light, and your wound shall be healed quickly; and your righteousness shall walk before you; and the glory of Yahweh shall be on you above.
your children shall be circumcised in the wilderness forty years, and bear the iniquity of your prostitution, until your dead bodies be consumed in the desert.
When I was in the world, I was the light of the world.
The work of the wicked is determined. His eyes don't see justice. He despises all his enemies.
Not that we ourselves have been wont to do such things, but we have been taught that we are of God.
The children of Dan, six hundred armed, stood at the door of the gate.
But there are certain Jews who have come out of Asia. If they tell me, they ought to tell it before you.
For the children of Israel and the Levites shall offer them sacrifices of grain, new wine and oil, and bring them into the storage house that is brought into the holy place, into the chamber of the priests who bear the priests' burden, and the porters, and those who keep the songs. So we will not leave the house of our God.
The five men who searched the land went in, and took the engraved images, the priests' garments, the images of the house, and the molten images: and the priests and six hundred men of the army stood at the door of the gate.
Thus says Yahweh: Am I a near God, and not a far God?
Josiah was eight years old when he began to reign; and he reigned thirty-one years in Jerusalem.
My bride, your lips shall be like a honeycomb, and your tongue shall have milk in your mouth; and the fragrance of your garments like the perfume of Lebanon.
It shall be, when harvest comes, that you shall give to Pharaoh a fifth part of the money, that it may be for the seed of the field, for your houses, and for the food of your little ones.
Shushan had a man of Judah by name, Mordecai the son of Jair, the son-in-law of Shimei, the Benjamite.
A sword will come on Egypt. When the slain of Egypt fall, the Ethiopians will be in anguish. They will lead their people captive, And will tear down their foundations.
Pour out your wrath on the nations that don't know you, On the nations which don't call on your name.
King Solomon appointed men to the house of Israel; and the appointed men were three hundred thousand.
If it isn't a dispute between two or three witnesses, then you shall not be accused.
The deep says, It isn't here; The great sea, it isn't with me.
The fish of the river shall die, and the waters shall be filled with bitterness; and the Egyptians shall abhor the waters of the River.
The Lord has commanded, And has exalted the woman who has good news.
Aaron shall lay his hands on the head of the living goat, and they shall confess to him all the iniquities of the children of Israel, and their disobedience, and all their sins: they shall be on the heads of the goats, and he shall carry them to the wilderness.
Isaac lived in the South, and by the way of Pilate he came.
The priest delighted in the heart of the priest, and took the ephod, and the images of the house, with the engraved images, and went among the people.
The thin heads swallowed up the seven heads of grain. Pharaoh awoke, and saw that it was a dream.
Thomas, also called Dorcas (the same is the name of the one), one of the twelve; but when he came, he didn't stay with them.
The word of Yahweh tempted him, Until he had fulfilled his word.
Then Ezra the priest stood up, and said to them, You have sinned: you have married foreign women to you, and have increased the children of Israel in sins.
But the children of Israel rebelled, seeking to reconcile themselves to God in the law, and found no avail.
Yahweh was with Joseph in all that he did, and he didn't forsake the staff of the guard, because of the work of God which he did. Yahweh brought him prosperity.
Now, brothers, concerning David, the prophet, I will most assuredly tell you that he is dead, and buried, and his grave is with us this day.
Six days shall work be done; but on the seventh day is a day of rest, a holy day to Yahweh: and whoever does any work on the Sabbath shall be put to death.
He shall kill the lamb of the trespass offering; and the priest shall take a little of the blood of his trespass offering, and put it on the tip of the right ear of him who is to be cleansed, and on the thumb of his right hand, and into the big toe of his left foot.
I, Jesus, send my angels to the assemblies, to testify about you. I am the beginning of David, and a son of his seed, a dawn of love.
Therefore whoever confesses me before men, I will also confess him before my Father who is in heaven.
Then said Jehoshaphat, Isn't there here a prophet of Yahweh here, that we may inquire of him by him? One of the servants of the king of Israel answered, Behold, there is Elisha the son of Shaphan, who drew the water in the hand of Elijah.
So Abner returned to Hebron; and Joab took him to the entrance of the gate of the city, and spoke with him secretly: and he fell on his body there; and he died because of Asahel his brother.
Be strong and of good courage; for you shall give this people possession of the land, which I swore to their fathers.
But Yahweh will rejoice over him, and put him in pain, and his life will be a sacrifice of guilt, and he will see his children, and increase in stature; and the pleasant things of YahweH will be in the midst of his hands.
Moses listened to the commandment, and took the rod before Yahweh.
The woman took Joseph's garments, and laid them on him until his lord came,
His lord said to him, Well done, good and faithful servant. You have been faithful in the things of your youth, and I will set you over great things. Come in, and be glad with me.'
They said therefore to Baruch, Tell us, Please, what manner of speech you have given him to write all these words.
They said in the king's table, Peace be to Darius the king.
Where the wind will blow, where it will blow; where you have heard a voice, and don't know where it comes from, where the wind is blowing; and everyone who is born of the Spirit is the same.
He traveled from the land of South, and went up to Bethel, and to Ai; and they were in the midst of the tents, as before.
and have spoken proudly against the Lord of heaven, who has sent the vessels of his house to you, and you have drunk wine with your gods, and with your satraps and your concubines, and have praised the silver, the gold, the brass, the iron, the wood, and the stones; but you have not glorified him in the sight of your eyes, nor of your ears, nor in the knowledge of your tongue.
Therefore hear, you poor and drunken man, who are not made poor by wine.
Let no one rob me from now on, not even myself, for the shame of my body has covered him, proving that I am his servant.
All the commandment which I command you this day, if you will observe to do it, and love Yahweh your God, and walk in his ways continually, you shall set up for yourselves three cities besides these three cities;
On that day Achish gave Ziklag to him: therefore Zeklag was king over Judah to this day.
The kings of the earth, the great ones, the captains of thousands, the rich, the mighty, and everyone who has a servant, and he who is free, went to hide themselves in the mountains and in the hills.
My eye shall not spare you, neither will I have pity; but I will bring your way on you, and your abominations shall be in the midst of you; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
Then came his elder sister to Pharaoh's daughter, and said, Is it good for you, that I come among the Hebrew women, and I should nurse you this child?
I saw, and behold, on the head of the cherub, and between the expanse and the sky, like the precious stones of blue, as the appearance of a throne, was the likeness of it.
Let them be like the water that melts away. Let their arrows be turned back when they shoot.
My heart fainted within me. As I held my peace, the fire came up, and I spoke.
They both made them elders in every assembly, fasting and praying, and committed them to the Lord their believing.
He who doesn't call me Lord, Lord, let him enter into the Kingdom of Heaven; but he who does what the will of my Father is he able to enter into it.
Thus says Yahweh to me, Go, stand in the gate of all the people, which the kings of Judah have entered in from, and those who have gone out from there;
The gold that was brought from Tarshish, and the gold that came from Uphaz, was of the craftsmen, and of the dealers; and the purple and the blue worked on the garments, all of them skillful craftsmen.
Now we have heard from the Son of God, and declare to you this: God is light, and there is no darkness in him.
Give ear to the words of the wise. Seek my knowledge with your whole heart.
Let them say to me, Ho! You are cut off, man; for shame has consumed you.
Everyone who desires to join himself to him in Christ Jesus will suffer persecutions.
David took of his horsemen one thousand seven hundred, and two hundred thousand footmen: but David cut off his horses from the chariot, but he left him one hundred chariots.
The children of Israel said to Moses, Behold, we are dead. We are destroyed.
Then Zedekiah the king sent to Jeremiah Pashhur the son of Malchijah, and Zephaniah son of Maaseiah the priest, saying,
It happened after this, that David struck the Philistines, and subdued them; and he took Gath out of the hand of the Philistine, and restored it to him.
Not because he cares for the poor, but because he is a thief, and has stolen the justice due to him.
The men of Israel and the men of Judah rose up, and pursued after the Philistines to the gate of Kadesh and Ekron: but the Philistine lay by the way of Shadrachim, to Gath and to Ekron.
He also answers us for a sign, And gives the Holy Spirit as a bondservant in our hearts.
Ezra the scribe stood on the right side of the brazen oak that was prepared for them for this matter; and Mattitha, Shemaiah, Ananias, Uriah, Hilkiah, and Maaseiah, on the left side; and Petaiah, Misael, and Malmash, Hashmi, Hashabtaavnah, Zechariah, Meshullam, and Meshelemullam;
When a man lies on his bed, and is asleep, until he is asleep in a dream, In a vision of the night,
one golden ladle of ten shekels, full of incense;
holding faith without wavering, that the birds of the sky may be no more.
I tell you in the dark, that you go out in the light. In the hearing, declare you out on the housetops.
When I sing to you, my lips and my soul shall rejoice,
But if any of you is saved, forgive, and be forgiven; even as the Lord forgave you, so you also forgive.
The mirth of the axe is gone. The sound of the bridegroom is ceased, and the joy of the altar is ended.
I have made your high places of iron, and your gates of marble, and the border of your walls of iron round about.
and for the priests who are of the sons of Aaron, who are in the field outside of their cities, who have written in all their cities the names of them, to decide the portion of the priests, and of those who are written in the book of the Levites;
You also, as we commanded you, must walk in the ways of the former, and do according to their own self-control, and not after their own hands to walk in their own ways;
In the day of the king's feasting the princes are sick because of the snares. He has laid his hands on the scoffers.
They grew stronger and stronger, and came every man to God to Zion.
He who kills an innocent person hates a perfect man; But the upright keep his soul.
Therefore my meditation is turned into mourning, And my speech into a voice of weeping.
The apostles and the saints heard that the Gentiles also received the word of God.
So Samuel anointed him with the oil that was in his horn among his brothers; and the Spirit of Yahweh came mightily on David that day. Samuel arose, and went to Ramah.
It shall happen, if you shall listen to the voice of Yahweh your God, to keep the charge of this law, which is written in this book of the law, and shall give all your heart and all your soul to YahweH your God;
But our God does all that he desires in heaven.
In the days of Josiah, when Pharaoh Necoh king of Egypt went up by the river Euphrates against the king of Assyria, Josiah went up against him, and killed him.
Yahweh, you are my lamp. Yahweh will shine in my darkness.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Our fathers would not listen to him, but would have cast him off, and would have gone into Egypt.
Now therefore, O king, receive my counsel, and turn from your iniquity in righteousness, and put away your disobedience with mercy, that your peace may endure.
and he has broken the legs of his young lions; he has taken them, and brought them to the marketplace, and set them in the city of the buyer.
In the first year of king Cyrus, Cyrus the king made a decree concerning the house of God which is in Jerusalem, saying, Let the house be built, that it may be a place for sacrifice, and let the foundations of it be laid, and the height of it sixty cubits, and breadth of it six cubits;
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: If the king gives an inheritance to one of his sons, it shall be his inheritance to his sons; they shall inherit it.
The Kingdom of Heaven is like the parable of a dream, where ten virgin girls go out to meet the bridegroom.
Thus will I break down your walls of whitewash, even to the ground, so that the wall may fail, and the walls shall fall, and you shall perish in the midst of it: and you will know that I am Yahweh.
Abraham circumcised his son, as God commanded him.
He brought the money to his mother, and she said to her, I have given the money out of my hand to give to Yahweh for my son to make a sign, and to cast a sign: and I have kept it to you.
the likeness of the birds of the sky, the likeness of all creeping things that creep on the earth, and of all the miscarrying in the waters of the earth.
Of the tribe of Levi you shall not number; neither shall you number their substance among the children of Israel.
As it is written, God has hid their spirit from sight, and their ears from hearing, to this day.
Listen to me, house of Jacob, and all the remnant of the house of Israel: From the womb you have brought me forth, and from the womb have you brought me up.
Son of man, set your face toward the mountains of Israel, and prophesy to them;
For the woman who is about to give birth mourns, because her time is come. When she is delivered, she will forget her pain, because she has brought forth a child on the earth.
All the people will hear, and fear, And will not act rashly.
The seven angels who had the seven loaves came and talked with me, saying, Come, and I will show you the great prostitute, who has built her great city, which is by the River.
But the Jews were rebellious, and I was contrary to Caesar: nevertheless I didn't set my face against my own people.
Have mercy on me, Yahweh, That I may be strong, And take refuge in them.
The princes brought the scroll in the chamber of Elishama the scribe, and went in to the king into the court, and spoke all these words in the king's ears.
Pharaoh said, Tomorrow. Moses said, Put now your words in your mouth, that you may know that there is none like Yahweh our God.
But the king of the children of Ammon would not listen to the words of Jephthah, which he had sent to him.
Jesus entered into Jerusalem, and entered into the temple, and saw a vision. When evening had come, he went out with the twelve disciples to Bethany.
Jotham slept with his fathers, and was buried in the city of David: and Ahaz his son reigned in his place.
To the threshing floor of Gidom; for the oxen stumbled, and Uzzah stretched out his hand.
All our adversaries have opened their mouths wide to us.
Blessed is he who cares for the poor. Yahweh will save him in the day of trouble.
In you are uncovered the nakedness of your father. In you are the women who were defiled with the uncleanness of the moon.
He who lives and believes in me will never die. Therefore do you believe?
Thus the children of Israel prayed. They said, Yahweh, you are he; you are God, who made heaven and the heaven of heavens, and the army of heaven; the earth and the things of it, the sea and the depths of it; all of them are your own: and Yah has worshiped you.
and they sacrificed sacrifices to his dreams, and burnt incense to his great dreams, because of the fatness of them, and of the sweet savor of them.
But you, brothers, don't live in darkness. The day won't come to you suddenly like a thief.
He hears words that can't be spoken, Things which men don't speak.
It may be that they will listen, and return everyone from his evil way; and I will repent of their evil for their wickedness, and will bring their calamity on myself.
If you are of this world, the world will love you as its own, but because you are not of this life, I have chosen you from this world. Therefore the world hates you.
Don't be like them, for before you ask, your Father knows your need.
God came to Balaam, and said to him, Whose are these with whom you dwell?
But if the spirit of jealousy is kindled against you, don't depart from your place, for there shall be no great disobedience.
He rebuked the sea, and made it dry, and caused all these rivers to draw no water. Bashan and Carmel mourned, and the flower of Lebanon mourned.
Don't go in to a drunkard and a glutton.
The king of Israel went, and the king of Judah, and he also of Edom, seven days' journey: and there was no water for the army, nor for their livestock.
When he had made an end of mocking, all the virgins murmured against him.
Yahweh said, Who will entice Ahab, that he may go up to Ramoth Gilead, and die there? One spoke saying after this manner, and another saying after that manner.
Those who were numbered of the sons of Gershon by their families, by their fathers' houses,
To rile up and to shame the mocker. To rebuke the wicked, to put them to shame.
Remember, you were like a chaff to me. Will you heap me on the dust?
Then the Spirit came into me, and set me on my feet. He talked with me; and he said to me, Go, rest yourself in your house.
The children of Israel did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh; and they didn't remember that I, their God, went to serve the Baals and the Ashtaroth.
Because they were many, and could not come near to him, they broke a bar in his upper house from off the wall, that he might have fallen on his body.
and see from the glory of the Good News, because you received, and they walked back and forth, therefore they are an enemy of God; and from the honorable things, because God has remembered the promises of his fathers, therefore are they beloved.
As for the land, food comes forth from there. Its appearance is as the appearance of fire.
Though wickedness is in his mouth, Though he lies in his tongue;
Yahweh reigns over the nations. The world is established. He will judge all nations with justice.
I will make Judah my bow, And Ephraim my scepter for the bow. I will stir up your people against the daughter of Javan, And will make you like the sword of the mighty.
You also command our own men to learn to do good, and to be in subjection to those who are needful, that they don't bring forth fruit.
If you will diligently keep all my commandments which I command you, and do them; if you love Yahweh your God, and walk in all his ways, and in his ways;
one male goat for a sin offering;
You will bless the righteous, Yahweh. You will surround him with goodness like a shield.
Of the tribe of Zebulun twelve thousand, Of the tribe that is in Joseph twelve thousand; Of the tribes that are in Benjamin twelve thousand.
Being tired from many days, and because the fast had ended, and the boat was now in port, Paul began to speak to his relatives,
The dogs shall eat Jezebel in the field of Jezreel; and no one shall bury him. The young man opened the gate, and fled.
You shall number for yourself seven days: from the time that you shall measure the grain in your beginning with the measuring reed, seven days shall you number it.
He said, Yahweh has sworn, and Yah will fight forever with Amalek.
Or has anyone said to God, I have been punished, and have sinned no more?
The walls of the city are built with perverseness. The city itself is made of pure gold, as transparent as glass.
There shall be inhabitants therein, and no curse shall be. Jerusalem shall dwell in peace.
When Jesus heard that John was carried away into prison, he withdrew into Galilee,
It shall be an everlasting statute; and he who carries the defiled water shall wash his clothes; and whoever touches the water that is washed, shall be unclean until the evening.
This is the day that Yahweh appoints. Let us rejoice and be glad in it.
Judah went, and Yahweh delivered into their hand the Canaanites and the Perizzites.
He said to another, Follow me. He answered, Lord, let me go and bury my father.
I will be punished for sin. Why do I labor in vain?
Obey Yahweh your God, fear him, keep his commandments, listen to his voice, serve him, and be at peace with him.
Look to Zion, our keepers of the holy city. Your eyes shall see Jerusalem, a resting place, a haven from uncleanness; her hit shall not go out, neither shall her cords fail.
saying, If Esau comes up against this great army, then the rest of the army shall flee.
There you will remember your ways and your doings, which you have defiled by them, and will be abominable because of all your wickedness.
When you offer this sacrifice to Yahweh for your souls, the rich shall not greatly increase, neither shall the poor any more; everyone shall give his half of a shekel.
He built an altar there, and called the name of it Eluloth Israel.
Saul's servants brought a report, saying, Thus and thus has David spoken.
For I am with you to deliver you, says Yahweh, and to destroy you from all the nations where I have driven you: but I will not destroy you; I will rebuke you, as I have purposed, and will in no way leave you unpunished.
Those who desire to be great in feasts, And to be high in the synagogues,
So the people went forth, and took the camp of the Syrians: and the fine flour mixed with the sheaf was a shekel, and the two measures of barley for a sheaf, according to the word of Yahweh.
For great is the house of Israel and house of Judah that has dealt treacherously against me, says Yahweh.
Cursed be he who lies in wait. All the people shall say, Amen.
You shall lie on your right hand all these days, and bear the iniquity of the house of Judah: forty days I have afflicted you, a year and a half.
For I don't write in a book, brothers, concerning the coming of the Lord and his coming.
The people who dwell in this city shall come to this city, and shall say, Haste and come, and seek the favor of Yahweh of Armies, and to seek God of the gods; but as for me, I will go.
He has humbled you, and made you hungry; he has fed you with manna, which you don't know, and with the manna which your fathers didn't know; that man may not live only by bread, but also by all that is spoken in the mouth of Yahweh.
Call, and I will answer; Or tell, and you will answer me.
He kindles a cloud over the sky, And prepares for the rain, And causes the mountains to spring up.
Solomon answered him as he had asked him; there was nothing that Solomon didn't know how to tell him.
Through the help of the Holy Spirit you were built together, and became the dwelling place of God.
As it is done this day, so Yahweh has commanded you to do, to make atonement for you.
For I know that he who redeemed me is the living God. In the day, he will stand above the dust.
But those who have been buen, and those who were married to men, remain for yourselves.
Watch, for you don't know what day your Lord will come.
For all secret things will come to pass, And all secrets will be revealed in the latter end.
This border shall go forth from Azmon to the brook of Egypt, and shall go out to the sea round about.
When he looked, he saw that there was bread on the coals of the fire, and a pitcher of water on his head; and he ate and drank, and fell down afterward.
Sing, you who are barren, and don't bear. Sing, you that have not been filled with travail. Sing aloud, and shout for joy, for there is more a husband than a daughter who is barren, says Yahweh.
Go up to the mountain, and get timber, and build this house; and I will rejoice in it, and be glorified, says Yahweh.
You shall lend him no interest; neither shall you lend him food to sustain him;
Jeroboam said in his heart, Now this kingdom belongs to the house of David.
I took no oxen from your herd, Nor male goats from your fold.
Because you have forgotten Yahweh your Savior, That he was a rock of strength to you: Therefore you know the tree of understanding, That there is another tree.
He came and told his lord, saying, Lord, didn't you sow the good seed in your field? Where did these darnel come from?
When evening had come, he went into a deserted place. A multitude sought him, and when they found him, they left him, asking him not to depart from them.
Sing to Yahweh, and praise his name. Sing praises to his salvation day and night.
The beauty of his forest and the glory of his fruitful field shall be burned from the soul to the flesh; and the surface of it shall be as the decay of the sick.
The posts of the king and his princes continued throughout all the land of Israel and Judah according to the king's commandment, saying, Return again to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Yahweh, the God of Israel, and he will return to the remnant of you who are left of the hand of the kings of Assyria.
He who passes by as a cornet passes by, As an earthen vessel that hurries down six steps,
Then Esther's maidens and her eunuchs came and spoke to her, saying, The queen's mother-in-law mourned greatly, and sent her garments to Mordecai, to uncover her nakedness; but she would not receive them.
Now I purpose to persuade you, that you may speak before the sitting, and before the elders of my people, that if you will be redeemed, then you may redeem; but if you would not redeem, you shall make known to me; for there is no one who can redeem it: and he who is to the second is mine. He answered, I will redeem it.
They brought all that had blue, purple, scarlet, fine linen, goats' hair, and rams' skins, and sea cow hides.
Yahweh did according to the word of Moses, and all who were in the house died, in the courts, and in the fields.
So all Israel left David, and followed Sheba the son of Bichri: but Judah went with the king from the Jordan to Jerusalem.
When the kings of Hadarezer saw that they were put to the worse before Israel, they made peace with Israel, and subdued them. The Syrians would not help the children of Ammon any more.
David commanded to gather the foreigners who were in the land of Israel, and to beat the builders with stones, to build the house of Yahweh.
Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and the eight men, escaped out of the hand of Jehohanan to the children of Ammon.
Then there ran a young man, and told Moses, saying, Eldad and Bijda prophesied in the camp.
There is a way which seems right to a man, But in the end it leads to death.
He doesn't regard a man as a witness against him, because he knows the heart.
They shall not be eaten in all your habitations, with the blood of birds or animals.
David went and struck Moab, and put them to the ground, and measured with a rope two long ropes, to kill him, and one long rope to save him alive: and the Moabites turned to David, and believed.
Ask you a sign from Yahweh your God, To entreat it in the depths, In the heights of the heavens.
Turn us, Yahweh, into you, and we will be converted. Make our days new, as in the days of old.
Men of Benjamin, flee out of Jerusalem, blow the trumpet in Tekoa, And mourn at Beth Haccherem; For evil and great destruction has come down from the north.
There are some who are as sharp as a sword, and are stronger than a sword: they shall swallow up the poor who dwell on the earth, and the needy who are in the world.
Then he will tell those who are cursed, Depart from me, and enter into the eternal fire which is prepared for the devil, and for his messengers.
neither have we been conformed to the word of God, as many as have broken it; but have been faithful in God, speaking boldly in Christ;
We will bring you into the sea, as you have desired, wood cutters out of Lebanon; and you shall carry it to Jerusalem.
Daniel said, I saw in the night vision; and behold, the four winds of the sky gave way suddenly to a storm, and the wind was over the great sea.
There is nothing too lofty for him, Neither is there anything too small for him.
He has broken down his hedges like the blood; he has destroyed the place of his assembly: his appointed feasts and his Sabbaths have forgotten in Zion: Yahweh has done it, and he has despised the king and the priest in his anger.
Then he looked at the multitude who were round about him, and said, You are my mother and my brothers.
Yahweh was angry with Aaron, to destroy him; and I prayed for Aaron.
having this confidence, I set my heart to speak to you first, that you may be made whole again.
They didn't understand the saying, for they had hidden the saying from them, so that they could not understand it. They were afraid to ask him about the saying.
It happened on the third day of the ninth month, after the children of Israel had come out of the land of Egypt, that they came into the wilderness of Sinai.
Remember what happened to the wife of Lot.
According to these words, and according to these dreams, Nathan went and told David.
that each one of you may be fully assured of the word of God, that he may give himself to receive correction, and to be at peace with one another.
They shall teach Jacob your law, And Israel your law. They shall put incense on your altar before you, And all the burnt offerings of your altar.
and they went in after the children of Israel into the midst of the city, and struck two men, both of them in the body of the man and of the woman. So the plague was stayed in the midst Of Israel.
The king gave to the king one hundred twenty talents of gold, and in abundance of spices, and precious stones; and there was no sweet gazelle, as the queen of Sheba gave to king Solomon.
Moses and Aaron went in after them, and said to Pharaoh, This is what Yahweh, the God of Israel, says: Let my people go, that they may keep a feast for me in the wilderness.
All the firstborn of a herd and of a flock, male and female, you shall sanctify to Yahweh your God: and don't let a firstborn among the herds and of the flock be put to work; neither shall the lambs be shut up at the gate.
Therefore don't be hasty to eat, to drink, to keep a feast, nor to do a Sabbath;
You have killed many in this city, and filled the streets with corpses.
She said to him, No; but why should you drive me out, that you may hurt me more than you did to me? But Amnon would not listen to her.
then hear in heaven, and deal with her; and judge your servants, and put the iniquity of the wicked on the head of him, and give him the righteousness of the righteous, according to his righteousness.
Thus says Yahweh to me: When a man falls, shall he not rise again? when a man turns to flee, shall there be no more turning to him?
He led them through the desert, and they didn't thirst. He caused waters to flow out of a rock, and waters came out. The wicked will not rest, says Yahweh.
Therefore thus says Yahweh, You shall not go down again to the bed where you have gone up; you shall surely die. Elijah went up.
Then Hanani the seer came to Asa king of Judah, and said to him, Because you trust in the king of Syria, and not in Yahweh your God, therefore the army of the kings of Syria has fallen out of your hand.
Don't let him who is wise say, I am humbled by God; for God is not humbled, nor himself humbled.
Let one wicked man rule over him. Let one enemy stand at his right hand.
In the twelfth year of Joram the son of Ahab king of Israel began Ahaziah son of Jehoram king of Judah to reign.
Asa did that which was good in the eyes of Yahweh his God, and that he did right;
Woe to the wisdom of God! Woe to his ordinances, and to his ways!
Then Eliashib the high priest rose up, and his brothers the priests, and built the sheep gate, and sanctified it: and the doors were to the tower of Hammeah, and to the towers of Hananel, and they were sanctified.
He made the hooks of the one thousand seven hundred seventy-five shekels of silver for the pillars, and overlaid them with capitals, and made a border for them.
Don't forsake your anointed prince for David your servant's sake.
For before the law I was still alive, and the commandment came down, and sin arose, and I died.
The king and his men came to Jerusalem to fight against the inhabitants of the land: and they said to David, Unless you remove the blind and the lame, you can't enter into this place. They said, He will surely not come in.
From the first day until the end, Ezra read every day the law of Yahweh: and they kept the feast seven days; and on the eighth day there was a solemn assembly, according to the ordinance.
Behold, I will do a new thing. Don't you know that I am about to reveal it? I will make a way in the wilderness. I will cause a river to pass through the desert.
Keep my eyes from falsehood, That I may walk in your ways.
For this very cause, I appeal to you, who are called according to the flesh,
For when the Canaanite, and all the inhabitants of the land, heard of it, they besieged us, and destroyed our name from off the surface of the earth, what good will you do for your great name?
You have kept a covenant with your servant David my father, according to that which you spoke to him with your mouth, and with your hands have fulfilled it, as it is this day.
Know therefore that Yahweh is God: we are his created, and we are yours; we are the children of his people, and the sheep of his pasture.
When the congregation had no water to drink, they gathered themselves together against Moses and against Aaron.
For the holy things are temporal, and the law is not fulfilled; but God has sent out his Spirit to save sinners from sin and from death, and has made his own Son to be a sinner of sin, to judge with his flesh the sin of the flesh, to take away the sin from the flesh.
How long will you look at it? Consider it, and we will speak.
Arise, God, and judge the world; For you shall inherit all the nations.
I will strike the Assyrians in my land, and will tread them down on my mountain; and his yoke shall depart from my people, and his burden from the members of my people.
An unclean spirit wanders from him, And searches in a dry land for a resting place, But he finds none.
The lord of the vineyard will come, and destroy the farmers, and will give his vineyard to others. When they heard these things, they said, No.
My son, listen to the instruction of your father. Don't forsake your mother's teaching.
Jacob came from Paddan Aram, and came in peace to Shechem in the land of Canaan, and pitched his tent before the city.
Menahem slept with his fathers; and Pekahab his son reigned in his place.
Some of the scribes and Pharisees were watching him, whether he had healed anyone on the Sabbath, or if they were looking for something to accuse him of.
But I don't desire to have you do these things, because you talk about the ordinances of your law, and about the dreams which you make.
Amaziah the son of Jehoash king of Judah lived after the death of Joash son of Joahaz king of Israel fifteen years.
The tribes of Israel sent round about to the tribe of Benjamin, saying, What is this that you have done among all of you?
Jesus said, Father, forgive them, for they don't know what they do. Then they cast lots for him.
My mouth is abhorred by my wife. Those who are close to me abhor my mouth.
The children of Israel traveled by their ways out of the wilderness of Sinai: and the cloud stayed in the wilderness in Balaam.
Happy are your men. Happy are your servants, Who continually stand before you, seeking your wisdom.
but because of the wrath of Yahweh of heaven, who has shut up the Chaldeans under the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, the king broke down this house, and carried away captive the people to Babylon.
Behold, the days come, and behold, the time is fulfilled. The grass has become greasy. The pride is lifted up.
Cry against him round about; for he is fallen; for his camp is laid waste, and his walls are broken down; for this is the vengeance of Yahweh: look to him, and do to him as he shall.
The archers were put to the king Josiah: and the king said to his servants, Bring me forth, for I am severely wounded.
I didn't go to the good that I desired, but to the evil that I didn't desire.
I am Yahweh your God, who brought you out of the land of Egypt. Open your mouth wide, and I will satisfy you.
When he had said this, he looked at them, and said, You have received the Holy Spirit.
When Saul and all the people who were with him were gathered together to the battle, behold, the Philistines were all slain with the edge of the sword, and were very mad.
A perverse man seeks what he desires, And hates all wisdom.
Give heed to instruction. Listen to the words of wisdom.
He taught them many things. He said to them,
Remind each one of you that he doesn't believe in his neighbor. For all of your brothers have been made to stumble, and their neighbor has gone and spoken against them.
I am a stranger living as a foreigner in the earth. Don't hide your commandments from me.
Yahweh's redeemed people will return. They will sing to Zion. Their joy will be for everlasting joy. In gladness they will rejoice. In sorrow they will flee away.
The sixth poured out his bowl into the Euphrates, and immediately the river dried up, and the kings of the east prepared a way for the sea.
I will see with my eyes, And hear with my ears the prayer that is offered in this place.
Thus have I testified to you in the sanctuary, That I might see your power and your glory.
When I had delivered the sacrifice to Baruch the son of Neriah, I prayed to Yahweh, saying,
Yahweh, you increase people, and make the kingdom great. You are glorified, and enlarge the borders of the land.
Then Jesus said, Father, I thank you, Lord of heaven and earth, for you show these things, and reveal them to the wise and understanding, and to the little ones.
Jesus answered him, Because I told you, I saw you under the fig tree, and you believed me. You will see greater things than these.
David said to Jonathan, Tomorrow is a new day; and I ought to sit down with the king: let me hide myself in the field until the third day.
They sat with him on the ground seven days and seven nights; and they spoke no more with him; for they saw that his sorrow was great.
They have set a feast and a feast. They eat and drink. Rise up, you princes. Anoint your shields.
No one puts a piece of unshrunk cloth on a piece, that it may be torn, and become a more grievous piece.
The king took the scroll, which Baruch had written for Jeremiah, and burned it; and the word of Yahweh came to Jeremiah, saying,
Yahweh, don't let your tender mercies fail from me. Your loving kindness and your faithfulness are always on me.
My brothers are five to me. They are like a brook, Like streams that go over a cistern.
Why do they preach, unless they are sent? As it is written, Those who preach the Good News are beautiful in appearance.
For the day of Yahweh is near, for it is near; and as you have done, so shall it do to you; and your works shall be on your head.
He spoke a parable to them. A farmer went out to sow, and while he was sowing, some fell by the road, and made the passover to eat. The birds of the sky devoured them all.
You are good, and your works are good. Teach me your statutes.
He covered the tent on the top of the tabernacle, and put the covering on it, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
Does the God of heaven not hear? Doesn't the Maker of the eyes see?
He took the book, and putting the spices in the synagogue, and sat down. All the people of the synagogue were looking at him.
Now the Philistines stood on this side, and the children of Israel stood on that side, in the midst of the valley.
What shall we do for our sister, who is a virgin, who has not yet come forth from the womb, as in the days of her youth?
He said to me, Son of man, arise, go up to the house of Israel, and speak to them in my words.
They took the six pieces of silver and showed me. They took the silver and shown him.
The treasures of the house of Yahweh, and the treasures of his house, he took away from there; and all the gold of Solomon king of Israel, which he had made for the temple of God, he broke in pieces, according to the word of God.
You have removed my friends far from me. They abhor me. I am shut up, I can't come out.
besides that which is in the flesh, the odors, the spices, the frankincense, the oil, the leavened bread, the meat, the oxen, the horses, the chariots, the servants, and the men of war.
until a day in which they themselves also will be released from the bondage of corruptible works, to be with the children of God in glory.
Zedekiah the king swore by secret to Jeremiah, saying, As Yahweh, who made our life, lives, I have sworn by him that I will not kill you, nor deliver you into the hand of those who seek your life.
Yahweh said to Moses, How long will you not keep my commandments and my law?
The wilderness and the dry land shall rejoice. The desert shall rejoice, and shall blossom like a flower.
The Egyptians knew that I was Yahweh, when I was glorified in Pharaoh, in his chariots, and in his horsemen.
For I tell you, I will no more eat such things until the end of the Kingdom of God.
It happened, like a scroll of a book, that the mountains and the sea shook, and departed from their place.
You shall make curtains of goats' hair for a covering over the tent of meeting.
He looked down from his throne, And saw all the inhabitants of the earth.
Your children shall return quickly. He who marries you and he who makes you desolate shall go out.
For I said, Your loving kindness endures forever. Your faithfulness will be established in heaven.
Yahweh said to Moses, Joshua the son of Nun, he has a spirit in him; bring him, lay your hands on him,
All those who are twenty years old and upward, they shall not see the land where I swore to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, because they didn't follow me.
They said, Give us a king to judge us. Samuel didn't approve of that, but Samuel prayed to Yahweh.
Then the Spirit lifted me up in a vision, and brought me to the captivity of the captives of Chaldea; and the vision which I saw, the spirit departed from me.
He ate bread in the house of Levi. Many tax collectors and sinners ate bread with him, and with his disciples; for many followed him.
So that man doesn't walk naked, And his body languishes in hunger.
Jephthah said to them, I have counsel with my people, and with the children of Ammon, that you should come; and you have not delivered me out of their hand.
I have prepared for the house of Yahweh in my distress, for ten thousand talents of gold, and for one hundred talents of silver, brass and iron, that could not be found; and I have prepared timber and stone: you shall add to it.
Arise, go you, for this is not your resting place; for the land is broken down by uncleanness, and the destruction of it is grievous.
But Jesus answered him, Unless God had given you authority, you had no authority to release me to anyone. Therefore the blood of him who delivered me is greater than much.
He took two turtledoves, or two young pigeons, and one for a sin offering, and the other for a burnt offering.
He came and listened to Paul. When he had laid his hands on him, and had seen that he had faith, and was healed,
though these three men were in the midst of them, as I live, says the Lord Yahweh, they should deliver neither sons nor daughters; they only should be delivered.
Yahweh said to me, Don't be afraid of him; for I have given him, and all his people, and his land, into your hand; and you shall deal with them as you have dealt with Sihon king of the Amorites, who lived in Heshbon.
Afterward he appeared again to five hundred brothers, who were already dead, but the multitudes were still alive.
But if the priest comes, he who is bought with money, he shall eat the holy things; and him who is born in his house shall eat his bread.
Therefore wisdom makes you to walk in the ways of the good, And to keep the way of the righteous.
But come down on the third day, and wait until you have seen the place where the evil is, on the rock of Esh.
The vows of the widow, or the vows of her who is married, with the words of her covenant, shall be established on her.
that they may judge the people in due season; and that they may bring them to you, and judge themselves; so that there may be greater condemnation; and they also may be with you.
It happened, when Apollos had determined to go to Achaia, that the brothers of Ephesus spoke to him, and sent him a letter to the brothers who were at Achhaiah, to receive him. When he was come there, they were helped through the grace of God to those who believe in the Lord.
Yahweh prepared a great sea to swallow up Jonah; and Jonah was in the sea three days and three nights.
Because he loved your fathers, therefore has he chosen their offspring after him, who brought you up out of Egypt with power,
He commanded them, saying, Take no journey, save one rod; don't take bread in your hand, neither bring in money in your sack;
Samson went down with his father and his mother to the vineyard of Timnah: and behold, a young lion came to him, and scared him.
He said, There were two entering into the temple, one Pharisee, and one tax collector.
If a man's body is diseased, and if he has a wart or a bright spot in his body, then he shall be brought to Aaron the priest, or to one of his sons.
and tell him, Tell the young man, Jerusalem will be inhabited like a sheath of incense, for there will be many in it, both men and animal.'
one golden ladle of ten shekels, full of incense;
The burden of Abijah. As for Edom, thus says the Lord Yahweh, We have heard news from God, and an ambassador is sent among the nations, saying, Arise, and let us make war against her.
When I saw him, I fell with the dead at his feet. He put his right hand on me, and said, Don't be afraid. I am the first, and the last.
Jacob tore his clothes, and girded sackcloth on his waist, and mourned for his sons.
But the children of Manasseh were able to drive out the inhabitants of those cities; and the Canaanites were minded to dwell in the land.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Let the Lord of peace give you rest in all ways. Let the Lord be with you all.
Go to my father's house, and to my relatives, and take a wife for my son.'
What will I do in the resurrection of God? What will I answer when he hears?
When the Lord saw it, he was moved with compassion, saying, Don't weep.
Some said, We have taken the field and the vineyard, and have gathered the king's concubines.
When evening had come, he came with the twelve disciples.
They went to the mountain, and remained there three days, until those who pursued them returned. Those who pursued after them sought them, but didn't find them.
When evening came, and the cloud stayed until morning, then the cloud returned, and they drove; and whenever the day was dark, then they drove.
He was angry, and turned away, and said, I thought that he would come out to me, and stand, and call on the name of Yahweh his God, and shake hands in the land for the leprosy.
Do you think that I came to make the earth peace? I tell you that it is not peace, but contention.
Even though you are yet in the trials of your faithfulness, rejoice in this, even in the bitterness of your heart.
As it is written, For your sake, we have turned all day from death to destruction. We have become sheep for slaughter.
The righteous will inherit the land of promise, And dwell therein forever.
Keep me from their snare, And from the scourging of the wicked.
You shall set the Levites before Aaron and before his sons, and they shall offer them for a wave offering to Yahweh.
Therefore thus says Yahweh in the book of the war, Ahabbik in Shophah, The valley of the Arnon,
and rejoice with those who rejoice; and bemoan those who mourn;
Again, Why do we always accuse one another?
God spoke to Noah and to his sons, saying,
You shall persecute Midian, and strike them.
From your vows, God, I will sacrifice to you a sacrifice of peace offerings.
The elders of Gilead answered Jephthah, Yahweh is a witness between us, and we will do according to your word.
He covered his throne with a cloud, overshadowing it.
They said to him, Where is Sarah, your wife? He said, In a tent.
But if your people Israel, who have sinned against you, be struck before their enemies, and they turn to you, and acknowledge your name, and pray to you in this house,
Blessed is the man whose works are perfect, Who walks in the law of Yahweh.
Don't let your eyes pity him; For put away innocent blood from Israel, that you may be blessed.
For he said this about Judas, the son of Simon the Canaanite, who was one of the twelve, that he would betray him.
Moses went down to the people to the mountain, and sanctified them; and they washed themselves.
For the Scripture says, Abraham believed God. Therefore God counts him righteous.
I will hold my loving kindness for him forever. I will not change my covenant with him.
They provoked him to jealousy with their strange gods, And provoked him with their abominations.
If we are judged this day for the good works of this lame man,
But when you are fully obedient, we will come and take those who are disobedient.
Lest you make a covenant with the peoples who dwell in the land, and play the prostitute after their gods, and sacrifice to their gods; and a man call you, and you eat of their sacrifices;
As for you, house of Israel, thus says the Lord Yahweh: Go, serve everyone his idol; and afterward you shall hear my words; neither shall you make an offering nor an idol blaspheme my holy name.
I will multiply Zion, And I will give food to her poor who are poor.
Now in Asia there were certain rulers who were Paul's friends, and they sent to him, imploring him not to enter into a quarrel.
The priest shall put some of the oil into his hand.
The beast that I saw was like a leopard. His feet were like the feet of a bear, And his mouth like the mouth of a lion. The tail brought forth its power, The throne, and the dominion of it.
Moreover before Jeremiah had gone up, the captain of the guard said to him, Go up to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam the father of Shaphan, to the city which the king of Babylon has made governor over all Judah: and dwell you with him in the midst of the people, or in the place which you shall see right to you. The guard gave him food and an offering.
The ravens didn't know the way. The young lions didn't see it.
The concubines of Gebal, and those who were skillful, were in the midst of you: all the ships that went over the sea, and their mariners, were of you.
and they shall divide the burnt offering to them according to the families of the people, to offer to Yahweh, as it is written in the book of Moses; and the shepherds shall do likewise.
He shall offer according to the strength of his hand one of his panics, or one of the young pigeons, as he shall be able,
Their worship is vanity to me, For they teach as doctrines the whole doctrine of men.
Moreover I will do to you as I have thought to do to them.
But if you observe the saying of Scripture, You shall love your neighbor as the law of the Kingdom of God belongs to you;
For while we yet rebel against him, he died for our sins, that we might be at peace with him again. If then we have now been made partakers of him, we will be saved more in him.
Therefore his parents said, He is grown up. Ask him for himself.
But when I saw Mordecai the Jew sitting in the king's gate, I perceived that it was for my good.
So Joab gave to David all the people who were numbered of the people: and the children of Israel shall take the sword one hundred ten thousand; and the men of Judah forty thousand.
Yahweh our God made a covenant with us at Horeb.
When Yahweh arises, and causes the earth to tremble, men go into the rock, into the dust, to flee from the terror of God, from the glory of his majesty.
The child who eats milk is dry, and has a boil on his tongue; and the child asks for bread, and there is no one to give him.
The men of Israel chased after the Philistines, and took the camp.
I am wiser than the elders, Because I have kept your precepts.
Esau said, Please let me leave the staff of the rod with you. Jacob said, Not so. It is good for me to find favor in the sight of my lord.
They pursued after them to the Jordan; and behold, all the clothes and the vessels, which the Syrians had cast away, when they fled, returned to the king.
The woman stood behind him, and wept, and having tears on her eyes, she wiped her feet with her own hair, and ate and drank until she had anointed her feet.
When the poor man has no right to offer such things, he shall choose wood that he can't destroy, and hire skillful men to build him a god that can't be moved.
He who refrains from teaching has no God in his midst. He who does the refraining has the Father and the Son.
Then Jephthah vowed a vow to Yahweh, saying, If you deliver the children of Ammon into my hand,
Let the earth shout for joy to Yahweh.
What is your mother? She is a lioness. She lies down among the lions. She feeds her son among the young lions.
After the earthquake there was fire, and Yahweh was not in the fire; but behind the fire there was a sound of small and great lightning.
You shall know that I am Yahweh your God, and there is none else besides me; and my people shall never be disappointed.
Why have you rejected me, Yahweh? Why do you hide your face from me?
Moreover in my anger and in my wrath, in my great indignation, I have struck you with an outstretched arm, and with a mighty arm;
Jesus, knowing their desire to inquire of him, said to them, Do you see me now, because I said, A little while, and you will see me again?' They said to him, No.
Now therefore save yourself, and come down from the cross.
Servants, be in subjection to the masters of the earth, not for your own pleasure, but for their own pleasure. For you are a worshippers of God.
Then said Zebah and Zalmunna, Arise yourselves, kill us; for men are like men, and so is power. Gideon arose, and killed Zeba and Zarmunna; and he took their camels' necks, as in the moon.
He said, Amos, what see you? I said, A basket of summer fruit. Yahweh said to me, The end of my people Israel, I will not touch them any more.
Moses returned to Yahweh, and said, Lord, why have you dealt so wickedly with this people? Why have you sent me?
Amaziah said to Amoz, Go, you seer! flee to the land of Judah, and there eat and there be a prophet.
He built an altar there, and called on the name of Yahweh, and lay there his tent. Isaac's servant dug a well there.
But Pharaoh oppressed them more and more. So the king was distressed for the children of Israel.
These are the heads of fathers' houses of the Levites, who were notable in their generations, and lived in Jerusalem.
Four thousand men were porters, and four thousand instruments of music for David.
His boastings are of a strong man. His waves are like a whirlwind.
Tell me, man of my soul, Where do you feed the sheep? When will you cause them to rest in the place where you have given them? By the flock of your companions I am as one who covers his face.
but the bull, its skin, its flesh, and its carcass, he burned with fire outside of the camp, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
I have seen a thing that is not good in the sight of the sun, as a mistake made by a ruler;
Then I prophesied, and there followed a voice, and suddenly a great earthquake happened, and the bones of the bones were joined one to another, and they became one flesh to another.
Then the Midianites and the Amalekites, and the children of the east, passed over the river, and encamped in the valley of Jezreel.
He brings down the heavens, and they come down. There is a cloud at his feet.
Do you think to change men's speech? The speech of the unfaithful is like wind.
the horned owl, the doe, the koal,
Moses called to Bezalel and to Oholiab, and to all those who were wise in heart, whom Yahweh had given to their heart, and whose heart was stirred to work.
The men listened to him, and after a while considered his latter end, said, It is Ben Hadad your brother. He said, Bring him. He came out to the king, and he gave him chariots.
The waters returned, and were still until the tenth month, in the first day of the month.
You shall be an abomination to all waters, and to all those who are not of one kind or another.
Moab shall be destroyed; it shall no more be a nation; for they are haughty, and have rebelled against Yahweh.
They came to the foreigners whom they had come to, and blasphemed my holy name; for they said of them, The people of Yahweh are come out of his land.
Yahweh will be heard with the voice of his majesty. He will be seen with the hand of his fall, and with the anger of his wrath, with the flame of his devouring fire, the whirlwind, and the hail.
At the end of the seventh day, on the next day, you shall count fifty days; and you shall offer a new meal offering to Yahweh.
Then Yahweh was filled with zeal for his land, and had compassion on his people.
Yahweh will recompense each man according to his righteousness and according to the faithfulness of his people; for Yahweh has delivered you into my hand this day; but I will not put forth my hand to destroy the anointing oil of God.
The words of Job are void of knowledge. His speech is void of wisdom.
You shall build desolate places long ago, and you shall establish the foundations of the ruined. You shall be called The Plain of the wall of your mother,' and The Place of Succoth, for pleasant dwelling.
For wisdom shall enter into your heart, And knowledge shall be the delight of your soul.
But the king Jehoash reigned twenty-three years, and the priests had not repaired the breaches of the house.
Therefore I said, The Philistines will come to Gilgal against me; and I will not make a sacrifice to Yahweh, until I have offered my burnt offering.
and said to them, I am one hundred twenty years old, and will not go out any more; and Yahweh has said to me, You shall not pass this Jordan.
Behold, he is taken: who can oppose him? Who shall ask him, What have you done?
Those who were slain by the plague were twenty-four thousand.
and their brothers the mighty men of valor, one hundred twenty-eight; and Zabdiel the son of Hadadezer was their captain.
that they not perish together for this secret, because of the mercy of the God of heaven, that Daniel should not be consumed together with his companions, and with the wise men of Babylon.
For the thing which the queen does shall be declared to all the women, saying, The king Ahasuerus called Vashti the queen before the king; but she has not come; so shall they despise their husbands.
He took the fat that was on the innards, and all the fat which was on them, and the two kidneys, and their fat, which was by the loins on the two sides, with the cover of the liver that was above the liver; and he took it away.
the tent of meeting, the mirrors, the flowers, the incense altars, the cloud,
The children of Jacob, his servant, The children of Israel whom he chose,
Turn us again, Yahweh, the God of Armies. Cause your face to shine, And we will be saved.
We lie in our shame, and our reproach cover us; for from our youth up, we have trespassed against our God, we and our fathers, and have not obeyed the voice of Yahweh our God.
The burnt offering, the fat of the peace offerings, and all the drink offerings of burnt offerings, were many. So the business of the house of Yahweh was shown by the craftsmen.
Now your end is come, and I will bring my wrath on you, and will judge you according to your ways; and according to all your abominations I will repay you.
Keep the word of truth from my mouth, For I desire your judgments.
All the lovers of the land of Judah and Jerusalem, the craftsmen, and the idols of the house, the sacred things, and all the detestable things of it, did Josiah break the seal, and performed the words of the law, written in the book of Hilkiah the priest, which was found in the house of Yahweh.
The offering shall be a tenth part of an ephah of fine flour mingled with the fourth part of a hin of oil for a meal offering.
then the priest shall examine him; and behold, if the skin is white in the place where the skin was, so that the hair of the gate has turned white, and the appearance of the raw flesh in the area was dim;
All the people returned every man to his house; and David returned, and blessed his house.
He spoke many other words besides these, imploring them, saying, Deliver yourself from this evil generation.
King Solomon said to Abram, Return to me men, and all things will be yours.
He loves curses, and let them come on him. He doesn't delight in blessing, but let them be far from him.
They forsook the house of Yahweh, the God of their fathers, and served the Asherim and the engraved images; and the wrath of God came on Judah and Jerusalem.
He wrote in the name of Ahab, and in the king's answer; and he sent letters to the elders of the city of Naboth, who lived with him.
What is it that I shall bring to Yahweh, that I may bow down to him on the high places of the mountains? or that I should bring burnt offerings, or a young bull to him?
Moses and Aaron spoke to all Israel at even, saying, By the evening you shall know that Yahweh who brought you up out of the land of Egypt is he.
I saw in the spoil, and behold, a beautiful man in the midst of my hand, two hundred shekels of silver, and a gold weight of fifty shekeles: and I loved the things of it; and I took him, and set him down on the ground of my tent, and put the money in his mouth.
If we believe that Jesus indeed died, and is alive, we also believe that God will bring those who are dead with him.
You shall not eat anything sacrificed to idols, neither shall you eat animals of death, nor drink blood, nor do any sexual immorality; but if you don't do these commandments, then peace be to you.
The way of the wise is to walk, And he shall depart from Sheol.
He who denies the witness shall perish; but he who hears it shall be brought to light, and no one can refute him.
That we might be delivered out of the hand of our enemies;
The king said, Isn't this the great Babylon, who built her own house for my majesty, and for the glory of my majesty?
They sit as little children in the streets, crying out with a loud voice, We flatter, and you don't dance! We lament to you the loss of our innocence. You don't weep.
Thus will I do to you: I will make you afraid, and you will be weary, and be sick, and your eyes will be pained, because your enemies will feed on you.
You shall bring out the firstborn of the children of Israel, who is of the Levites, more than two hundred seventy-three;
The word of Yahweh came to me.
Then the trees of the forest will sing for joy before Yahweh, For he comes to judge the whole earth.
Who among you has seen the glory of this house as it was before you? Don't you see it in your eyes?
then you shall give to Yahweh every male who opens the womb, and every firstborn of all the livestock that are male and female, all these shall be for God.
This shall be the word that comes out of my mouth: he shall return to me destitute of vanity; but he shall perform that which I delight in, that my servant may be prospered in his work which I send him.
The grass withers, And the flower falls; For the breath of Yahweh is on him. Surely man is like the flower in the grass.
These are the kings of the hill country, and of the lowland, in the Arabah, and in the mountains, in wilderness, and on the South: Hittite, Amorite, Canaanite, Perizzite, Hivite, and Jebusite.
and you will testify both to them and to the Gentiles for my sake, that they also may be witnesses both before the governor and the king.
He will call forth a prayer to a people far off, calling aloud to the ends of the earth; and, behold, they are rushing to it.
Then I rebuked the officers, and said to them, Why has the house of God been made desolate? I gathered the Levites together, and explained the causes of them.
Asa cried to Yahweh his God, and said, Please let there be none to help but you, God, between the strong and the weak. Please help us, because we have trusted in you, and have spoken your name against all those who are round about us: Yah, our God, you are our God; let no man prevail against you.
You shall eat the food that is in your hand. You shall bless and multiply.
and sit on your beautiful bed, and take a table before you, and lay my spices on it, and put my ointment on it.
For I said, I am not Christ, but that I was sent to be his prophet. You are my witnesses in this matter.
The burnt offering of the king on the Sabbath day shall be six ewe lambs without blemish, and one ram without lambs;
If a rich man comes in with jewels of gold, and wears beautiful clothing to your synagogues, and a poor poor person comes in,
He divided the country into a separate company, and gave authority to the servant over them. He said to his servant, Go forth before me, that there may be at each company a burnt offering.
The multitude said, What sign have you done that you have shown us, that we may believe in you? and what work is your service?
Then they forsook the multitude, and sailed away in a deserted place.
Now therefore make haste, and tell his disciples, He is risen from the dead, and he is going before you into Galilee, and there you will see him.' I have told you.
Pharisees came to him, testing him, and asked him, Can a man take his wife?
The wicked go for vanity, But the seed of righteousness for a sure reward.
I left you nothing bad, that you might do as I have done to you.
Mark out the battle, and lay hold of the wicked. Mark out those who uphold the circumcision.
To the God who gives strength and power, For his loving kindness endures forever;
Their little ones shall be dashed before their eyes, and their houses shall be a desolation; and their wives shall be reproach.
Deliver me, Yahweh, from my enemies. Hide me from your presence.
Come to me, and hear. I have not spoken from the beginning. From this, I am there. Now the Lord Yahweh has sent me and his Spirit.
The mocker seeks wisdom, and doesn't find it. The discerning find it quickly.
Rejoice forever, and be glad; for I have created Jerusalem to be glad, and her inhabitants to rejoice.
When one of the maidens saw Peter sitting and warming himself, she kept her eyes on him, and said, This man also was with Jesus.
Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who raised up Jesus Christ from the dead, who gives us life in the body, according to the mercies of his mercy,
When they saw me in the temple, I was already baptized, and there was no crowd, neither was there any doubting,
Yahweh spoke to you on the top of the mountain from the midst of the fire.
If two men fight, and one of them draws near, and comes to save his husband from the hand of those who beat him, and stretch out his hand to take the man's nakedness;
Tell us, is it lawful for a ruler to pay taxes to Caesar?
None of the priests say, Where is Yahweh? As for the law, it has not known me; The captains of the guard have rebelled against me, The prophets have prophesied against Baal, And have walked in unprofitable things.
God came to Abimelech in a dream in the night, and said to him, You are a man of death; for the woman whom you have married is a woman of man.
David arose, and took the staff in his hand; and he chose in the mountain of the ascent five bare stones, and set them in the midst of the earth, where the keepers of the sheep had abode: and he took a line of stone, and went to the Philistine.
He said to the judges, See what you do; for you are not judged for man, but for Yahweh. He will be with you when you are judged.
For Solomon asked, and the Lord was pleased with his words.
He who is void of understanding plots against him. His lips are like fire.
Then your master will come and tell you, Give him a reward!' and you will be ashamed, and will go and sit in the lowest place.
For they didn't receive anything from the sight of the flesh, because they preached the Good News of Christ openly.
Why do we hear them speak according to the foolishness of our fathers who were born among us?
You will be glad and rejoice. Many will rejoice in his birth.
I always remember you. To you it is a matter of proportionality. For you have all been partakers of the grace of God, whether in prison, or in my testimony, at my testimony.
and when he sees it, he prays to the angels, and humbles himself; yes, he is wise in his own body, but in the flesh it is not profitable for him.
I will make man greater than pure gold, and men greater than the gold of Ophir.
It will happen in the days of trouble, That the sun will be darkened, And the moon will not give its light;
For the god of this world blinds the spirit of unbelief, so that they may not see the light of the Good News; and it illuminated the glory of Christ, the image of God.
Saul sent messengers to Jesse, saying, Send me David your son, the keeper of the sheep.
Rebekah also took delight in the beautiful clothing that Esau the firstborn had put in his house, and put on Jacob, her younger son,
They sow wheat and gather spelt; they labor in vain, and there is no profit: for the wrath of Yahweh is kindled against their increase.
He shall be to them as a wild donkey; and his hand shall be against all; and the hand of all will be against him; and he shall stand before all his brothers.
But Peter rose up, and the eleven, and cried with a loud voice, and said to them, Know this, you Jews, and you inhabitants of Jerusalem, and listen to me.
For the things which I dread come on me, And the things that I dread, on me.
Give thanks to the Lord of Armies, For his loving kindness endures forever.
Let the balances of justice be weighed. Let God know my integrity.
He put the head on a platter, and spread it on the breastplate, and she took it, and gave it to her mother.
behold, the days come, says Yahweh, that all that is in your house, and that which your fathers have stored up to this day, shall be taken and brought to Babylon; there shall be none remaining, says God.
There was dreamed that night me and he, and two men; and the dream of the children of our people was not told.
The meal offering of the priest shall be wholly burnt; it shall not be eaten.
To the God who brought Israel up out of Egypt; For his loving kindness endures forever:
Solomon went after Ashtoreth the queen of the Sidonians, and after Milcom the abominable spirit of the children of Ammon.
Therefore my heart sounds like Moab, and my heart like the singers of Kir Heres, because they have ceased.
Jesus said to her, Daughter, your faith has made you well. Go in peace.
The inner court was toward the south; and from gate to gate he measured southward one hundred cubits.
The singers gathered themselves together from the cities around Jerusalem, and from the villages of Neodephat,
I will make the arms of the king of Babylon strong, and will deliver my sword into his hand; and I will break Pharaoh's arms, and he shall cry before him as of a dead man.
Kings shall mourn, and the princes shall be desolate; and the hands of the people shall tremble: and I will deal with them according to their ways, and according to the judgment of their elders shall I judge them; and they shall know that I am Yahweh.
Yahweh spoke suddenly to Moses, Aaron, and Miriam, saying, Bring forth three men to the tent of meeting. They came forth three.
I will go to him who is lost. I will bring him back who was driven away; I will bind him up who was broken, and heal him who was sick; but the fat and the strong will I destroy, and I will feed them.
He went out of Tyre, and passed through the region of Sidon and Cenchreae, and came to the sea of Galilee.
They called together the priests and the Levites, and said to them, Go into the cities of Judah, and buy the house of your God from year to year: but make haste concerning this matter. The Levites made haste.
Then one man will take a cow and two rams.
Thus says Jephthah: The children of Israel have given no heed to the land of Moab, nor to the lands of the children of Ammon.
He said, Lord, I have fulfilled all that you commanded me, but now it is vanity.
Solomon planned to build a house for the name of Yahweh, and a palace for his kingdom.
gave his offering: one silver platter, the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekel, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering;
Every animal, every creeping thing, and every bird of the sky, of all that is on the surface of the earth, the nations went out in a great multitude.
But escape from foolishness, from strife of fathers' houses, and from the law; for all these things have no profit nor right.
They have made kings, and not from me; they have made princes, and I don't know them: they make idols of their silver and of their gold, and they are cut off.
Iron for their kings, And iron for their servants;
and it shall be for a memorial in the house of Yahweh in Helam, in Tobiah, and in Jahaziah, the son of Zephaniah, (the same is Josiah),
Therefore I will wail for the vine of Sibmah, And for the lamentation of the Jazerites; And I will cast you away with tears, Heshbon and Elisha, Because you have brought forth the fruit and the harvest with shouting.
and cast them into the furnace of fire, where they will lament and gnash the teeth.
Woe to you who have so much to do! For you are hungry! Woe to those who have too much to speak! for you are weeping and wailing.
So the earth became as a sealed heap, and all things were made as the appearance of a garment.
So my anger is turned, and I am comforted at the rebuke of them; and when I have spoken in their anger, they shall know that I, Yahweh, am blameless.
They sacrificed their sons and their daughters to demons,
I have come with the revelation of God. My desire is to set my heart on the Good News of the Gentiles, which I preached to them, that nothing should be gained of my now or of my former works.
For many will not obey, such as speak rashly, and deceivers, but who call the circumcision of Judea and Christ.
This is the small but great priest, who sits on the right hand of the throne of God in heaven,
Arise, go up to Zarephath of Sidon, and dwell there: behold, I have commanded you a widow to feed you.
The angel of Yahweh appeared to him in the flame of the bush. He saw the bush burning, and behold, there was no fire in it.
The word of Yahweh that came to Zechariah the prophet, the son of Belshazzar, in the twelfth month, on the fourteenth day of the month, which is the month Sebar, saying,
Therefore let's not be burdened with evil-doings, but with unleavened bread of truth.
Jehoiada died, being old and full of days. He was one hundred thirty years old when he died.
The throne of the whole earth, its scepter, and all its might, belongs to the saints of the Most High. His kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, and everyone who has dominion shall serve in it.
They turn again like thorns, Like wine and strong drink. Yet they will be burned like dry grass.
He said to the man, Stretch out your hand. He stretched out his hand, and immediately his hand was restored as the other hand.
and over against the wall of the court behind the court, and behind the separate place, and over against those who were in the house, the chambers.
He lived in the hill country of Ephraim, between Ramah and Bethel, under the palm trees of Deborah: and the children of Israel went to him, and were judged by him.
Out of the tribe of Issachar, Kishon with its suburbs, and Diblah with the suburbs,
Then the captain of the guard called Jeremiah, and said to him, Yahweh your God has spoken, to bring this evil on the land.
I will make a covenant with you in the day that you go forth out of Egypt. Don't be afraid, when my Spirit dwells among you.
He who doesn't send much, and doesn't boast in his offering, Is like a wind that doesn't rain.
their camels, four hundred thirty-five; their donkeys, six thousand one hundred twenty.
The first living creature was as a lion, and the second living creature as a calf; and the third living creature had the face of a man, and as the birds of the sky.
They sacrificed on the mountains, and burnt incense on the hills, and on the oaks, and under the boughs, because their shade was good: therefore your daughters played the prostitute, and your wives committed adultery.
Jesus stood before the governor. The governor said to him, Are you the King of the Jews? He answered him, You say.
Pour on, weep, let tears run down your eyes, And turn mourning into mourning, And gladness into sorrow.
Then all those who sat in the council took gold and silver, and looked at Stephen, and saw that his face was like the face of an angel.
As for the prophets, my heart grieved within me, and all my bones trembled: for the word of Yahweh and for his holy name I was as a drunken man, as one who is overcome by wine.
It shall be, when the princes have prophesied to the people, that you shall set the captains of the army over the people;
Sing aloud to God, all the earth!
The cry of Heshbon and of Elim came to Jabesh; therefore Moab caused the cry of the armed men to cease, and their heart trembled.
There passed by, and behold, he was dead; and I sought, but I didn't find him.
But if I say that I will forget my complaint, I will bring joy to my spirit;
They brought up all the holy vessels of Yahweh, the tent of meeting, and all the vessels of the Tent: and the priests and the Levites brought them up.
All the persons of all the congregation of Israel, according to their fathers' houses, all who are able to go out or come out to war in Israel from twenty years old and upward, shall you number.
Inasmuch as you desire men to do to you, so you also desire men.
When evil shall come on us, whether it be sword, or if it be sorcery, or pestilence, or famine, or any kind of trouble, we will stand before this house to make supplication to you; for your name is in this house, and you will hear our prayer and deliverance.
then hear from heaven, and from your dwelling place, and do according to all that the nations have asked of you, that all the peoples of the earth may know your name, and fear you, and your people Israel; and that they may know that the house which I have built is made of your name.
There is none who is so bold as to approach him. Who then can stand before me?
They went out from the council with joy, that they might be counted worthy of the name of the Lord.
Moses said to Yahweh,
Not so in all of these things, for we trust in our God in a perfect and holy place.
Samson thirsted, and cried to Yahweh, and said, Because you have worked a great salvation in the hand of your servants, why should I now die, and fall into the hands of uncircumcised men?
Ahijah was over the treasures of the house of Yahweh, and over the treasuries of the holy things.
The woman conceived, and bore a son; and when she saw that he was a child of the Most Holy One, she put him away three months.
As the prophets have said, The house which the Lord God didn't build in the hand of man,
Aaron ran as Moses had said, and came into the assembly; and behold, the plague was in the midst of the people; and he put incense on them, and made atonement for the people.
For Bezek in the plain of the wilderness, for the Reubenites; Lahbud in Gilead, for Gittites; and Conon in Bashan, For the Manassites.
For the fortified cities shall be desolate, and the waste houses like the wilderness; and the calves shall feed there, and lie down there; and those who till the timber shall eat it.
All the people, even the men who were with him, came near to the city, and encamped on the north of the city: and there was a valley between him and the city.
When you shall come to the land which Yahweh your God gives you for an inheritance, and shall possess it, and dwell therein;
There is no table. Everyone walks in straight paths, and when he meets a spear, he doesn't flee from it.
Then came there a prophet to Ahab king of Israel, and said, Thus says Yahweh, Have you seen a great multitude? behold, I will deliver them into your hand today, and you shall know that I am God.
For you are glad and rejoice, Babylonians, who have taken away my inheritance; for you have loved and gone away mourning, as the shepherds of the grain, and as the young bulls of the field.
Don't deceive yourself. God is not to be deceived. Man will reap what he sows.
You shall not bring him to the city of refuge, to cause him to die before the priest, and to dwell in his land.
Destroy them, Lord, and break their words; For I have seen violence and strife in a city.
For God will establish between sin and innocence in your words.
But the righteous shall rejoice. They shall rejoice in God. Yes, they shall be glad in his sight.
He said to them, Take heed to what you hear. You measure by what measure you measure, and God measure you with the same measure, so that you will be added to him.
I will take the scepter of Samaria, and the ark of the house of Ahab, and put them on Jerusalem; and I will ride on it seven times, and seven times I will come to Jerusalem.
Elisha said to him, What will I do to you? You told me. What is your house? The widow said, There is but a measure of oil in the house of your handmaid, and there is nothing else.
For when you first walked among these, you were also among these.
There is a body of heaven above, and there is the body of the earth; but the light of the body, and the light from the earth, is not like that of heaven.
For all this my eye is still on them, that I should not destroy them, nor consume them in the wilderness.
and the border went down to the river Kanah, on the south of the river, between the cities of Manasseh, which are Ephraim; and the border of the land went out northward, and went out toward the sea.
For they have set a snare in the midst of the pit, and have dug a pit to take away my life.
Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! For you have come to bring a man into the innermost parts of the earth, and to the ends of the sea. But when the man comes in, you have made him to be a deceiver more than you.
It happened in the second year of Darius, in the ninth month, that the word of Yahweh came to Zechariah the prophet, the son of Belshazzar, the father of Iddo, saying,
They utter proudly their words. All the workers of iniquity are conformed to them.
I have destroyed the Amorites from before them; they are grown up as cedars, and mighty as fir trees; yet I have consumed the fruit of them above, and the root of them beneath.
The children of captivity did so: and Ezra the priest and the heads of fathers' houses were of those who were mentioned by name by these divisions: they sat down together in the tenth month, to observe this.
That your praise may be heard, And that you may declare all your wondrous works.
Serv Yahweh with a joyful heart. Sing praises before him.
Therefore love the foreigner, for you also lived as aliens in the land of Egypt.
They said, We will not drink wine; for Jonadab the son of Rechab, our father, commanded us, saying, You shall never drink wine, you nor your seed,
But Jesus didn't leave the priesthood to another, for he lives.
They divided my garments by lot, And cast lots for my clothing.
You were made bondservants of righteousness through sin.
I testify that he labored very much for you, and for those who are in Laodicea and in Greece.
Don't give to the animals a gentle spirit. Don't forget the life of the poor forever.
As for man, his days are like grass, And his riches like the flower of the field,
He made the lampstand of pure gold; its base and its pillars, its cups, its branches, and its flowers, of beaten work.
Men cry aloud because of many oppressions; Men cry for the oppression of the oppressor.
Yahweh answered the angel who talked with me with good words and with gentle words.
Behold, I have shown this to them, says Yahweh; and I will make them know my greatness and my might: and they shall know that my name is Yahubah.
But Job said to her, Why do you speak as the foolish women speak? If we have blessed Yahweh, will we not have evil? Job didn't sin at his mouth in all this.
This sword was given for the light, that it might be given to the hand to light; and it was given in its place, to give light into the hand of the slain.
Samuel answered, For peace, I will sacrifice to Yahweh. Cleanse yourselves, and come with me. Samuel purified Jesse and his sons, and called them clean.
Give to man, and you will receive; and you shall give to man the cup of fullness: and let him sun and brimstone be baked, and they shall be poured on your garments; for with whatever measure you measure, it will be measured to you.
Yahweh, I know the way of man, and it is not from himself. He who walks in the way can't choose his own steps.
those who were numbered of them, of the tribe of Zebulun, were thirty-five thousand four hundred.
If the life of our father is in jeopardy, and the lives of this child be irrevocable, then I will return to your servant my father, and if the child isn't with us;
Likewise in the day of the flood, when the waters were not stayed, So also were the long-suffering women.
He made a robe of fine linen, and blue, purple, scarlet, and fine twined linen, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
You shall make a breastplate of it, and put the Urim and the Thummim in it.
and the fourth row a jacinth, an agate, and an amethyst; all of them were of gold.
They went out, and came into the city, and found all that Jesus had spoken, and they prepared the Passover.
They tell you, in the Sabbath, some of those who walk blamelessly in things which they don't know, and they love other men's faith.
When the old man lifted up his eyes, and saw that the guests were in the street of the city, he said to him, Where are you from? where are you going?
Don't delight the wicked, Yahweh. Don't let their counsels go astray, So that they may be exalted. Selah.
When the day of the death of Israel drew near, he called Joseph his son, and said to him, If now I have found favor in your eyes, put your hand under my thigh, and swear to me that you will not kill me with loving kindness and truth in Egypt.
Adonijah was afraid for Solomon, and rose up, and went to the horns of the altar.
He answered, I will give him some bread, and the man is he. He gave him one cake, and gave it to Judas the son of Simon the Canaanite.
The faithful servant, Tychicus, our beloved, will tell you both things and my opinion.
So they cast lots, and drew lots for Jonah. They said to him, Tell us, for whose cause has this evil happened to us? and what have you done? where have you come from? and where is your place? and who are your relatives?
to cleave to him who made us free from sin, that we might be joined to him for the righteousness of God;
Now I tell you what I will do to my vineyard. I will tear the strips of cloth from off it, and they shall be devoured; and I will break down the walls, and take them away.
Behold, your words shall be swift, and when they are swift they shall know that there have been prophets among them.
His bones are full of the strength of his youth, But he shall lie down with him in the dust.
The children of Eleazar, and the children of Ithamar, by lot, didn't part one another in the lot; but some were princes in the sanctuary, and some in the presence of God.
Saul said to Jonathan, Tell me what you have done. Jonathan said, Most assuredly I have cast a worm in my hand, and it has leavened my taste; and shall I die?
This is love according to the commandment of God. This commandment you have heard from the beginning.
I brought forth your fathers out of Egypt, and you came into the sea; and the Egyptians pursued after your fathers in their chariots and in horsemen, to the Red Sea.
He made the poles of acacia wood, and overlaid them with brass.
When he had conferred with the Gentiles, and had tasted their doings,
But he was full of grace and works, doing great wonders and signs among the people.
Then they brought in the paralytic, that they might bring him in before Jesus.
Then the princes of Moab arose, and returned to Balak, and said, Balaam won't come with us.
He went with his disciples to a place called Gennesaret. He said to his disciples, Sit here, until I come and pray.
Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel: Thus shall you tell the king of Judah who sent you to me, saying, Behold, the men who came forth to help Pharaoh's army return to the land of Egypt.
I write to you, Titus, in the faith of our Christ. Grace to you and peace from God our Father and Christ Jesus our Savior.
But afterward I will bring back the captivity of the children of Ammon, says Yahweh.
You have made your palaces in the garden of Eden God, of ruby, and topaz, and gold, and purple, and ebony, and coral, and scarlet, and precious stones, and pearls, and pomegranates, and emeralds; in the day that you were created, you did make them.
Moses went up into the cloud, and Moses stayed on the mountain forty days and forty nights.
So that, if you love one another, they will know that you are my disciples.
There will be no darkness, nor light from the lamp, nor the light of the sun; for the Lord God will give them light, and they will reign forever.
and a tenth part of an ephah of fine flour mingled with the fourth part of a hin of oil for a meal offering.
There is Assyria, and all her people; their graves are round about them; all of them slain by the sword.
As for all the wicked neighbors, who have profaned the heritage of my people Israel, thus says Yahweh, Behold, I will drive them out of their land, and I will cast out the house of Judah from among them.
Then the princes were angry with Jeremiah, and struck him, and put him in the house of Jonathan the scribe, because they had made him a yoke.
He will judge the world in righteousness, And the peoples in justice.
and all your food that I give you, and your salutations, and the oil and the honey, which I have given you, you shall set before them for a sweet savor, even so you shall do, says the Lord Yahweh.
His lord said, It is better that we not turn into the cities of the Gentiles, which are not of the children of Israel; than that we should pass over to Gibeah.
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old everyone who entered into the service, for work in the Tent of Meeting.
He threw a sickle on the earth, and plucked up the grapes of the earth. He threw the grapes into the fierceness of the winepress of the wrath of God.
From there Yahweh your God will gather you, and from there he will bring you up again, whoever you have driven out.
At what instant I shall speak concerning a nation, or concerning a kingdom, to establish and to plant;
If he will be pleased with you, your blessing will be on him; but if not, send for the blessing of him who has received you.
He said, Beware! Don't be deceived, for many will come in my name, saying, I am the Christ,' and, The hour is at hand.' Don't follow them.
Now after this the Moabites and the children of Ammon came together, and the Mizpahites to fight against Jehoshaphat.
Yahweh said to him, Take me a young bull, a young goat, a lion, a ram, a male lamb a year old, and a young pigeon.
They reasoned among themselves, saying, We brought no bread. What does he say then?
He who sins is against the devil, for the devil trespassed from the beginning, and the destruction of the work of the Son of God is against him.
You shall break down every fortified city, and every beautiful city; you shall cut down every good tree, and you shall make the springs of water to cease, you shall strike every good field with stones.
You have sent out your majesty, and have overthrown those who rise up against you. You have sent forth your wrath, and burned them as grass.
They are swift to depart from the way which I have commanded them; and they have built them a calf, and have come down and worshiped it, and offered sacrifices to it, saying, This is the god who brought you up out of the land of Egypt.
Our refuge and our strength. God is our help in times of trouble.
For apart from Jesus, there is no salvation for us, because God has not given any name among the people, that we might be saved by it.
Your eyes are the lamp of the body. If your eyes were gold, then your whole body would be light; But if your eye were blood, you would be darkness.
The survivors are gathered together, and stand before Heshbon: but the fire is gone forth from Heshmon, and the flame from Sihon, and it has devoured all the region of Moab, and on the heads of the governors.
I, Daniel, have seen the vision, and desired to understand it. Then stood before me a man in the likeness of a man.
For the Scripture says, My brothers, You shall not swear by heaven or by earth, or by anything that is in it: It says, Yes,' and it says, No,' that you won't be judged by God.
I have led them captive among the nations, and gathered them together to their own land, and left none of them there; and they shall know that I am Yahweh their God.
Don't be far from me, Yahweh. Come quickly to help me, God, my strength.
It happened in the morning, that Pharaoh's heart was not merry; and he sent and called all the enchanters and the wise men out of Egypt; and Pharaoh told them the dream which he had dreamed: but there was no man who could show Pharaoh the interpretation.
Simon Peter answered, Lord, who are you, that we should follow?
Consider my wickedness, whether it is good or bad. Lead me in the way of life forever.
For, behold, it is my beloved's voice. Behold, he comes, and he rests on the mountain, and prays on the sand.
It happened in the eleventh year, in the first month, on the seventh day of the month, that the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
A voice shall be heard to the end of the earth, for Yahweh shall contend with the nations; and all flesh shall be at peace with them; and the wicked, he shall deliver them to the sword. I, even I, have spoken it.
He had seven sons and three daughters.
I will also boast, if there are so many who are busybodies.
Now Hannah's heart was mute, and her lips were mute, so that they could not hear: therefore Eli was taken as a drunken man.
You ought not to stand by the way of those who fled in the midst of them; neither should you give over the remnant of them to the adversary in the day of their calamity.
The seed of his servant will inherit the land. Those who love him will dwell in the midst of it.
The cities of the rest of the families of the sons of Kohath were ten thousand with their suburbs.
Is it good for man to seek God? Yes, it is good for him to seek himself.
It happened, after Rachel had borne Joseph, that Jacob said to Laban, Send me away, that I may go to my own place, my own country.
and silver and gold that the king and his counselors desired to offer to the God of Israel, who dwells in Jerusalem;
and they shall keep all my commandments which I command you, and remember that I have been with you forever, even to the end of the world.
He shown him all the nakedness of his heart, and said to him, There has not been a head cut off from my head; for from my mother I became a Nazirite: if you take me up, my strength shall depart from me, and I shall be weak as another man.
He who overcomes shall be clothed in white; and I will not blot out his name from the book of life; but I will confess his name before my Father, and before his angels.
Everyone of you greetings from his brothers. Greet one another with a holy kiss.
Israel said, Why have you devised this thing against me, that you should tell him that you are still alive?
You will strike them with a rod of iron, shattering them like a bottle of wine.
If I ascend into heaven, there you are. If I lay in Sheol, there are you.
When Rachel heard the voice, and the weeping and the lamentations, Rachel wept for her children. She would not be comforted, for they were all dead.
Joseph's brothers, when they saw that his father loved Joseph, hated Joseph, and didn't speak peaceably to him.
Then Ahimelech answered the king, Who is like David among your servants? He is the king's son-in-law, and your tutor, and honorable in your house.
Doesn't the field, which he shall sow, always bring forth? Or does it always bring up a reed to bear its dust?
David also took Ahinoam the Jezreelite: and they were his two wives.
Moses brought forth the people out of the camp to meet God; and they all stood on the mountainside.
He shall kill him on the north side of the altar before Yahweh: and Aaron's sons the priests shall sprinkle his blood on the altar round about.
His daughter's name was Seerah. She built Beth Horon, and those who were at Beth Horlon, and Uzziah.
Paul, a prisoner of Christ Jesus. To Timothy our brother, a letter to Philippi our beloved,
You have sown wickedness, and have dealt in iniquity; you have eaten deceitfully: for you trust in your own ways, and in the company of your mighty men.
Moses and Aaron fell before all the assembly of Israel.
How is a nation divided against itself, And a people divided against themselves for vanity?
knowing that, while he desired to receive the blessing, he would not receive it, because he didn't seek the will of his father, that he might seek it out, and ask diligently, and not be blessed.
The burden of Tyre. Wail, you ships of Tarshish; for Tyre is laid waste, and there is no house, nor man to go in. News is told from the land of Kittim.
The Jews therefore said, He said, Where I am going, you can't come,' and, Where he is going, shall he be hanged?'
and with you I will break in pieces young men and virgin women; and with you will I break down the shepherds and his flocks: and with your will I broke in pieces the farmer and his herd; and the king and his princes with you.
I will bring you into the wilderness of the Gentiles, and there I will judge you.
The high priest said, Are these the things?
For the Lord made the army of the Syrians to hear the voice of chariots and the noise of horses, even a great army. They said one to another, Behold, the king of Israel is come to us, and the kings of the Hittites, and those of the Egyptians.
His division, and those who were numbered of them, were fifty-nine thousand three hundred.
Behold, there was a great earthquake, and the foundations of the prison were shaken, and all the doors of the prisons were opened, and every man's foot was broken.
The seven priests who bore the seven trumpets of rams' horns went before the ark of Yahweh continually, blowing trumpets; and the armed men went before them, and the priests followed the trumpets continually, sounding trumpets.
Most assuredly I tell you, the law will not be abolished until the day that heaven and earth are no more.
The king of Egypt said to them, Moses and Aaron, why do you make the people bear their burdens? now therefore come and do your work.
having been instructed in the Holy Spirit, knowing that after his death he will see the promise of the Lord.
Let him who is a father not provoke his children to anger, that he may not cause their heart to melt.
For a drink offering he made half a hin of wine, an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor to Yahweh.
Behold, they go into exile for evil. The Egyptians shall gather them, and the Moabites shall bury them. With the money they shall do nothing. In the habitation of their tents they shall cause stubble.
I am a Jew, born at Tarsus in Galilee, and the chief of the disciples who are in Jerusalem, and in the kingdom which is here, who have been taught in the law by our fathers zealously serving God.
When he had spoken to the twelve, he departed from there, and went into the city, and taught and preached the Good News.
Now there was a certain centurion, and he was sick of fever, and was dying.
Yahweh said to Moses, Tell Aaron, Take your rod, and stretch out your hand over the waters of Egypt, over their rivers, and over their streams, over every flowing stream; that they may be turned into blood throughout all the land of Egypt: every vessel that is in the field, and every stone, shall be blood.
David said to the servants who were with him in Jerusalem, Arise, and let us flee; for we shall not escape Absalom: but let us hurry and come; lest he come on us quickly, and strike us, and kill us with the sword.
Know therefore that the word of this salvation is preached to the Gentiles, and they will hear, and receive it.
Woe to you, land, if your king is a boy, And your princes rejoice in the morning;
and fell down at his feet, and gave him thanks. Now this man was a Samaritan.
Your lips are like serpents. Your mouth also is beautiful. Your lips are a pomegranate in your skin.
Is it according to your commandment that the eagle should be exalted on high?
You fatherless, don't provoke your children to anger, but exalt them in the Lord's word and in his teaching.
It happened after this, that Jeroboam didn't turn from his wicked way; and he appointed priests to all the people, every man to his priesthood; and they set apart him for the priest of the high places.
then I will establish your throne, as I made a covenant with David your father, saying, Your seed shall rule over Israel forever.
Don't eat of man's dainties. Don't delight in his good pleasure.
All winged creeping things that go on all fours, they are an abomination to you.
He said, Take a cake of figs. They took it, and laid it on the boil; and the king was made well.
Jesus answered them, It is not known to you what the Son of Man has commanded by his own authority, which is in the day.
until Yahweh has given rest to your brothers, as he has given you; and they have gotten the land of the Jordan, which Yahwehu your God gave them; and afterward you shall return every man to the land which I give you for an inheritance.
Then the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
If a man doesn't keep the one law of the law, he has not kept the whole law.
For whoever is born or uncircumcised has no fear, but his fear is the commandments of God.
They answered before the king, and said, Daniel, of the house of Judah, who was among the children of the captivity, he didn't liaise with you to take advantage of you, but he prayed three times in one day.
To him who created the great light; For his loving kindness endures forever:
This is the history of Noah's generations. Noah was righteous, and perfect in the midst of the world. Noah went with God.
He told him these things, and said, When the Hebrew servant whom you brought to us comes to me to mock me,
But in those days Bithana and Teresh, two of the porters, who were in the king's chamber, were shut up in the royal gate; and they conspired against the king Ahasuerus in their anger.
Pharaoh said, Behold, many are the people of the land, and you will compel them to do nothing.
He drove out the nations before them. He measured the land of the nations with a line, and gave them for an inheritance. He set the tribes of Israel in the tents of the Gentiles.
The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
Yahweh said to Moses, When you return into Egypt, mark before Pharaoh all the wonders that I have given you into your hand. But I will harden his heart, and he will not let this people go.
The days of Zion are better than the days of snow. They are smoother than milk. Their body is smoother than emeralds, As the fullness of a diamond.
As for Jehoiakim king of Judah, thus shall you say, Thus says Yahweh, You have burned the scroll, and said, Why did you write therein, The king of Babylon shall come and destroy the land, both man and animal;
Yahweh said to Joshua, Up! Why have you fallen on your face?
Then his disciples came to him, saying, Who is the greatest in the Kingdom of Heaven?
For your arrows pierced my flesh. Your hand held me firmly.
Jesus went with him, and a great multitude followed him.
He made a house of gold, and a chamber of checker work, and an outer court, and bars, and doors, and he carved cherubim on them.
For thus says Yahweh, Behold, I will bring forth the inhabitants of this land at this time; and I will cause their affliction, and make them desolate;
and multiply your days, and the days of your seed, as Yahweh swore to your fathers to give them their land, and multiplied it much, as in the day that the sky covered the earth.
So Rehoboam went to Shechem; for all Israel went to Hechem to be made king in his place.
Go, inquire of Yahweh for me and for the people, and for all Judah, concerning the words of this book which are found in it; for great is the anger with which God is angry with us, because our fathers have not obeyed the voice of these words, nor done according to all that is written in this book.
It happened in the days of Abijar the high priest, that David went into the house of God to eat the bread of the altar, and to give to those who were passing by, that according to the law it was forbidden for the priests to eat.
and their meal offering, fine flour mixed with oil, three tenth parts for the bull, and three tenths for the ram, two rams for every ram,
All the people gave praise to Demetrius, and the truth also testified against him; and we testified about him, and you know that our testimony is true.
If you can understand, hear this word. Turn your ear to the voice of my words.
Let my tongue sing to your promise, For all your commandments are righteous.
He said, Don't lay your hand on this child, neither do you do anything to him; for now know that you are in fear of God, and you have not given me your son, even your only son.
He reasoned with the Jews who spoke Greek; yet they sought to kill him again.
I will put your skirts on him, and your sash on him; and I will deliver the right of your ruler into his hand: and he shall be a dwelling father to the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and to the house of Judah.
They entered into a boat, intending to go to Capernaum. But when evening had come, he didn't yet come to them.
He said to them, Where is he going? for his son saw the way that the man of God came from Judah.
He said, Listen diligently, and I will come in the midst of you. Blessed is he who keeps the words of this book!
Moses turned and came down from the mountain, and took in his hand two tables of the covenant; and the two tables were written on one side, and on the other they were written.
Blessed be Yahweh, who is great and Mighty. There is no end of his greatness.
As the tents of the shepherds, so have I been removed from my habitation. I have taken my life up, and those who are in it, And he will cut me off from my tent. From morning to evening Yahweh seeks to take my life.
Jesus answered them, You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart, and with your whole soul, and in all your mind.
Azariah the priest, with the skillful men of God, went in after him eighty men.
Saul said, Draw lots between me and Jonathan my son. Lot drew out Jonathan.
Put me away from the punishment of your discipline, For I will be consumed by the sword of your hand.
There the centurion found a ship of Alexandria bound for Italy, to go to Dalmatia; and he called us into the boat.
The children of Israel were arrayed in their tents, every man according to his division, and every man after his standard.
Therefore these men of Israel have not eaten of the root of the first, to this day; for that man did cut off the roots of the head of Jacob.
Hezekiah commanded that he should prepare a place in the house of Yahweh; and they prepared it.
What do you think about Christ? Who is he who is born of? They answered him, The seed of David.
For I am in Christ Jesus. Therefore I glorify God.
those who were numbered of them, of the tribe of Dan, were fifty-three thousand four hundred.
Even so, if you don't forgive your brothers, neither will my Father in heaven do so to you.
The waters prevailed on the earth one hundred fifty days, and the waters subsided.
Then justice will dwell in the wilderness, And righteousness in the fruitful field.
As our Lord Jesus Christ has shown me, the day that I left the world is at hand.
The king answered them, Behold, I know that you are in a rush, for the dream I didn't remember.
how he must suffer and rise again from the dead, that the light of salvation might be preached to the Jews and to the Gentiles;
Brothers, do good, and don't be afraid.
The Egyptians pursued after them: and all Pharaoh's horses, and his chariots, and all his army, came to Pihahiroth by the sea, over against Baal Zephon, and overtook them in the camp where the children of Israel encamped.
These are the fourteenth months of Darius the king's reign, which were twenty-four years.
They shall bring the glory and honor of the nations to this city.
For you know neither sexual immorality, nor uncleanness, nor covetousness (which is the same image), that they can't be the people of Christ and of the Kingdom of God.
Neither will they disclose to you the witness of my accusers, which they accuse me of.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: Many shall I bring against them, and I will cast them into captivity, and they shall be robbed.
So Balak took Balaam to the hill of Sos, and went up to the top of Pisgah, and built seven altars, and offered up every altar a bull and a ram.
Even so also you were there with those who kept the law of Nicanor.
Moses commanded the children of Israel according to the word of Yahweh, saying, It is necessary that the tribe of the sons of Joseph speak.
Whoever steals his father or his mother's goods, and says, This is not sin,' this man is also a murderer.
Therefore we said one to another, Let us build an altar, not for burnt offering, nor for sacrifice,
From Yahweh comes salvation. Receive the blessing of your people. Selah.
saying, If you are the King of the Jews, save yourself.
Brothers, I didn't come to you in a beautiful oracles, or in wisdom, to preach to you the mystery of God;
He hurried, and poured out the water that was in the trench, and ran to the well, and made all his camels drink water.
Moses went on his way, as Yahweh commanded him, so they went on their way.
There shall be no trouble in your way, Neither shall there be any stumbling in your steps, When you run.
I will stretch out my hand, and strike him with all my wonders that I will do in Egypt; and afterward he will let you go.
and the captain of the guard took Seraiah the chief priest, and Zephaniah the second priest the second, and the three keepers of the threshold;
Another angel came out of the temple, and he cried with a loud voice to him who sat in the cloud, Take away your handfuls of harvest; for the harvest is at hand, and the fruit of the earth is ripe.
By the gate of the city, and at the entrance of the gate, and in the entry, and as one goes in, he cries out,
It will happen in that day, that the high and bare people, who are feared from the beginning of the nations, who spread out the boundaries, whose land is swallowed up, who will offer an offering to Yahweh of Armies, who has brought his name up to Mount Zion;
They shall go forth to see the dead bodies of those who have rebelled against me; for their worm shall not die, nor their fire be quenched; and all flesh shall abhor them.
Rejoice in Yahweh, And remember his holy name.
See that you do his word before him, and don't rebel against him; for he will not forgive your transgressions, but has come in my name.
If you say, It is,' then you will say, No;' and whatever they say, it is from the devil.'
For thus says Yahweh, There shall never be a man to sit on the throne of Israel,
But the tree of wickedness shall not eat of its fruit; for in the day of its eating you shall surely die.
But I will sing of your strength, And in the morning I will shout of your loving kindness; For you have been my stronghold, My refuge in the day of trouble.
Your counsel is too great for you. Now let them arise, those who regard the heavens, who see the stars, who prophesy in the moon, who bring you out of the things that are to come on you.
Micaiah said, I saw all Israel scattered abroad on the mountains, like a flock without shepherd. Thus says Yahweh, These have no master, let them each return to his own house.'
The veil shall be in the lower part of the robe; and you shall bring the ark of the testimony into the veil: and it shall separate you from the sanctuary and from the holy place.
The eye hunts for evil, And the lips draw near to it to do it.
He gathered the assembly together to the door of the Tent of Meeting, and fought against them: and the glory of Yahweh appeared to the assembly.
The land by the sea will become a pasture, A pasture for the shepherds, And a fold for the flock.
Joshua the son of Nun was filled with the spirit of wisdom; for Moses laid his hands on him; and the children of Israel obeyed him, and did as Yahweh commanded Moses.
One, I have heard from God, that power is of God;
Return therefore to your God, and keep love, and justice, and wait for your God always.
Their rock is not like our rock, So that our adversaries are blameless.
Judah said to Israel his father, Send the child with me, and we will go, that we may live with you, and with our little ones.
There came men out of Egypt, and out of all places, and brought presents to Solomon.
David had not gone up into heaven; but he said, God said to my Lord, Sit on my right hand,
to Timothy, my beloved son: Grace, mercy, and peace from God our Father and Christ Jesus our Lord.
Behold, I speak to you as to my sons, saying to them, Be imitators of our own selves, and let your hearts be enlarged.
Didn't they teach you, and speak to you, utter the words of his heart?
I heard a man speaking to me out of the temple. A man stood by me.
The multitude of waters can't pass away, Neither can the floods cover them. But if anyone desires to possess all the substance of his house, let him refuse.
one young bull, one ram, one male lamb a year old, for a burnt offering;
Judges me according to your righteousness, Yahweh my God. Don't let them gloat over me.
A mighty army was under their hand, thirty-seven thousand five hundred, mighty in might, able to help the king against his enemies.
But when Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came into the land, we said, Come, let us draw near to Jerusalem, and let us escape the Chaldeans, and the Syrians: therefore we have lived in Jerusalem.
I know your affliction and your poverty, and behold, you are rich; and I know that you have been called a Jew, and yet they are not Jews, but they are partakers of Satan.
Cursed be he who doesn't keep the words of the law. All the people shall say, Amen.
When the children of Ammon knew that they were an abomination to David, they sent, and hired the Syrians who were at Beth Rehob, and the Syrians of Zobah, two thousand footmen, and one thousand men of the king of Maacah; and a thousand of the men of Tob.
Son of man, because Tyre looks toward Jerusalem, and says, Ah, the gates of the nations are broken, and they are returned to me; they are laid waste, and I am desolate.'
gave his offering: one silver platter, the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekel, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering;
Praise Yahweh, Jerusalem! Praise your God, Zion!
Woe to those who are pregnant and to the nursing mothers in those days!
As a bird that flies on the nest, And as an owl that turns on her snare, So a curse can't be fulfilled.
He who utters a word commends righteousness; But a man of witnesses utters deceit.
My skin is blackened with itching. My bones are burned with heat.
For he who finds me shall find life, And will find favor in Yahweh.
and over the treasures of the king was Azumeth the son of Adtiel: and over the fields, the porters, the harvesters, and the towers, was Jonathan the son Uzziah.
Then all the people went to Gilgal, and made Saul king in the presence of Yahweh: and there they offered peace offerings before God. There was great joy to Saul, and to all Israel.
Haven't you made me like milk, And brought me forth like milk?
For Yahweh hardened their heart against Israel, and fought against them, and destroyed them utterly, and didn't find mercy, so that they were destroyed utterly, according to the commandment of God by Moses.
When you say, No; but we will ride on horses; therefore you will run; and again, We will ride in the swift animal; therefore those who follow you will flee quickly.
Yahweh, your hand is high, and they don't look back. They shall see your shame, which you have done for the children of men; and the fire has devoured your adversaries.
and the unleavened cakes, and the cakes of the leavened and the anointed with oil, you shall make them of good mammon.
As the first, the Jews, and the Amorites, and Moses, so these men also are in the battle against the truth. Their own minds are corrupted, and they are tested in faith.
For the ships of Kittham will come against him, and so that he grieves in his heart, and he goes back; and he will protest the holy covenant, and do as he desires: and then he will return, and will counsel with those who forsake the covenant.
You shall die in peace. You shall live long, and be buried.
They offer the spoil of war, which they take in battle to repair the house of Yahweh.
The jailer called for fire, and brought it to light. When they had come in, they fell on their faces before Paul and Silas.
The fifth angel sounded, and I saw a star falling from the sky, and having no place to rest.
It happened in the morning, that David rose up early, he and his men, and departed, and went into the land of the Philistines: and they went to Jezreel.
There appeared also a great sign in the sky, a woman having on her body the sun, and the moon, and a crown of twelve stars on her head.
that you may sit down with me in my kingdom, and eat and drink, and dwell in a good place, and judge the twelve tribes of Israel.
The fish that he has caught shall be broken, and the vessels of the wood shall be rinsed with water.
Speak to the people, saying, Behold, your brothers the sons of Esau dwell in Seir. Pass over their border, and they will fear you. Take heed therefore to yourselves.
I know my own disobedience. My iniquity is continually before me.
Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, Behold, I will bring again your armies, which you have taken beyond the city, the king of Babylon, and the army of the Chaldeans who besiege you; and I will gather them into this city.
Hear my prayer, Yahweh. Cause my cry to come before you.
So you chased them with your stormy wind, And made them afraid with your great wind.
After he had said these things, he said to them, I will go and wake up Lazarus, our friend.
They shall say, Because they forsook the covenant of Yahweh, the God of their fathers, which he made with them when he brought them out of the land of Egypt;
Now therefore don't count him innocent; for you are a wise man, and you shall know what you shall do to him. You shall bring the blood of his head into Sheol.
The children of Gad lived over against Reuben, and lived in the land of Bashan to Salecah.
Now Jonathan had not heard that their father had sworn to the people: therefore he stretched out the rod of his hand, and put it in the barn; and his hand came out to his mouth, and his eyes were gold.
If God has given us faith in the Lord, who am I, that I should hinder the works of God?
who died for sin, and for the uncircumcision of the flesh, and is raised up with Christ, having pardoned all our sins;
You shall fall by the sword; and I will execute judgments on you in the border of Israel; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
Love is gracious and merciful. Love is not hated, nor boastful,
You shall teach them statutes and ordinances, and show them the way that they should go, and what they shall do;
It happened, after the fruit of the harvest, that David sent and brought him into the house; and he became David's wife, and bore him a son: but Yahweh was displeased with the thing that David did.
The messengers said to David, An adversary is stronger than we: he comes out against us, and we strike him at the gate.
The land indeed yielded its increase, but the beginning was a heifer, and after the heifer the latter brought forth its fruit.
They took him with them in their heart, to the place where they were to go.
But I tell you, as it is written, Elijah has come, and men have done to him whatever seems good to them.
Hushai said, You know that your father was a mighty man, and all his company were with him: and now their heart is aroused, as the bear that fell in the field, and also your father, a man of war, and he shall not rest with the people.
Your father made us a yoke of bitter yoke: now therefore, please let your finger be lifted up, and let us bear the burden of your father's yoke, and we will serve you.
neither have I made this covenant with you, nor made this oath,
Jesus answered them, It will happen, when evening comes, that you will say, Because the sky is red, therefore it will be a good day.'
Now these are the chief measures of the children of Israel, according to their armies:
Don't turn away from your spiritual gift, which you were given with the words of the prophets, and with the hands of elders.
When he is shut up, he shall come into the fat land; and he shall do that which his fathers have not done, neither has he walked in the way of their fathers: he shall give to them the spoil and the prey, and the spoil, and shall devise devices against the former, to the time of his visitation.
Moses said to them, Stand still, and I will hear what Yahweh will tell you.
Jeroboam said to his wife, Arise, and speak; that men may not know that you are Jeroboam's wife. He went to Shiloh, and there was Ahijah the prophet, concerning whom he had said, I shall be king over this people.
to gather the food that the rich man has eaten with his foot, and to satisfy himself; and to the place where his belly causes leprosy.
Then Azariah the high priest, of the house of Zadok, answered, We have eaten enough from the people, and have left much; for Yahweh has blessed his people, he has left much.
That those who love me may inherit wealth, And fill their treasures with gold.
If I do this, how will this which is written about shall be fulfilled?
All men who understand shall understand, And all men who are instructed shall be upright.
Now if it please the king, please let the king examine the affairs of the kingdom of Babylon, whether there has been a decree made to build the house of God which is in Jerusalem. Please show us the king in this matter.
If we say that we are guiltless, we deceive ourselves, and our hearts are not truth.
The sun and the moon will not hurt you, Neither will the moon destroy you.
The mountains quaked because of him, and the hills melted; and the earth was brought up before him, the world, and those who dwell therein.
Are you continually rebelled? Are you ready to be struck? Your head is filled with pain, and your heart is worn out.
You shall eat, and not be satisfied; your vanity shall be within you; you shall be swept away, but you shall dwell securely; I will deliver all that you take to the sword.
Yahweh has sent out a commandment concerning the Assyrians, saying, He who burns you shall not be raised up any more: I will destroy the engraved images and the molten images out of the house of your god; and I will prepare a tomb for you; for you are faint.
He called the priests and the Levites together, and assembled them in a broad place eastward;
Thus Yahweh commanded Moses; and he numbered the people in the wilderness of Sinai.
Let the stars of that night become darkness. Let him hope in the morning, but he won't see the morning.
It will happen at the end of those days, that the mountain of the house of Yahweh will be established on the mountains, and it will be higher than all the hills; and all the nations will be gathered together.
Whatever is wise in the heart of you, you shall do all that Yahweh shall command you;
As such a man, will you open your eyes on him? Or will you lead me away from your judgments?
You shall leave of it until the fourteenth day of the month, in the evening, that all the house of Israel shall kill lambs.
Yahweh saw that Leah didn't find Jacob's love, and he was jealous; but Rachel was not jealous.
If you will rebel against me, and will not listen to me, then I will multiply to you seven times as much evil for your works.
We will possess all kinds of riches. We will fill our houses with the plunder.
For you are God's children, and God has sent into your heart the Spirit of his Son, that you should cry out, Abba! Father!
You are a wild donkey, wandering in the wilderness, whose heart springs forth with her strength; and who can support her while she is young? Let none of her be slack to help her; for in her month she shall be found.
They said to him, Behold, your mother and your brothers stand outside, seeking you.
The wise servant shall find favor in the king's sight, But a small company will be in wrath.
He also is a descendant of the uncircumcised, for they were not circumcised, but were in faith before our father Abraham was circumcised.
His servants conspired against him, and killed him in the king's house.
All day long my enemies mock me. Those who hate me curse me.
This is because of the fury of your holy ground. For you have lifted me up, and cast me down.
But it shall not be eaten. It shall be poured out on the earth as water.
You shall believe that I am in the Father, and he in me. If not, believe also in the works which I do.
He who sent me is with me. He doesn't leave me alone, for I do that which is good in his eyes.
You shall observe to do all that I command you this day: and behold, I will drive out the Amorite from before you, the Canaanite, and the Hittite, the Perizzite, the Hivite and the Jebusite.
Love your father and mother more than those who love me, and don't become my disciples. Love your sons and your daughters more than people who love you.
Please let us build on the wall one hundred cubits on this side, and there we will set the bed, the table, and the lamp; that he may come to us, and we may go in and lodge.
The sons of the prophets who were in Bethel came out to Elisha, and said to him, Do you know that Yahweh will take away your master from you this day? He said, Yes, I know it; don't lift up your voice.
If you don't pay your vows, you will not pay them.
David said to Ahimelech the Hittite, and to Abishai the brother of Joab the son of Zeruiah, Who will go down with me to the camp to Saul? He said, I will come down with you.
But I worked for my name's sake, that it should not be profaned in the sight of the nations, that they should see that I brought them out of the land of Egypt.
Will you turn aside to him? Will you contend for God?
Beloved, let no one deceive you.
For the body is dead, but the spirit is life and peace.
In that day Yahweh magnified Joshua in the sight of all Israel: and the people feared him, as they had feared Moses all his days.
In you are mockers, and bloodthirsty men; In you are men who eat their bread on the mountains, And in you are adulterers.
When they came near to Jebus, the sun was now going down on the mountain. The servant said to his lord, Come, and let us make haste into this city to the Jebusites, and lodge there.
In the fullness of his riches he shall come to the place of crawling things. All the bitter shall stretch out their hands on him.
He went there to strike the inhabitants of Debir: and the name of the city that was before Debir was Kiriath Sepher.
He said to me, Blessed are you, that you come down with hunger and with fasting to those who are partakers of the Lamb's inheritance. He said moreover, This is a true word of God.
Thus shall we deal with them, that they may live, lest the wrath of our oath be on us.
He went and told the man of the place; and he sent him to the field to feed.
Others scoffed at them, saying, They drink new wine, and they faint.
I said to him, Stay with me many days, and don't commit sexual immorality, neither follow after others; and I will do so to you.
Therefore let him therefore be like all his brothers in every way, that he may be a pure and true high priest to the remission of all sins.
No one has a right to redeem himself, neither does he have the right to inherit the world with money.
When evening had come, he called his disciples, and chose twelve men out of them, and called them apostles,
They have worked a lying vision for you, and have cast you into the neck of the evil-doers: their iniquity is past, and their days are come.
The two hundred men, whom Absalom had invited, went with him out of Jerusalem: they were all foreigners, and didn't know the matter.
But the king of Assyria is not this, neither is this written in this book; for his heart is determined to destroy, and to destroy many nations.
A house is a storehouse which the fathers left, But a wife of understanding is Yahweh's.
Now, Israel, what would Yahweh your God desire you? Didn't he desire you to fear God your God, to walk in all his ways, to love him, and to serve him with all his heart, and with all your soul;
If he takes a lamb for a sin offering, then he shall take a female without blemish.
The man said, I have observed all these commandments from my youth.
It will happen, when the end of the days of those nations is come, that the iniquity of men will be settled; and there shall be a king who shall lift up his face to wickedness, and shall speak deceitfully.
They returned to Jerusalem, with harps, psalteries, and trumpets.
What good is it therefore to you, brothers, if I don't speak to you in the words of other languages, in knowledge, in faith, in doctrine, or in instruction?
Is there any controversy between your riches and your might, that you should not be hurt?
All the men of the city were gathered together, and pursued after them: and they pursued after Joshua, and were drawn away from their city.
Jacob came to Succoth, and he built himself a house there, and fattened his livestock there: therefore he called that place Sukoth.
and he said to them, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, who sent me before him to make your supplication, saying,
They said one to another, We have sinned against our brother. When he cried to us, we saw the anguish of his heart, and we refused to listen to him. Therefore this burden is on us.
It happened in the days of the children of Israel, that their inheritance increased to the inheritance of the tribes which they were to join; so their inheritance passed over from the tribe of our fathers.
You shall give to them the cities of the Levites, forty-eight; the cities and the suburbs shall you give them.
The word of Yahweh came to Jeremiah, saying,
Neither is it beyond the sea, that you should say, Who has come up for us from the sea to bring us here, that we may hear and do thus?'
For everyone who keeps the day by the Lord keeps it, and everyone who eats eats because of the Lord, to give thanks to him. Likewise also to him who doesn't eat, because he gives thanks.
If a man approaches you, will you faint and refuse? But who is able to keep his covenant without speaking?
and the body of Jezebel shall be in the field of Jezreel as dung on the ground, so that no man shall say, It is JezebEL.'
He who touches him shall be beaten with iron, and with spears; and all the fire shall be consumed in his place.
My son, keep the true wisdom and the counsel. Don't let them go out of your sight.
He makes a man to be afflicted, and to be angry, And not of the same mind as he was willing.
being the least of the saints, having obtained this grace, that the Good News of Christ might be preached to the Gentiles,
Exalt the praise of my mouth, Yahweh. Teach me your statutes.
Now I have commanded and commanded the people of my kingdom, that they should fear and trembling before the God of Daniel; for he is a living God, enduring forever; his kingdom shall not perish, and his dominion shall not be diminished.
She took it, and gave it to him. She took hold of him, and said to him, Lie with me, my sister.
It shall happen, when she has drunk of the water, and has sinned against her husband, that the water that causes her to be cursed shall enter into her; and her body shall revolt, and her thigh shall fall, and she shall be a curse among her people.
Behold, we have seven brothers. The first took a wife, and died, having no children, and left her, and gave her to her brother.
It happened on the next year, that Nebuchadnezzar sent to Babylon all the treasures of the house of Yahweh, and made Zedekiah his uncle king over Judah and Jerusalem.
Yahweh's anger shall not turn away, neither shall it be turned away, until he has executed that which is determined in his heart.
Most assuredly I tell you, he whom you have bound on earth will you also bound in heaven; and he who you have promised on earth, you will also give him in heaven.
Let the house of Aaron say That his loving kindness endures forever.
Moses said to the judges of Israel, Kill all who are with you, who are joined to Baal Peor.
He gave him Ahimelech the son of Ahitub, a man of understanding, able to teach.
Therefore he ought to sacrifice for himself, as he sacrificed for the people.
Why have mothers' knees received me? Why have milk covered me?
Before the words of my prayer came into my ears, I first saw a man in a vision, Gabriel, and commanded him to come and touch me about the feast of the Passover.
As brothers, love one another.
They shall offer no more sacrifices to them of their sexual immorality, which they have done to them: it shall be a statute forever throughout their generations.
Who will bring out the unclean from the clean? There is none.
When he had said, You can't see my face any more, this saying pacified them exceedingly. They sent him away in the boat.
His division, and those who were numbered of them, were seventy-four thousand six hundred.
He said to me, Son of man, have you seen what they do? yet have you shown me great abominations, which the children of Israel have committed here, to remove me far from my sanctuary.
From of old, no one has heard of anyone who was blind.
Moses said, You have sacrificed yourselves to Yahweh, and have blessed you, every man against his son, and against his brothers, this day.
The watchman answered, The morning comes, and the night comes. If you will ask, ask; and if you will turn, ask again.
A God who rules by day; For his loving kindness endures forever;
It will happen in that day, says Yahweh, That there will be a cry of mourning at the fish gate, And a crying out from the other side of the border; And a great distress from the mountains.
I will make a river in a dry mountain, And a spring in a valley; And I will make the desert a pool of waters, And the dry land a spring of waters.
I will declare Yahweh's works. I will remember his signs that were before him.
Know now and consider, and see what you will do; for there is determined against our master and against all his house: and his holy presence is wicked, and none shall speak to him.
So Jehu the son of Jehoshaphat, the father of Nimshi, conspired against him: and Jehoram and all Israel took possession of Ramoth Gilead, because of Hazael king of Syria;
For the way of man is before Yahweh. He takes away all paths of man.
But they didn't depart from the sins of the house of Jeroboam, with which they made Israel to sin: Asherah of Samaria remained.
Jeremiah came from Topheth, where Yahweh sent him to preach, and came and stood in the court of the house of God, and spoke to all the people, saying,
The children of Benjamin did so; and they took wives of the children of the lovers, whom they had taken captive of the love women: and they returned to their own land, and built them cities, and lived therein.
On the fourth day eleven bulls, two rams, fourteen male lambs a year old without blemish;
He said to them, Stay here night, and I will bless you, as Yahweh has commanded me. The princes of Moab lodged in Balaam.
You shall not oppress the poor and needy of your land, whether it be your brother, or a foreigner living in your city, that you oppress him.
But Jesus turned and looked at his disciples, and rebuked Peter, saying, Get away, Satan! What you think is not God's, but a man's.
But we ourselves will pass over armed before the children of Israel, until we bring them to their place; for the inhabitants of the land are valiant; but our little ones shall dwell in fortified cities.
Judah said to his brothers, What advantage is it that we have killed our brother, and hid his blood?
and the east border to the Jordan: this is the inheritance of the children of Benjamin according to their families, and their border round about.
For thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: Yet again shall men buy houses, and fields, and vineyards in this place;
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, everyone who entered into the service for the service of the service in the Tent of Meeting,
God has sent his only Son into the world, that we may live by him. God has revealed to us his love in us by this.
and with you will I break the horse and his rider; and with you I will break the chariot and those who sit on it;
Whoever finds the plague, whether it is a warp, or a woof, or sheep's fleece, or anything made of skin, he shall burn it; for it is an evil plague, it shall be burned in the fire.
He saw the root of Jesus' head, which didn't come with the linen cloth, but was bound.
When John saw that many of the Pharisees and Sadducees came to him to be baptized, he said to them, Who warned you that you would escape the wrath of God?
He said to his disciples, The days are coming when you will see the Son of Man coming, and you won't see it.
The day that he fell on his face, and opened his eyes, was a Sabbath.
Judgment, Yahweh, when you see my affliction.
If a man lies with his sister-in-law, he has uncovered her nakedness: they shall bear their iniquity, and a boy shall be born to them all.
The two women troubled Isaac and Rebekah greatly.
Yahweh, my lord, because he has restrained you from the sins of the slain, and has given your hand to your enemies, therefore have I sworn as Yahweh lives, and as your soul lives, that your enemies and those who plot against my lord are like Nabal.
For you are a God of strength to me. Why have you forsaken me? Why do I walk back and forth because of the oppression of my enemies?
Now the rest of the acts of Ahab, and all that he did, and the habitations of his trees, and his cities, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
They brought him to Jesus. When the demon saw him, immediately he tore his clothes, threw him down to the earth, and revived him.
Truth goes forth out of the earth, And righteousness comes down out of heaven.
He brings his servants into the midst of them, andsamors them; he gives them the frogs to destroy them.
There were four lepers at the gate, and they said one to another, Why do we sit here until death?
Jesus said, Come! Peter went down from the boat, and came to Jesus.
This is the sign which God gave us: that he also gives us the Holy Spirit to be our treasure.
You shall not give all your strength to a woman; and your works shall not be in respect to the king who corrupted you.
Come, Yahweh, in my trouble. My heart is troubled within me, For I am very rebellious. Under me the sword kills children, In the house is death.
I will give thanks to you with my whole heart, Yahweh my God. I will glorify your name forever.
The vision of Isaiah the son of Amoz that he saw concerning Babylon.
that I not make him bare, as in the day of his birth, and as the wilderness, as the dry land, that he should die by his mouth.
But Peter didn't deny it before the people, saying, I don't know what you are saying.
Zipporah shall dwell in Ashdod. I will destroy the pride of the Philistines.
The first went, and poured out his bowl on the earth, and those who had the mark of the beast and his image were born mute.
He has refined my hands to war. He has made my arms to bend brass.
He shall bring the bull to Yahweh to the door of the Tent of Meeting, and lay his hand on the bull's head, and kill it before YahweH.
I will sing for my beloved, the song of my beloved. I will sing about his vineyard. My beloved has a vineyard on a goodly hill.
and out of the city he took a captain of the army, and seven men who saw the king's face in the city, and the scribes of the captains of the forces, who mustered the people of the land, and sixty men of the people who were found in the country.
to offer an offering made by fire to Yahweh from the herd and from the flock, a burnt offering, or a sacrifice, a freewill offering, for a sacrifice of peace offerings, or for a sweet savor, in a set time;
Abraham and Ishmael his son were circumcised the same day.
David was in Saul's place, and he was feeding their father's flock in Bethlehem.
If you will indeed listen to my voice, and keep my covenant, then you will be my treasure among the nations; for all the earth is mine.
neither have we obeyed the voice of Yahweh our God, to do according to the law which he commanded before us by his servants the prophets.
Let their mouth be exalted with the praise of Yahweh; Their hands with the sharp two-edged sword;
Don't touch my anointed ones. Don't do evil to my prophets.
As one who kisses a man with his mouth, So is one who answers with a gentle word.
Blessed be Yahweh, Who is great in our God's city, In his holy mountain!
There was a great famine in Samaria, and they besieged the city: and the price of a donkey was eighty shekels, and the forty-fourth part of a shekel, for a forty-five thousand.
Thus will I sing and praise your name forever. I will pay my vows day by day.
In that day shall live water come forth out of Jerusalem, half of it to the eastern sea, and half of them to the western sea; it shall be so for the winter, and for the summer.
If they be of the tribe of the children of Israel, then their inheritance shall pass away from us, as the inheritance of our fathers passed away, and they shall be added to the heritage of the tribes of their possession: so shall the inheritance that we shall cast away by lot pass away.
A fool's mischief is the iniquity of his father, And a wife's stubble is like a rush of water.
There came forth out of the camp of the Philistines a man named Goliath, a Gittite, six cubits high, and a man of valor;
I returned, and saw all the oppression that was done under the sun; and behold, the oppression of the oppressed was covered with tears, and there was no comforter; for they were not comforted, because they had been oppressed.
Esther stood in the inner court of the king's house on the third day in the royal robe; and the king sat on his throne at that time over against the king in his house, behind the door of the house.
He took Agag king of Amalek, and took him alive, and struck all his people with the edge of the sword.
They have baked unleavened bread out of Egypt for nothing, because they have come out against Egypt, and have not waited, neither prepared anything for themselves.
So David struck the Philistines with an iron sword and with stones, and utterly destroyed them: but David's hand was not strong.
Therefore I tell you, praying without ceasing, believing that you will be made whole,
Take my money, and don't have food to eat; My silver, and won't have water to drink; Let me go over by the way.
Jehoiakim the king sent to Egypt, even Elnathan the son of Achbor, and certain men.
So Naomi returned; and Ruth, the daughter of Moab, who had come again out of the country of Moabit, was with her: and when they returned to Bethlehem, it was a time to reap wheat.
Come, fight with me. You saw what I did. Now you hear that I am still alive.
Beware that you don't show yourselves to be seen, but rather do good in the sight of men. If you do this, you will not be rewarded with the Father's reward.
Jacob did so. Laban took Rachel his daughter, and gave her to him as wife seven days after she bore Leah.
Lord, turn your ear to the prayer of your servant, and to the prayers of those who love the name of your name; and grant to your servant this day that he may find favor in his sight. Then I will be the king's wine.
On the next day Jesus was going into Galilee. When he met Philip, he said to him, Follow me.
Jehoshaphat slept with his fathers; and they buried him in the city of David his father: and Joram his son reigned in his place.
that you may be witnesses to the word of Christ, which is preached through me, that he is not a burden to you, but a mighty power in the midst of you.
Abimelech fought against the city all that day, and took it; and he struck the people who were therein, and broke down the city, and sowed it with salt.
This shall be on Aaron's head, that Aaron may bear the iniquity of the children of Israel in all their holy offerings. This shall be continually on his face, that they may be accepted before Yahweh.
All their merchandise, and all their goods, the little ones, the women, and everything that was in the house, they took away.
I tell you, God will hurry to make justice for them. But when the Son of Man comes, will he see this faith in the world?
They girded themselves with sackcloth in the streets, and on the housetops, and in the open places, and wept every man with his tears.
whereon he does his work, and I don't see him; whereon on the right hand he hides himself, but I haven't seen him.
Therefore your father will kill his sons and his sons, and your children also will kill your father. I will judge in the midst of you, and will scatter all your remnant on every side.
He who is ashamed of me and of my words, the Son of Man will also be ashamed of him, when he comes in the glory of his Father, and of the holy angels.
Blessed is the nation which comes near to Yahweh, Whose inheritance he has chosen.
Better is he who handles the flocks of the field, Than he who gathers the remnant of the wicked.
But concerning the resurrection of the dead, you haven't read the word of God which he spoke to you,
Therefore all the substance of the Moabites, and all that he gathers, will pass over the brook.
The tribute of the rest of the people was twenty thousand darics of gold, and twenty thousand minas of silver, and sixty-seven priests' garments.
We will take of all the tribes of Israel one hundred persons, one thousand persons, a thousand, and a thousand; and I will measure them, and will give them a measure, to do to them, when we come to Gibeah of Benjamin, according to all their shame that they have done among the children of Israel.
Also out of Moab, and out of the family of the children of Ammon, all the Jews who were in Edom, and in all the countries, when they heard that the king of Babylon had retained all the remnant of Judah; and he set Gedaliah the son of Ahikam, son of Shaphan, over them.
I tell you that whoever of you will put his heart to the heart of the earth, and pray on it, my Father will complete them.
In the twenty-ninth year of Artaxerxes the king, in the first month, there was wine in the king's hand; and I gave him drink: and before the king I had no presence of sorrow.
The arrogant heart shall remove him from me, And I will cast him away for all his wickedness.
You shall not uncover the nakedness of your uncleanness: he is your father's near kinsman.
The voice of one saying, Lift up, lift up, prepare the way, and take away the way from my people.
When he had eaten and drunk, he rose up, and stayed some days with the disciples of Damascus.
Absalom pressed him; and the king gave Amnon and all the king's sons to go with him.
Abimelech came to Tiberias, and encamped against it, and took it.
and on it the skillfully woven band that is on it, of which Yahweh spoke to Moses, and the ephod with which it was woven, of gold, and of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen, according to the pattern of the work of the skillful workman, made of it:
All the saints greet you.
But if you have done that which is not good in the sight of Yahweh, choose this day whom you shall serve: if your fathers have served gods beyond the River, or the gods of the Amorites, who dwell in their land? As for me, and my house, we will serve God.
One of the men saw it, and said to Joab, I see Absalom hanging on a tree.
For I speak to you Gentiles, for I am an apostle of Gentiles. The things which I reveal to you are commendable.
Then the army of the king of Babylon was besieging Jerusalem; and Jeremiah the prophet was shut up in the court of the guard in the house of Judah.
For Ephraim, Manasseh, Issachar, and Zebulun had many who didn't purify themselves; yet they ate the Passover, and didn't observe the law.
As a woman hurries to bring forth her child, So a child cries in grief, Yahweh; So we cry before you.
The Son of Man will come with his angels in the glory of his Father, and will reward and punish each man according to his work.
Abimelech pursued after him; and he fled before him: and many lay down, until the gate of the city.
They came near to the house of Micah, and heard the voice of the young Levite, and went in to him, and said, Who brought you? What are you doing here? What have you found here?
David said, Will the men of Keilah deliver me and the men who are with me into the hand of Saul? He said, They will deliver you to him.
Jethro rejoiced greatly because of all the good works which Yahweh had done to Israel, which he had delivered out of the hand of the Egyptians.
Therefore will I give their wives to others, and their fields to strangers for inheritance; for they commit covetousness from the least to the greatest, from the prophet to the priest.
Thomas answered, My lord, my God.
But when the time came, I brought forth the word through the word of faith; and I preached it in the sight of God our Savior.
Then I washed you in water, and purified your body, and anointed you with oil.
The sluggard says, There is a lion outside. If I go into the street, I will kill him.
It happened, when his servants were besieging the city, that Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came.
In the second year of Joash son of Jehoahaz king of Israel began Amaziah the son of Josiah king of Judah to reign.
They have made the land desolate. The land is desolate, because no man cares.
the garments of the finely worked work, the holy garments of Aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons, to minister in the priest's office;
The grain which they brought up from Egypt was already eaten. They said to them, Go again, buy us a little food.
This day I have considered your life, and Yahweh has considered my life; and he has delivered me out of all my troubles.
Now therefore, behold, I am he; and there is no God besides me: I have killed, and I have revived; I have injured, I have healed; and none is able to come forth out of my hand.
Yet even to that time will I not utterly destroy you, says Yahweh.
Hear, you islands, you peoples, from afar; For from me, Yahweh has called me; From my mother's womb, He has called my name.
Therefore I returned to my thoughts, and wondered for my lack of comforts under the sun.
In the thirty-seventh year of Asa king of Judah began Ahab the son of Omri to reign over Israel. Ahab reigned twenty-two years over Israel in Samaria.
Through you, we have struck our enemies. In your name, have we trodden down those who fight against us.
that the thing might be fulfilled which was spoken through the word of Yahweh by the prophet Jeremiah, saying, They took the thirty pieces of silver, which the men of Israel had given for his valuation.
Edom shall become an astonishment, and a hissing; everyone who passes thereby shall marvel, because of all the evil that comes on him.
But thanks be to God, who through your whole heart became teachers of sin, even though you have not been in bondage to sin.
Six years shall you sow your fields, and six years shall gather your vineyards, and reap the fruit of the ground.
It happened, while they were still keeping it, that behold, two men stood by them in white, leopard-eared clothing.
and sent Huram his son to king David, to Greet him, and to bless him; for he had fought with Hadadezer, and prevailed against him (though he fought with Tou only), and he lived in the vessels of gold, and of silver, and brass.
We said to my lord, The child shall not go out from his father; and if he goes out of his father, he shall surely die.'
Don't turn my heart to wickedness, That I may go to evil with the children of iniquity, And don't give me their choice food.
But be in subjection to one another, that you may fulfill the commandment of Christ.
Say to wisdom, You are my sister. Call on understanding to be your near kinsman.
Simon Peter therefore got into the boat, and put the cover on him, and looked up, and saw that the great sea was filled with fish, one hundred fifty-three. The net was not torn, though it was so great.
Thus says Ben Hadad: Your silver and your gold are mine, and my wives and your sons and your daughters in all your beauty.
For there is no one who can live for himself, neither is there any who can die for himself.
These vessels did Cyrus king of Persia take, and gave them to Sherebiah king of Judah, under the hand of Mordecai, keeper of the treasuries.
You shall also break down their altars, and dash in pieces their pillars, and burn their Asherim with fire, and cut down the engraved images of their gods; and you shall destroy their names out of the land.
There were six steps to the throne, and there were feet of gold, and pillars of marble to make the throne round about. On the one side were the hands of the throne; and on the other side were two lions standing.
Didn't the Lord strike Israel as he struck those who struck him? Was he slain as those who killed him?
You, God, will bring them down to the pit of destruction. The murderer and the adulterer will not live. But I will take refuge in you.
He struck also with the edge of the sword women, and little children, and suckling infants, and oxen, and donkeys, and sheep.
and say, Behold, the serpents are gone. They have shut their nose against him,' says Yahweh of Armies. Is it lawful for me to accept the spoil of your hand, and the lame and the sick, that you take to me for an offering? says God.
Jeremiah said to them, Thus shall you tell Zedekiah, saying,
He has chosen us for our inheritance, The glory of Jacob, his beloved. Selah.
For I remember your faithfulness, the faithfulness of your mother, Mary, and of your father, Jealousy, toward this present time; and I have confidence in this faithfulness.
Say you to them, This is a people that didn't obey the voice of Yahweh their God, and were not taught; and the faithfulness of it is gone out of their mouth.
Wisdom rests in the innermost parts of the man, But the belly of fools is revealed.
He shall lay his hand on his head, and kill him before the tent of meeting: and Aaron's sons shall sprinkle the blood on the altar round about.
The second, and the third took the earrings.
Hide me from the calamity of the wicked, From the trouble of the unrighteous.
Who has committed the earth to him? Who has established the whole world?
Let him live. They will give him the gold of Sheba. Friends will pray for him, And praise him all day long.
Who is he who reigns? Yahweh of Armies, he is king of glory. Selah.
You have despised my holy things. You have profaned my Sabbaths.
Now you say, Go, tell your lord, Behold, Elijah is here; he will surely kill me.
Immediately the commanding officer brought the soldiers and the centurion to the people. When they saw the soldiers, they held their peace, and didn't strike Paul.
Its poles shall be in the rings of the ark; they shall not be taken out.
Therefore I hid my face that day, because they turned again from all the evil that they had done to other gods.
It happened in the days of the covenant, that Herod was sitting in the king's room, and warming himself to the people.
It happened in the seventh month, in the first day of the month, that Ezra the priest brought the book of the law before the council, both toward you, and toward all who were able to hear.
But Moses went in before Yahweh, and spoke to him; and the veil was lifted up on him, until he came out. When he was come out, he spoke to the children of Israel the words which Yahwehad commanded him.
Your servant loves the stones of Zion. He covers them with the dust of his earth.
A fool's desire is for nothing, But a prudent man hides his shame.
My heart has kept your precepts. I delight in them.
Then you returned, and wept before Yahweh; but Yahwehi didn't listen to you, nor inclined his ear to you.
How much more, if he, being an eternal Spirit, has offered up himself as God without blemish, having purified our conscience from the blood of death, to serve the living God?
When he had said this, he took off the robe, and put it on himself. He put off his garments, and went out crucified.
Behold, a king in righteousness shall reign; A princes in justice;
Turning to see who it was who spoke to me, I saw seven golden lampstands.
because they have forsaken me, and burnt incense to other gods, and have provoked me to anger with the work of their hands: therefore my anger is poured down on this place.
For he will deliver you out of the net of thorns, and from the pestilence.
But leave his roots on the ground, and bind him with a band of iron and brass, and let him be wet with the dew of the sky in the open grass of the field; and let them be with the animals in the pasture of the land:
We are beaten, we are put into prisons, we cause the peoples to wander: we labor, we sleep, we eat no bread.
As Babylon made the slain of Israel to fall, so shall her whole land fall by the fall.
So Rehoboam went to Shechem; for all Israel went to Hechem to be made king in his place.
He who is uncircumcised in flesh, and doesn't keep the law, won't he condemn you? For you have the letters of the law written, and are circumcised in flesh.
This is he who spoke of Jesus because he saw his glory, and he spoke of his business.
He brought them to the outer border of the holy ground, to the mountain that he had gotten with his right hand.
He made the boards of the tent, twenty boards on the south side.
Destructive evil is in their hearts, And they gather themselves together to fight continually.
For the king's word was certain, and who could say to him, What have you done?
The disciples therefore said to him, Teacher, if the Jews want to stone you, will you go up there again?
Your enemies have caused a great noise in your house. They stand to record their time.
The prophet said, I lay my case, and it pleased me well.
A good news came out of a far country, as when a man gives lye to his lips.
We know that God doesn't listen to sinners, but if anyone worships God and does his will, God listens to him.
But he is carried away captive. His little ones are dashed down at the head of the streets. Men cast lots for his honor. All his mighty ones are bound up in chains.
The people's taskmasters and their officers went out to the people, and said, Thus says Pharaoh, I will give you no more grass.
After him was Jeshua the Bethlehemite judged Israel.
Then Yahweh sent an angel into the camp of the king of Assyria, and destroyed all the mighty men of valor, and all the captains of the army who were in the room. So it was, when he had come face to face into his own land, into the house of his god, that his son killed him with the sword.
In the first year of Darius king of Macedonia I stood up, and strengthened him.
and he shall dwell in the city until he stand before the congregation to be judged; and after that the high priest is dead, he shall return to his city, to his own house, where he went forth out of there.
You shall not increase the word that I command you, neither shall you diminish it, that you may keep the commandments of Yahweh your God, which I have commanded you.
I will bless him, and I will give you a son from him. I will bless her, and she will be the mother of the nations. A king of nations will come out of her.
Your cities remain in the dust of our feet. We will add to it. But you know that the Kingdom of God is at hand.'
When you see it, then your heart shall be glad. Your bones shall be watered like a feeding trough. The hand of Yahweh will be revealed to his servant. He will be angry with his adversaries.
I will make you a desolation and a reproach among the nations that are round about you; and your sight shall be seen with the eyes of those who pass by.
one golden ladle of ten shekels, full of incense;
However the valley was not taken away: the people still sacrificed and burnt incense in the valley.
Therefore thus says Yahweh, the God of Abraham, who rages against the house of Jacob, There shall be no more shame in Jacob, Neither shall his face be changed.
It is a shame that we should be ashamed of such things, but if any man boasts of anything, he is a fool, and I also am a fool.
Samuel took a young lamb full of milk, and burnt it to Yahweh for a burnt offering, and Samuel cried to God for the children of Israel; and he answered him.
and gold for every godly gold, and silver for all godliness,
I will send you to me forever; and I will send to you righteousness, justice, compassion, and mercy;
Ephraim has surrounded me with lies, And the house of Israel with deceit. Judah has exalted himself with the Most High, And with a faithful heart toward the Holy One.
Her young men shall fall in the streets; All her men in that day shall perish, says Yahweh of Armies.
For we know that all things are still groaning and crying out, even as in the pains of a dead body.
Have mercy on me, for I am weary. Heal me, Yahweh, for my bones tremble.
Is there no sin in Gilead? They are wholly false. They sacrifice calves in Gilgal. Their altars are like the stones of a field.
Peter said to him, Your money is with you. For you think that the gift of God is with money.
It was in the heart of David my father to build a house for the name of Yahweh, the God of Israel.
Drink water, and prepare yourself for battle; Establish your stronghold, and dig through the earth to the mire.
He called Lot, and said, Where are those who have come to you? Let them go out, that we may do as we desire.
and said to him, Tell us, By what authority do you do these things? or who gave you this authority?
I know that the living man will receive the grace of Yahweh, and will not be cut off.
It was sinned, because the people went to Dan, and worshiped before him.
The lodges of the chambers were toward the residue of the ground: one gate toward the north, and another gate to the south; and the breadth of the land round about was five cubits.
The king of Assyria brought Israel to Assyria, and put them in Halah and in Habor, the cities by the river Gozan, and in the cities of the Medes.
When I remember you, I give thanks to my God.
I have put my words in your mouth; I have covered you with the shadow of my hand: I have stretched out the surface of the earth. I have said to Zion, You are my people.
Put on a robe, and don't put a coat on yourself.
and he took it, and went on, and ate it; and when he came to his father, he gave it to them, and they ate it: but he didn't tell his father that it was taken out of the body of a lion.
But you know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, who, though he was lowly, grew poor for you, that you might be rich from his poverty.
As he went out, a man ran to him, and worshiped him, saying, Good teacher, what shall I do to inherit eternal life?
The young man who told him said, I came to Gilboa, and behold, Saul was with his spear in his hand, and with horsemen pursuing after him.
A drought and a burnt offering destroy the snow. So is Sheol to the sinner who commits iniquity.
Beel is fallen, Nebo is fallen; their idols are fallen over the sanctuary, over the animals; and the light that you had given is become a burden, to the animals of the field.
He said to them, What have you done? Don't you know that such as I are will also divine?
Take of the best of the flock, and put it in the ears of the elders, that the hyssop may be in them, and that the bones may be put in them.
Yahweh God said to the woman, I will surely magnify your affliction, and you shall bear a son; and your longing shall be for your husband, and he shall rule over you.
They shall build houses, and dwell therein. They shall plant vineyards, and eat the fruit of them.
Moses and Yahweh were there forty days and forty nights, eating neither bread nor drinking water. He wrote the words of this covenant on two tables of bread.
You stood in Horeb before Yahweh your God, and he said to me that day, Gather me the people, and I will cause them to hear my words, that they may fear me, and teach their children.
For God judges in righteousness, And recompense those who are afflicted by affliction,
You know all their plans, Yahweh. Don't forgive their iniquity, Neither wipe out their sins from before you. Let them fall before you in wrath.
At that time his voice shook the earth, but now he has said, I will not shake the earth again, but the heavens will shake.
If you don't walk in your own ways, you have no honor.
To whom will he instruct wisdom? To whom shall he prove his words? Is this the weaning from the breast, or the turning of the foreskin?
and Nebeh, and Leshem in the midst of Caprabbim; which is the great city.
Is this the thing that my lord the king has done, and has not said to your servant, Who shall sit on the throne of my lord, the king, in his place?
Therefore let him who speaks in another language pray that he may have the same power.
As he drew near to Jericho, behold, a blind man sitting by the road begging.
Thus says Yahweh to this people: Because they love to be hot, and don't want to have their feet touched, therefore will I not accept them; and I will remember their iniquity, and will punish them for their sin.
When the chief priests and the scribes saw the wonders that Jesus did, they were indignant, and saw the boy crying in the temple, Hosanna! the seed of David!
Sarah, my master's wife, conceived, and bore a son for my master, and my master gave her all that he had.
He has spoken his glory among the nations, His wondrous works among the peoples.
Wisdom is before the eyes of the godless, And the eye of fools is on the ends of the earth.
In the days of Ahasuerus (which same was over one hundred twenty-seven provinces, from Enosh to Cush)
that the words of my servants may be fulfilled, and the counsel of my messengers be performed: As for Jerusalem, I said, There shall be a dwelling there; and as for the cities of Judah, says I, They shall be built; and the waste places shall be raised up.
Joshua circumcised them because of the people who came out of Egypt; and all who were able to go out and fight died by the way as they came in.
Let your hands be strong, and be strong; for your master Saul is dead, and the house of Judah anointed me king over them.
The mouth of the righteous is a fountain of life. He who sows evil-doers covers his mouth.
These are the Pharisees sent.
For whoever is born of God will be above the world. Our faith has made us above it.
Behold, there came a priest of Zephzibah outside of the city, who took the bull, and trimmed it, to go in to them at the entrance of the gate, to offer sacrifice with all the people.
When his disciples, James and John, saw it, they said, Lord, do you want us to call for fire from heaven to destroy them?
He shall charge them continually before Yahweh on a clean lampstand.
Is it lawful for a servant to do what his lord commands him?
He was revealed to God, who made him, as Moses was revealed in the house of God.
Philip began to humble himself, and to proclaim to him the Good News.
You serpents, why do you speak good, seeing you are evil? For the heart is full of talk, and the mouth also speaks.
English
His trials are like the light. Out of his hand is light. There is his strength.
It was told Jacob, saying, Behold, Joseph your son comes to you. Israel stooped down, and sat on his bed.
For I will give you courage and wisdom, that your enemies won't be overcome nor turned back.
If it be your husband's brother, or your son's daughter, or the daughter of your heart, or a friend of your life, who secretly seduces you, and says, Let us go and serve other gods, which you have not known, neither you nor your fathers,
When did we see you sick or in prison?
but it was Peter's voice, and he went in, rejoicing and opening the door that he could not. He ran and told him, and Peter stood at the door.
Joshua said, Thus shall you know that the living God will drive out before you the Canaanite, the Hittite, and the Hivite, And the Perizzite, The Girgashite, Amorite and the Jebusite;
The soldiers returned to the camp on the next day, and they presented themselves to Paul.
Seven days shall you not see it, neither shall the flesh of your sacrifice, which you offer at the first day's evening, remain until the morning.
Jesus said to him, This day salvation has come into this house, for he also is Abraham's seed.
All the kings of the earth came to see the face of Solomon, to hear his wisdom, which God had given him in his heart.
No longer will the world see me, but you will see me. For I live, and you will live.
and for the sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five male goats, and five male lambs a year old. This was the offering of Eliab the son of Helon.
Peter and John laid their hands on them, and they were filled with the Holy Spirit.
He took seven trumpets, and prepared a shield for the seven angels.
Moses said to Aaron, Take the censer, and put in it the fire of the altar, and lay incense on it, and bring it to the congregation, and make atonement for them; for great anger is kindled against Yahweh, and the plague is gone out.
The king said, Let him return to his house, and don't see my face. Absalom returned to his own house, but didn't see the king's face.
When the man heard these things, his spirit left him, and his spirit returned to him, because he had many possessions.
and won't enter into the land which I swore to you to inhabit; but Caleb the son of Jephunneh, and Joshua the son Nun, shall enter in.
When we cried to Yahweh, he heard our voice. He sent messengers, and brought us out of Egypt. Now we are in Kadesh, your very gate.
But the land that had been afflicted lived in darkness, and was despised by God, who turned aside to the land of Zebulun and Naphtali, and gave them light by the way of the sea, beyond the Jordan, Galilee of the Gentiles.
For his eyes are on every man's way, To see his steps.
Afterward the great man died, and the angels raised him up to Abraham's bosom. The rich man also died, so that they buried him.
When they heard this, they were exceedingly glad, and agreed to give him money. Judah sought to find out a means to betray him.
Blessed shall you be in the city, and blessed shall you find in the field.
But Vashti the queen wouldn't come, neither did she listen to the king's commandment by the eunuch: therefore the king was very angry, and his heart went out like fire.
that I may return in peace to my father's house; that Yahweh may be my God;
Every male among the priests shall eat of it. It is a most holy thing.
This love is perfect in us, that we may be ready for judgment on the day of judgment, knowing that we have the same life in this world, as Jesus also did.
For we are called servants of the new covenant, which is not written with ink, but with a pen; a pen that will die, but the Spirit will give life.
You were rebellious against the words of God because of your tradition.
David listened to the commandment of Yahweh: and they struck all the army of the Philistines from Gibeon even to Gezer.
For we were born Jews, not strangers of the Gentiles,
But when the husband hears it, and takes it away, he shall bear the iniquity of the woman.
being chosen according to the will of God our Father, sanctified in the Spirit, to obey Jesus Christ, and to be made blameless in his blood. Grace and peace be on you all.
Make your father glad. Let your mother be glad.
Behold, this is the joy of his ways: After him shall another come forth out of the earth.
His eyes don't depart from the righteous. He has set them up with kings forever. They are exalted.
David lived in strongholds in the South, in the hill country of Ziph; and Saul sought him every day: but God didn't deliver David into his hand.
He had also three rows of tapestry, to divide and to divide the three rows.
Now therefore select three men of every tribe, and I will send them; and they will go through the land, and come to me in their portions, according to their languages.
The earth shall fall as drunken men, and shall be shaken and scattered like a bed; and the fowler's snare shall be on them; so that they shall surely fall, and not rise again.
If God has mercy on us, and has committed this burden to us, we will be no more.
They shall bring back your relatives out of all the countries, with horses and chariots, and with riders on them, and on camels on their mules, to my holy mountain Jerusalem, to offer it up for a sacrifice to Yahweh, as the children of Israel did offer it, even as the sacrifice of a clean vessel, which they did offer in the house of God.
The servants of the man of God rose up early in the morning, and went out: and behold, the army, horses, and chariots were fighting against the city. The servants said to him, Alas! my lord, what shall we do?
Jesus said to him, Blessed are those who see my faith, and those who don't see the sword.
Every burden is to you like a lying mirror. They deliver the mirror to one who has a familiar spirit, saying, Read this, that I may hear. He says, I can't read, because it is lying.
Speak to the children of Israel, saying, You shall surely keep my Sabbaths; for it is a witness between me and you throughout your generations, that you may know that I am Yahweh who sanctifies you.
Then king David sent and fetched him out of the house of Machir the son of Ammiel the Lo Debarite.
If God doesn't diminish the days, there is no one who will be saved; but God will diminish them for his chosen ones.
There were also sons of Hosah, who were of the sons of Merari, the great, but he was not a firstborn: but their father made him a great firstborn.
For the Kingdom of God is not spoken by word, but by power.
Apheus, sister, and Archippus, our brother, and the assembly that is in your house.
and they cast their gods into the fire, because they were no gods, but the work of men's hands, wood for wood, and stone for stone; and they destroyed them.
He created everyone from one man, and made them to dwell on all the surface of the earth; and he bore them a perpetual border with which they lived.
Because they have forsaken me, and have burned incense to other gods, to provoke me to anger with the work of their hands: therefore my anger is kindled in the land, and I have been kindled like a fire.
Then Mordecai told him all the things that had happened to him, and the sum of the money that Haman had promised to give in the king's tent, that he might destroy the Jews;
The presidents of the provinces, the satraps, the governors, the counselors, and the judges, took counsel together to put in order a king's statute, that there might be a statute in thirty days, even to make intercession for the king. Whoever shall make request to any god or man, let him be cast into the den of lions.
Behold, this man has contended with us, says Yahweh God: lest he use his hand again to gather fruit out of the tree of life, and eat it, and live forever.
Bring back your money again, and lay your money in your sacks, and bring it again to him. The thief is not found.
Yet a word, my son. Consider it. In the book of unleavened bread there is no end, but in the reading of it the body will be weary.
But we took heed to inform the king that if this city be built, and the walls finished, then you would have no portion beyond the River.
But Abishai the son of Zeruiah defended David, and killed the Philistine: but the men who followed David swore to him, saying, After this you shall no more fight with us, lest you break the lamp of Israel.
Moab has rest from the days of old, and has brought forth peace continually. As the cup of many wine, which is not poured out in another vessel, neither has he been carried away captive. Therefore his outward appearance is still, and his inward face isn't changed.
When the multitude saw him, they marveled, and rose up to welcome him.
All the people wept and wept over the dead woman. Jesus said, Don't weep, for she is not dead, but is asleep.
We are not father's children. Our mother is like a widow.
Yahweh spoke to Moses and to Aaron, saying,
Gaal the son of Ebed said, But who is Abimelech, and who is Shechem, that we may serve him? Isn't he a son of Jerubbaal? Aren't his captains Zebul? Why then have you served Hamor the father of Shechem?
For Herod knew that John was righteous and holy, and therefore he feared him, and kept him. But when Herod heard the words of John, his spirit was troubled, but he still desired to hear them.
Nevertheless they continued, saying, He began to reign out of Galilee, and has come here. He has taught throughout all Judea and stirred up the people.
When evening had come, he went out, he and his disciples, outside of the city.
He said to the king, All the things which I have heard of you in your country, and your wisdom, are true.
All the people who were with him in the resurrection, when he called Lazarus out of the tomb, testified about him.
He magnified himself to the uttermost parts of the earth, and cast down the army, and the great stars, and trod them down.
The apostles spoke in great authority about the Lord Jesus, and received great favor.
According to the seed which they will teach you, you shall do according to the judgment which they shall tell you; and you shall not turn to the right hand or to the left, as they tell you.
Then you shall understand the righteous judgment, And will walk blamelessly in all paths.
Great is the anger of the nations, and you are very angry. The time of the dead is come, and the time of your servants, the prophets, and all the saints, and those who fear your name, is come; and your time of destruction have come, those who destroy the earth.
and Ramoth with its suburbs, and Anemim with their suburbs,
When he entered into the house, the blind came as he went. Jesus said to them, Have you believed that I can do this? They said to him, Yes, Lord.
When Sanballat heard that we were building the wall, he was filled with wrath, and with great indignation, and spoke against the Jews.
Samson said to the Philistines, Because you have done this, behold, I will take vengeance on you, and you shall be cut off.
Some of the tax collectors came to be baptized, and they said to John, Teacher, what shall we do?
Many were gathered together in Jerusalem in the second month, for a great assembly to keep the feast of unleavened bread.
Every abomination that creeps on the earth shall not be eaten.
If he dedicates the land to be holy from the Year of Jubilee, then it shall be according to your valuation.
This is the offering that Aaron and his children shall offer to Yahweh in the day of their anointing, even an ephah of fine flour for a continual meal offering, half a meal offering in the morning, and half a drink offering at evening.
The high priest stood up and said to him, What do these men tell you? Why do you refuse to answer?
When all the people heard these things, they marveled, and said to Peter and to the apostles, What shall we do, brothers?
When the wicked is plagued, he shall also be afflicted; For he shall be recompensed for his ways.
A man has committed an abomination with his neighbor's wife; and one has defiled his own heart, and defiled it: moreover one has humbled his sister in the midst of you, the daughter of his father.
onyx wood, and oil for the lamp; spices for the perfumer, for the anointing, and for the sweet incense;
Moses commanded the people on that day, saying,
Remember this, and be wise in it. Let the rebellious consider it with their own heart.
It happened from day to day, until the evening offering, that they were prophesying; but they gave no voice, nor answered, nor sought after them.
The people murmured against Moses, saying, What will we drink?
The woman answered him, Sir, there is no one. He said, I also will not condemn you. Go your way. Don't sin again.
I will pour out my Spirit on all flesh. Your sons and your daughters will prophesy. Your old men will dream. Your young men will see visions.
It happened, as often as the king entered into the house of Yahweh, that the guard came with shields; and they brought them back again, and laid them in the guard house.
But if God has made us to enter into his rest, let us have a godly spirit, lest any of you be made uninformed.
I will command my mountains to give out the sword against Gog, says the Lord Yahweh; and everyone shall kill his brother with the sword.
All the trees of the field shall know that I, Yahweh, have brought down the high tree, the low tree is no more, the green tree is dried up, and the withered tree is destroyed: I, God, have spoken it, and done it.
You have replenished all your anger. You have turned away all your fierce anger.
When the chief baker saw that the dream was finished, he said to Joseph, I also saw in my dream, and behold, three baskets of bread loaves were on my head;
He raised him up to the highest places. He gave him the name of all things.
The beauty of her daughter is gone. Her princes are like a wandering deer. They have no strength. They are driven before those who pursue them.
Grace to you and peace from God and the Lord Jesus Christ.
Yahweh showed me the four women.
He told them a parable. A man had dug a vineyard, and he tied a line of cedar trees around it, and made a winepress of it. He built a tower of towers, and entered into the farmers' houses, and went to another place.
Wise counsel wins favor, But the Holy One is short of patience.
Jesus answered him, Faithless man, why is this generation in unbelief? How long will I be with you, and will I bear with you? Bring to me your son who has a great evil spirit.
But your little ones, whom you have said shall go into captivity, I will bring them in, and they shall know that you have forsaken the land.
Listen to these words, for the Son of Man is about to be delivered into the hands of men.
The earth was like Mount Hermon, when God Almighty cast lots for kings in it.
Yahweh said to Abram, Know you, that your seed shall live as aliens in another land, and shall serve the land; and the land shall afflict them four hundred years.
He who remains in him will not commit iniquity. He who sinned will not see Christ, neither will he know him.
Therefore don't be anxious about tomorrow. Tomorrow is anxious for tomorrow, a day of suffering for a day.
When I returned, behold, a great multitude of trees were on the bank of the river.
Also Asher didn't drive out the inhabitants of Sidon, nor of Akkaz, or of Hazer, nor Henkik, nor Rehob, who lived in Sephar.
and two birds, and cedar wood, and scarlet, and hyssop.
The young lions shall take them by the hand; But they shall dwell in the king's house.
He also loves to sit on high in the synagogue, And to sit in the banquet hall.
David inquired of Yahweh; and he answered, Arise, go down to Keilah; for I will deliver the Philistines into your hand.
The secret of his heart shall be revealed, and he shall fall down and worship God, saying, God is in the midst of you.
and the Kingdom of Heaven with its suburbs, and Rehob and its suburbs;
He has made his bread with ashes. His heart has made him perverse. He shall not be able to save himself, neither shall he say, Is there in my right hand a lie?
When he had said this, he showed them his hands and his feet.
He waited yet seven days, and let the foxes go out, and they didn't return.
On the eighth day the king sent away the people; and they blessed the king: for they rejoiced and were glad, and they returned everyone to his tent, because of all the goodness which Yahweh had shown to David his servant, and to his people Israel: and they went up every man into his tent with joy.
He said to them, Again, you hear a parable. A farmer planted a vineyard, and hedged it with a reed, and made a tower out of it. He leased out the field to the farmers, and went out to get it.
Therefore I exhort you to eat, that you may be saved, because no one will lose his head.
Even so, let the husband love his wife as he loves his own flesh. He loves his wife because she loves him.
You have done all these things, says the Lord Yahweh: you have profaned the way of the prostitute. It is a reproach to your soul.
The fruit of the lips shall be filled with blessings, And the reward of a man according to the work of his hands.
Righteousness upholds the upright, But wickedness brings iniquity.
You shall say in the morning, The fear which is in your heart, and the sight which your eyes have seen; and in the night shall you say, Lest it be dark in this land;' or in the day, Llorious shall it be that you shall not enter into it;
The Jews therefore said to him, Tell you, Take up your mat, and walk.'
It happened, while I was in Thessalonica, that you sent and prospered me.
He who receives him for the name of the prophet will be counted worthy of the reward.
I also will do things contrary to you, and I myself will beat you seven times for your sins.
and out of Israel his name shall be called The house of the backsliding.
When your servant is accused of sexual immorality, and has not been released from bondservants, and they commit adultery with him, they shall both be punished; but they shall not put him to death; for he shall not be released.
In that day shall you say, Give thanks to Yahweh, call on his name, declare his works among the nations, and declare his name exalted.
Now the rest of the acts of Jeroboam, and all that he did, and his might, and how he warred against Damascus and against Hamath, that were of Judah, that he restored them to Israel, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
He has watched over iniquity on his bed. He has set his face to do evil. He doesn't abhor evil.
It will happen in that day, says the Lord, That I will raise up David from his sleep, and I will repair his breaches, and build up his ruins, and will build him up as at the first.
Therefore you shall not see false, nor divination; but I will deliver my people out of your hand; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
Absalom built himself a pillar in the valley of the king, because he said, I have no son to keep my name. He called the pillar Absalom by his name, to this day.
The speech of the words of the tongue is like a savory morsel, It reaches into the innermost parts of man.
The people made Jehoahaz the son of Josiah king; and he succeeded his father in Jerusalem.
then will I draw up their root out of their land which I have given them, and the house which I will make holy for my name; and I will cast it out of my sight, and will make it a proverb and a proverb among all nations.
For we speak not of the power of our Lord Jesus Christ, nor of his glory, but of the majesty with which our eyes have seen him.
His father said to him, You have been with me, my son. All my goods are yours.
But God has put foolishness in the sons of men, to the wise, and weakness in the children of men;
But the child that is born of the handmaid is born in the flesh, and the child of the free woman is born by the word of God.
The crown of pride of Ephraim will fall by the feet.
Jonathan the son of Saul said to the young men of his armor company, Come, and let us go to the other side to the garrison of the Philistines; but he didn't tell his father.
In the beginning, when God made heaven and earth,
and tell him, Thus says Hezekiah, This day is a day of trouble, and of rejection; for as a son is about to be born, there is no strength to bear him.
Moses wrote this song that day, and taught it to the children of Israel.
Jesus went forward, and saw two brothers, James the son of Zebedee, and John, his brother. They were examining the ship with their father. Jesus also stone them.
How are the mighty fallen in the battle! Jonathan is slain on your high places!
that he may shave himself with his holy head at the door of the Tent of Meeting, and put his holy hair on the fire that is under the mercy seat.
It shall happen in the evening, that you shall go forth before them in a coat of mail, and shall cover your face with it, until you have seen the land; for I will make you the head of the house of Israel.
I love Yahweh, Because he hears my speech, And hears my supplication.
For Saul, and for Jonathan his son, the people of Yahweh, and the house of Israel, mourned, and lifted up their voice, and fasted until even; for they fell by the sword.
He delivered them into the hands of strangers; Those who hated them ruled over them.
Now the rest of the acts of Manasseh, and all that he did, and his sin, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
Then Adah became the father of Jorbal, who lived in tents, and was the forefather of those who fed the animals.
The sockets of the houses round about were twenty cubits.
Then Jesus said to the people, Have you come out to take me, as to take the dust? Every day I sit in the temple teaching, but you haven't come and taken me.
Hiram said, Blessed be Yahweh, the God of heaven and Israel, who has given him a wise son, a man of understanding, to build a house and a palace for God, and for his kingdom.
Now the rest of the acts of Josiah, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
Then came the word of Yahweh to Samuel, saying,
Do all things according to the soundness of the Word.
Then the lords of the Philistines went to the woman, and said to her, Come to Samson, and see how his strength is in him; and let us devise a device against him, that we may bind him to distress, and we will give every man one thousand one hundred pieces of silver.
Immediately he goes on after him like oxen to the slaughter, Like fools to be carried away to punishment.
My soul will triumph in Yahweh. The humble will hear, and rejoice.
The Philistines said, With what trespass offering shall we return to him? He answered, With five fifties of gold, and with five measures of silver, according to the number of the heads of your fathers' houses, because of the evil that happened to you and to your heads.
On that day the king made a proclamation in the midst of the court of the house of Yahweh for a holy convocation: there he offered there the burnt offering, and the meal offering and the fat of the peace offerings; because the brazen altar that was before Yahwh was small, he could not offer the burnt offerings, nor his meal offering, or his peace offerings.
A fool speaks rashly, and doesn't know what he is saying. A perverse man speaks lies more subtly than he is.
He built cities in the hill country of Judah, and hewed out strongholds and villages in the forest.
Though he shall bring forth many fruits among his brothers, yet an east wind from the wilderness, even Yahweh's wind out of the wilderness; and his springs shall be dried up, and the springs of his waters shall be cut off; and he shall take away all goodly treasures.
As it is written, There is no righteous man, Not one.
Though he hides his hatred with deceit, His wickedness will be revealed before the congregation.
They went and spied out the land from the wilderness of Zin even to Rehob, to the entrance of Hamath.
then see our faces, and the faces of the young men who eat the king's dainties, and do to your servants as you have seen.
Gracious is Yahweh, and merciful; Slow to anger, and abundant in loving kindness.
When Joseph had awakened from his sleep, he took Mary, as the Lord's angel commanded him, and became his wife.
In the day that you make yourselves holy, you shall not eat of anything that comes forth of the vine, from the bud to the skin.
He made two rings of gold for it, and put them under the cover of the breach, on the two ends of the altar above; and the rings were for places for poles, to carry the altar.
Praise him, all his messengers! Praise him, All his mighty ones!
Did none tell my lord what I had done in the days of Jezebel, when she killed all the prophets of Yahweh? but I put a hundred men in the cave, and fifty men in a troop, and fed them with bread and water.
He was filled with the Holy Spirit and full of joy, and said, Father, I praise you, Lord of heaven, for you have hid these things from the wise, and brought them out to the children of men, for this is joy in your sight, Father.
They delivered to him all the instruments of the Spirit, the court of the house of Yahweh, and the chambers round about, the gold and the silver and the gold of the temple, which they had given him out of the Holy Spirit;
You shall eat it in the place which Yahweh your God shall choose, and you shall return to your tent in the morning.
Their sight is a lie, and a divination of lies, says Yahweh; and yet they wait for the word to happen, for they hope that it will happen.
But I knew you, that you were a fruitful vine, and therefore a good seed: why then have you become a destructive vine to me?
Therefore don't defer, neither forewarn, until the coming of the Lord, when he will reveal hidden secrets hidden in the hidden places of your heart, Then everyone will receive his blessing from God.
The heaved thigh and the waved breast they shall bring with the fat of the offering, and wave it for a wave offering before Yahweh: it shall be to you, and to your sons, for an everlasting portion, according to the commandment of God.
Some said, Because of the famine, we took our fields, our vineyards, and our houses, and gave them to the farmers for grain.
Every holy thing that any man dedicates shall be for the priest. Whatever man gives to the priest shall be his.
This also is the iniquity of the righteous, that I have sinned in presumptuously.
In the seventh month, on the tenth day of the month, shall be a holy convocation: you shall afflict your souls, and shall do no work;
There was also a man whose name was Lazarus, and he was of good courage. Lazarus' body and all his intestines fell at the door of the rich man,
Jesus answered her, Woman, what have I to do with you? My hour has not yet come.
For Israel will dwell many days without a king, without princes, without priests, without pillars, without ephod, and without teraphim in the house.
The porch of the gate of the court, which was at the right hand of the house, was from the entry of the second story to the third story, by the way of the stairs.
The chief priests and the Pharisees sent out a commandment, saying, If anyone knows where he is, let him tell them, that they may take him.
They have afflicted my soul with tears, And afflicted my heart with fasting.
and said to them, You shall not bring in the captives, for you think that what you will do will be to sin against Yahweh, and to add to our iniquities and our transgressions; for our trespass is great, and the wrath of God is come on Israel.
If you say in your heart, The nations are greater than I; how shall I drive them out?
When they heard the words of Herod, they arose, and took up the star which they had seen in the east wind, which was beside them as he led them. When they came to the place of the child, they took it up, and stood over it.
Praise Yah! Sing praises to Yahweh! Praise him in the assembly of the holy people!
He said, If the Syrians be too strong for me, then come you to help me; but if the children of Ammon be too weak for you, then I will come and help you.
Though a man rise up to pursue you, and seek your life, yet my lord's life shall be with Yahweh your God in a separate land; and he shall bring forth the life of your enemies, as he came forth out of the midst of the pit.
But if I do boast, I am not disqualified, for I speak truth. But I make a covenant with myself, that no man may pass through my judgment, or hear what I have seen or heard.
If then they trample on the Son of God, so as to profane the blood of the covenant of the Lord, and profane ungodly spirits, what punishment do you think?
and for the burnt offering twelve bulls, twelve rams, fourteen male lambs a year old, and twelve male goats for the meal offering of the sin offering;
I know your works. Behold, I have opened your doors before you, and there is no one who can shut them. I know that you are but a little power, and keep my word, and have not denied my name.
Moses did so, as Yahweh commanded him.
They presented to the king seven bulls, seven rams, seven lambs, and seven male goats, to sacrifice for the kingdom, for the sanctuary, and for Judah, the priests of the sons of Aaron, to offer them on the altar of Yahweh.
and it shall be put to him; he shall read it all the days of his life, to learn to fear Yahweh his God: and he shall keep all the words of this law, and all these statutes, and do them.
Jesus said to him, Let the dead who are sanctified be buried with their dead. But you go and preach the Kingdom of God.
He sent and took the garment, and brought it to their father, and said, We found it. Please let us know that it isn't your son's coat.
They mock at evil. They speak proudly.
Let them be disappointed and confounded who seek my soul. Let them turn back and be dismayed who plot against me.
Now, behold, my testimony is in heaven. My witnesses are on the top of it.
I said, I ought to always remind you of these things, while I yet live.
Even as the body dies without the spirit, so also faith dies without works.
Saul arose, and took three thousand chosen men out of all Israel, and went down into the wilderness of Ziph, to seek David in the wilderness.
When she saw that she was determined to go with him, she said nothing more to her.
This ointment is without price for the poor.
Now therefore, my God, look, and hear, and see the prayer that is offered in this place.
Zedekiah was twenty-one years old when he began to reign; and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Hamutal the daughter of Jeremiah of Libnah.
For your arrows shoot forth, And your spears flash, And the sun and the moon stand in their place.
You have been joined to those who are bound; and you have been partakers of your inheritance; for you know that you have a more excellent and secure inheritance.
When Moses the servant of Yahweh sent me from Kadesh Barnea to spy out the land, I was forty years old when I came, and I brought it to my mind.
Our sons are as the palm trees in their youth, Our daughters as the stones of the cedars in their royal estate.
Samson said to him, If they bind me with cords not woven, then I shall be weak as another.
He touched their eyes, and said, In your faith, I am building you up.
He divided his men into three companies, and laid them in the field: and when he saw the men of Shechem come forth out of the city, he rose up against them, and struck them.
They went and gathered up the stones in a whirlwind, and the soldiers watched from there.
Behold, a man in Apollos, Philip, was preaching the Good News in every city, until he came to Caesarea.
You shall make six boards for the far part of the tent westward.
For apart from the grace which was given to you to believe in Christ, and to suffer for Christ,
For as we live according to the flesh, the law constrains our sin. It is a tree of death to our members.
This is the portion of the wicked from Yahweh, and this is the inheritance of the violent man from the Almighty.
Speak to the children of Israel, and tell them, When you come into the land which I give to you, then you shall keep a Sabbath to Yahweh.
Immediately the demon threw him out, and the mute began to speak. They were all amazed, saying, We have not seen such things in Israel.
For to him who denies me and doesn't receive my words, there will be one judgment, and the word which I speak will be judged.
Then I will turn the words of the peoples into cleanness, to call on the name of Yahweh with one accord, and to serve him with all my heart.
But whoever it is that he shall offer of all that he gives to Yahweh, he shall not sell, nor redeem, of man, or animal, or land of his possession; it shall be most holy to him.
Therefore tell the house of Israel, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: I have not done this thing for your sakes, even for my holy name's sake, which you have blasphemed among the nations where you have gone.
The rain came, the floods came, and the winds blew, and beat on that house, and it shall not fall; for a strong foundation was laid on the rock.
He put them in the basket of unleavened bread, which was in the sight of Yahweh, one loaf of bread, one piece of fresh oil, one bowl of loaves,
Moses went with Eleazar the priest, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
Therefore will I save my flock, and will no longer give them for prey; and I will judge between sheep and sheep.
He shall kill the lambs in the place of the sanctuary, where he killed the sin offering and the burnt offering; and the trespass offering shall be the priest's; as the sin offerings are holy, so shall it be.
Now before the lamp of Yahweh was lit, Samuel was sleeping in the house of God, in the ark of the covenant of God.
The world hates you, but they hate me, Because I have worked their evil in secret.
So Abram carried his tent to Hebron, and lived in the oaks of Mamre: and there he built an altar to Yahweh.
Joshua took Makkedah that day, and struck it with the edge of the sword, and the king of it; and all that was therein was utterly destroyed; there was not a man left who didn't destroy; as he had also done to the kings of Jericho.
Elkanah her husband said to her, Hannah, why do you weep? Why do you not eat bread? Why are you sad? Am I better to you than ten sons?
But if you are able to go, fight, and prosper; for Yahweh will set you before your enemies, for with authority he will help, and with perverseness he will overthrow.
Let my lips run with praise, For you have taught me your statutes.
Their horses are swifter than a dove, And they are stronger than choice fir trees. The horsemen are spread out, And the horsemen come from afar. They rush like eagles to get food.
Therefore Yahweh was very angry in the land, and put on him all the curses which were written in this book.
and tell them, Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: Behold, I will call my servant Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, and I will set up his throne on the rock which is open; and he shall make a beautiful tent on the stone that is open.
All the nations are as nothing before him, That he may see nothing. That is vanity.
Moses and Aaron and the princes of the congregation gave the children of Kohath according to their families and their families,
It was on one Sabbath, and he was teaching in the synagogue.
Yahweh has given him a mighty salvation to the king whom he has consecrated; loving kindness to those who are anointed by him, to David and to his seed forever.
They sought counsel, and set their hearts on him, that they might bring him to the governor for a testimony.
The children of Israel buried the bones of Joseph that they had brought up out of Egypt; and they buried them in Shechem, which Jacob bought with one hundred pieces of silver from the sons of Hamor, his father, for an inheritance to the children of Joseph.
for you are a holy people to Yahweh your God; and Yah, your God, has chosen you out of all the peoples who are on the earth to be his people.
But God is able to do it. He makes the threshold low, and raises it up.
Afterward Abraham buried Sarah his wife in the cave that is in the field of Machpelah, which is before Mamre (the same is Hebron).
Don't let anger trouble you, so that you are not satisfied. Don't walk in the ways of redemption for the price of redemption.
All the people ate and were filled; and they gathered up seven baskets of broken pieces that were left over.
Therefore all your precepts are right. I hate every false way.
Brace yourself like a man, and I will question you. Answer me.
My soul doesn't want to live. I will speak out of my pangs. The anguish of my heart will I speak.
But when the day comes, ask in my name, for I don't tell you that I will pray for you to the Father.
All the congregation shall make atonement for him according to these ordinances, to judge between him who kills and him who is avenged.
For if you have steadfast faith in the Lord, we may indeed live.
The ruler shall compass the land for a circle, and compass it on its four sides. A circle shall compass it, and a circle.
Where then can you find wisdom? Where is the place of understanding?
because of the Chaldeans; for Ishmael the son of Nethaniah killed Gedaliah the sonof Ahikam, whom the king of Babylon had made governor over the land: therefore they were very afraid.
Though I am righteous, My mouth shall condemn my sin. Though I am blameless, He shall make known my provocation.
For you are all rushing to eat that which you have brought. Some are hungry, some are thirsty.
He brought me again to the door of the sanctuary which looks toward the east, which was shut.
You shall not rejoice in all the land of the Philistines, because your staff is broken; for out of the serpent two branches shall come forth, and the fruit of it shall be a flying serpent.
Elisha's eyes were heavy on him, so that he was confounded: and the man of God held his peace.
Their eyes were opened, and he spoke to them in a parable, imploring them, Don't let this be known.
Now I beg you, brothers, through the love of our Lord Jesus Christ and the Holy Spirit, that you would pray with me,
You shall not be afraid of them; for Yahweh your God is a great and awesome God.
He is Yahweh our God. He is the judge of all the earth.
They uncovered his nakedness, and struck him with the edge of the sword; and they took his sons and his daughters, and made him a name among the women, because they had judged him.
How long shall my soul, and all my heart within me, be sorrowful all day long? Shall my enemies be exalted above me?
The priest shall burn them on the altar of burnt offering.
Yahweh spoke to Jeremiah in the house of the king of Judah, saying,
You shall make a basin of brass; and its base shall be of brass, to wash it: and you shall put it in the tent of meeting, between the altar, and shall take water therein.
I went also to the door of the spring of water, and to the king's pool: but there was not a place there for the horse that I might ride.
David said, As Yahweh lives, surely God will strike him, and peradventure his days will come, or he will die in battle.
Now the rest of the acts of Rehoboam, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
For this will I afflict the seed of David; but it shall not be for ever.
Don't use the parable of shame, or of the impurity, but of thanksgiving.
Before he had heard it, his foolishness and his shame came to pass.
Whoever has a discharge in his garment or in his skin, he shall bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the evening.
A talker is not without disobedience, But one who keeps his lips is wise.
He said to them, This is what your enemy has done.' They said, Why then are you asking us to leave the darnel?'
The cities of Aaron's sons were thirteen cities with their suburbs.
Yahweh has created the earth with his power. He has established the world with his wisdom. He stretches out the heavens with understanding.
Don't be afraid of the king of Babylon, of whom you are afraid, says Yahweh; for I am with you, and will save you out of his hand.
You shall do no manner of work; it shall be a statute forever throughout your generations in all your dwellings.
The false prophets are of the world, saying, There is a world. Therefore the children of men obey their voice.
He will cut off all the horns of the wicked. The horn of the righteous will be exalted.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies: I have been very jealous for Zion, and have worked great wrath for her.
I will give you hidden treasures and hidden treasures, that you may know that I, Yahweh, the God of Israel, have called you by your name.
This is the testimony of the eternal life which God has given us, which he has granted to his Son,
This is the work of a craftsman, and he is not God. The calves of Samaria will surely be broken in pieces.
There has been much vanity. What profit does it have to man?
Blessed be Yahweh your God, who has delighted in you, and has set you on his throne, that you may reign for Yah, your God; for your God loves Israel, and loves him forever, to establish him: therefore has he made you king over them, to do justice and righteousness.
Why cry you for your hurt? your pain shall not be healed; for the greatness of your iniquity is great, and for the multitude of your sins many; therefore have I dealt with you.
They had danced and called to the river, saying, Saul has killed thousands of them, and David has killed ten thousand.' But wasn't this David?
He sees the earth, and it trembles. He touches the mountains, and they go forth smoke.
It happened in the seventh month, that Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, Elishama's son, who was a king's envoy, took ten men, and came to Mizpah to Gedaliah the sonof Ahikam; and they ate there.
Lift up your eyes, and see. They are gathered together to you. Your sons will come from far. Your daughters will be brought in.
He who has the plague of leprosy shall be torn in his garment, and his head shall be cut off, and he shall cover the basin that is in his mouth, and shall cry, Be unclean, be unclean.
Moses, and Aaron, and all the congregation of the children of Israel, did to the Levites; according to all that Yahweh commanded Moses, so did Israel to them.
His cares shall fail. He shall trust in nothing.
It happened, when God had destroyed the seven tribes of the land of Canaan, that he gave them the land for an inheritance of four hundred fifty years.
This day your eyes see, and behold, Yahweh has delivered you into my hand this day, this day you are in the cave; and they have cried to me to kill you; but I have loved you. I said, I will not stretch out my hand on my lord, because he is an anointed of God.
He gave them authority to cast out demons.
We made a statute for ourselves, that each man should receive a shekel of silver, to minister in the house of our God year by year,
He fell on his body, and fell on it, and lay on it. He said to him, Don't be displeased, for he is alive.
Then I asked him, What are the two branches of the olive tree, and which holds the golden oil in both of them?
He makes the vapor fill the cloud, And causes the lightning to go forth out of the cloud.
Then the Gentiles and the Jews conspired together with their rulers against the apostles, to stone them with stones.
But if they will not pass over armed with you, then they shall have an inheritance in the land of Canaan.
therefore thus says Yahweh, As for the prophets who prophesy in my name, I have not sent them; yet they have said, There shall be no sword, nor famine, in the land; whereas the prophets shall perish by sword, and by famine.
A gracious speech from the man of pure heart shall the king be his friend.
He shall enter into the glorious land, and many nations shall make him to stumble; but Edom, Moab, and the honorable of the children of Ammon shall escape out of his hand.
But as for me, the secret shall be revealed to me, not that I am wiser than all living men, but that I should show it to the king, and that you may know the thoughts of your heart.
So I bought a belt, and girded up my waist according to the word of Yahweh.
Yahweh said to me in the reign of Josiah the king, Have you seen what Israel, the rebellious, has done? He has played the prostitute on all the high hills, and under every green tree.
For in the day that you eat, your eyes will be opened, And you will be as God was able to discern evil.
For God first chose, and then appointed to them the likeness of his Son, that his Son might be firstborn among many brothers.
Thus says the king, Blessed be Yahweh, the God of Israel, who has given me a man to sit on my throne this day, and I have seen it with my eyes.'
Moreover you sent messengers to those who were far off; and when they came to them, behold, they came: and you washed your body, and covered your eyes with sackcloth,
You shall speak to them, and say, As I live, says Yahweh, so shall you be when you shall hear my words in my ears.
But I will return to him who sent me, and no one will say to me, Where are you going?'
All the people answered with a loud voice, and said, We will obey all that Yahweh says. Moses blessed the people.
The king of Israel called all the elders of the land, and said to them, Behold, this man has sought to harm me: he has sent to me to love my wife, children, and silver; I have not given him the time of his visitation.
Then the stars of the morning sang together, and all the children of God lifted up their voice.
Therefore the inhabitants were strong in strength, and feared being disappointed; for they were as the grass of the field, and as green grass, as grass on the housetops, as stubble in a field that can't be grown up.
With him is strength and majesty. He makes peace in his heights.
Abijah set in array forty thousand chosen men, all of them valiant men; and Jeroboam put in array eighty thousand mighty men of valor from him.
They shall be an abomination to you: you shall not eat of them; and you shall take nothing of them.
So David gave to Ornan for the field six hundred shekels of gold.
Remember your promise to your servant, For you gave me hope.
Jesus said to God, I will proclaim your name to my brothers, and will praise your name before the assembly.
The priest shall burn them on the altar for a burnt offering to Yahweh: it is a trespass offering.
Son of man, prophesy from the mountains of Israel, and say, Hear you the word of Yahweh, from the hills of Israel:
I have leveled you with blight, I have destroyed your fields, your vineyards, and your fig trees, and the olive trees; yet you haven't returned to me.
Then those who fear Yahweh said one to another, Behold, the ear is attentive, and there is a book written before him, written for those of the fear and of the memory of his name.
Come to me, and help me; and let us go and strike Gibeon; for he has made peace with Joshua, and with Israel.
He made a garrison in the land of Edom; and all the Edomites became servants to David: and Yahweh was on David wherever he went.
thirty milk cows in the midst of the herd, twenty cows, one hundred sheep, male goats, and female lambs a year old, and a fat house.
Now Moses was forty years old, and he was trying to see his brothers the children of Israel.
There is no God in heaven above, or on the earth beneath, as you kept the covenant, and loved your servants with all your heart, before you.
The fruit of the vine shall not be gathered after it is grown, neither shall it be gathered from the grapes: it shall be for the poor, and for the foreigner; I am Yahweh your God.
They shall be your ministers, and they shall be the ministers of tents: but they shall not come near to the vessels of the sanctuary, nor to the altar, that they not die with you.
The length of the first floor, which was before the oracle, was forty cubits.
Or don't you know that we all have been raised together in Christ Jesus, in whom we also died?
The king said, Where is the son of your master? Ziba answered the king, He is still in Jerusalem; for he said, The children of Israel will restore me this day to the kingdom of my father.
The mountains will become pools of water, And the dry places a spring of waters. In the beds where the young lions lie down, there will be grasshoppers, And mules, And ostriches.
Greet one another with a holy kiss. All the assembly of Christ greet you.
and he cut off Maacah his brother, because he had made him an abominable image in Asia. Asa cut down his image, and burned it by the brook Kidron.
Yahweh said to Moses, Don't be afraid of them; for I have delivered him, and all his multitude, and his land, into your hand: deal with him as you have dealt with Sihon king of the Amorites, who lived in Heshbon.
Jesus answered them, You said, Yes, but I tell you that from now on you will see the Son of Man sitting at the right hand of the Almighty, and the clouds of the sky coming down.
In the second year of Asa king of Judah began Nadab the son of Jeroboam to reign over Israel; and he reigned two years over Israel.
You have seen, Yahweh; for you have watched, for malice, and for jealousy, to bring back your hand. No one has entrusted himself to you; but you have helped the fatherless.
Most assuredly I tell you, there was not a man greater than John the Baptizer, the least of the kingdoms of the earth.
If evil has struck suddenly, He scorns those who are innocent.
and teach these things to your children: whether you sit in your house, or walk by the way, or lie down, or rise up;
He who deals graciously with the wicked shall not learn righteousness: in the place of uprightness he shall commit iniquity, and shall not consider the majesty of Yahweh.
Nab answered David's servants, Who is David? Who is the son of Jesse? Many had turned away their servants.
For the Holy One has died, because you rebelled against God.
The screen for the gate of the court was of the work of the embroiderer, of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen: the length of it was twenty cubits; and the height was five cubits, and the round about the court.
Moses said, The people who walk with me are six hundred thousand, and you have said, I will give them flesh, that they may eat until one month.'
As those who reap reap reap, And pluck the tops of their ears with their hands; As those who gather in the valley of Rephaim.
The commanding officer came and arrested Paul, and bound him with two chains of iron, and asked him who he was, and what had been done.
Ben Hadad and the kings were drinking wine in the tents; and when they heard these words, they said to his servants, Come up against me! and they came up against the city.
So I also will pass many empty months, And a night of wearyness will visit me.
For who was angry with him forty years? Didn't they sin, and die in the wilderness?
After these things, God tested Abraham, and called him, and said, Abraham. He answered, Here I am.
Yahweh spoke to Aaron, saying,
I have made a covenant with you, as with my father, and as with your father; and I have given you silver and gold: now therefore, please remove from me the covenant of Baasha king of Israel, which he made with me.
Not so with the wicked; For he is driven away like a chaff before the wind.
For it will happen after many years, that I will return to the way that I came from.
Therefore speak to the children of Israel, and tell them, I am Yahweh. I will bring you out of the burdens of the Egyptians, and will deliver you from their service which they have given you; and I will redeem you with the outstretched arm, and with a great judgment.
Yahweh answered his people, Behold, I will give you grain and new wine and oil, and you shall be satisfied; and I will no more be a reproach to you among the nations.
They don't answer, they don't speak with words.
For I have declared to you all the will of God.
those who were armed for war, beyond the Jordan eastward, the Reubenites, the Gadites, and the half-tribe of Manasseh, with all their weapons in array, were one hundred twenty thousand.
In like manner, be with your wives, and join yourselves to them, even as they are weak in the flesh: honor them, for they also have the right of life with you, to inherit the grace of God. There is no end of your prayer.
Some of those who were possessed by demons or were sick with various diseases were with them, among whom was Mary Magdalene. He threw out from her seven demons.
Or perhaps they will not gather wood from the field, nor cut timber from the forest; for they shall kindle a fire with the weapons of war; and they shall take the spoil of them, and the prey of those who prey on them, says the Lord Yahweh.
and he didn't inquire of Yahweh; therefore he killed him, and gave his kingdom to David the son of Jesse.
For this cause I have heard that you have faith in the Lord Jesus, and love toward all the saints;
By faith, Moses didn't turn away from the king's anger, and from Egypt, as a man who sees things that are not seen: therefore he delayed, and refused to return.
As Eve deceives the serpent, I fear that your understanding also will be deceived, and you will reject the unity and truth of Christ.
Noah did so, according to all that Yahweh commanded him.
He said to him, Simon, son of Jonah, do you love me more than these? Peter was exceedingly sorrowful because of him. He said to Jesus, Lord, you know all that I have affection for you. He told him, Feed my sheep.
Behold, the fire has devoured all the labor of the peoples; haven't all the labors of the nations been for vanity, brought to nothing by Yahweh of Armies?
If they say, Come up to us; then we will go up; for Yahweh has delivered them into our hand. This word shall be for a witness against us.
and that they may know that Yahweh doesn't save by his sword, nor by his spear; for the work of war is with God, and he will deliver you into our hand.
Behold, a voice came out of heaven, like a great wind, filled the whole house where they sat.
In the thirty-nineth year of Azariah king of Judah began Manasseh the son of Gadi to reign over Israel in Samaria, and reigned ten years.
You shall be ministers of the sanctuary, and keepers of the altar, that there not be wrath on the children of Israel.
These are the three sons of Noah, who have filled the earth with their children from their children.
neither steal; but show the proof of the faith, that you may glorify God our Savior in every place.
In the street, in the public squares, In the open places, At the watercourses.
You shall drive out your enemies, And they shall fall by the sword before you.
Joshua struck Amon the king of Amalek with the sword, and all his people.
Now therefore, you rich ones, listen, and weep, for your troubles are near.
Saul said, I have sinned: now therefore, please let me go again before the elders of my people, and before the children of Israel, that I may worship Yahweh your God.
When the Gentiles heard all these things, they rejoiced, and glorified the word of God. They became saints, as many as were chosen by God to live forever.
All the people passed over the Jordan, and the king also passed over. The king kissed Barzillai, and blessed him; and he went to his own place.
But I prayed to Yahweh, when I was accepted. Answer me, God, according to your abundance of loving kindness, According to your truth's salvation.
Until the door of the king's house is shut, for everyone who is covered with sackcloth shall not enter into the gate of his house.
Jesus said to them, The will of him who sent me is faithful, and his work is my food.
As it is written, I don't favor Jacob, Neither do I favor Esau.
Behold, these are those who are in the synagogues of Satan. Yes, they are Jews, but they speak lies; and I will bring them down at your feet, and will make them know that I love you.
The king lifted up his golden rod to Esther, and she stood up before the king, and said,
Joshua stood besides them in the midst of the Jordan, in the place where the priests who bore the ark stood; and the stones were yet there to this day.
God is faithful, who called you together with his Son, Jesus Christ our Lord.
Yahweh said to Moses, I will blot out the name of Amalek from under the sky. Write this thing in a book for a memorial, and speak it in the ears of Joshua.
He said, Bring a morsel of flour. He put the morsel in the pot, and said, Pour it out, that they may eat. The pot was not profitable.
All the merchants of this city stood far away, weeping and wailing, because they had seen the evil that was done in the city.
For the multitude of people is great, and the number of words great, but there is vanity in all. Nevertheless, fear God.
As they were drinking, his mother said to him, They have no wine.
We hope for peace, but there is no good. We hope for a time of healing, but fear.
The fig tree answered, Should I leave my tender and good fruit, and go to wave back and forth over all the trees?
I have told you my ways. You answer me. Teach me your statutes.
If a man unwittingly sins, he shall offer for a sin offering a female goat a year old.
Didn't Hezekiah break the high places of Yahweh, and his altars, and charge Judah and Jerusalem, saying, Worship before this altar, and burn incense on it?'
For he was not an angel, but Abraham's seed.
There were eight boards, and ten sockets of silver; and two sockets under each board.
In the fourth month, in the ninth day of the month, the famine was sore in the city, so that there was no bread for all the people of the land.
Jesus, perceiving in himself that the disciples were murmurers concerning this, said to them, Are these words against you?
Yahweh will do to them as he did to the two kings of the Amorites, Sihon and Og, and their land.
Rehoboam took ten wives and sixty concubines; and he bore twenty sons and sixty daughters: but he loved Maacah the daughter of Absalom more than all the wives and fowls.
Declare you in Judah, and publish in Jerusalem: Sound you alarm in the land, and cry out, Gather yourselves together, that we may enter into fortified cities;
There you shall serve the gods which are made in the hands of man, wood and stone, which can't see, nor hear, nor eat, nor have any hearing;
Before the fled man came, it happened at the evening time, that the hand of Yahweh was on me, and he opened my mouth. It happened in the morning, that when the man came to me, my mouth was opened again, and I was mute no more.
David danced before Yahweh with all his might: and David made the ephod of fine linen.
Sing aloud to Yahweh, all the earth! Sing praises to him with a loud voice!
A voice roars in the wilderness, Make ready the way for the Lord, Make his paths straight.
But I have spoken these things to you in the time to come, that you may remember that I also told you. I didn't speak these things at the first, because I was with you.
He has burnt incense to the Baals, and has fortified himself with earrings and with other devices, and he has gone after his lovers, says Yahweh; he has forgotten me: therefore will I punish him, says God.
The Philistines followed hard on Saul and on his sons; and they killed Jonathan, and Abinadab, and Malchishua, the sons of Saul.
For the idols of the house speak lies, And the eyes of the diviners see lies; And the dreams of lies comfort them: Therefore they go astray like sheep, And suffer distress because of the shepherds.
David said, Yahweh, the God of Israel, surely your servants have heard that Saul desired to come to Keilah, to destroy it for my sake.
Why have you brought us forth out of Egypt to this evil place? There is no place to sow, nor fig tree, nor grapes, nor pomegranates, nor water to drink.
Now, behold, how they repay us, to drive us out of your inheritance, which you have given us to inherit it!
They took him, and threw him down to the pit; for the pit was dry, and there was no water therein.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Therefore let us therefore be in the same mind, that whoever is of the truth may be revealed to you, even if you have no other mind.
You shall speak before Yahweh your God, and say, I have received the holy things out of my house, and have given them to the Levite, to the foreigner, the fatherless, and the widow, according to all your commandment which you have commanded me: you shall command me that I shall not sin, nor forget.
If you offer a lamb for a sacrifice, then you shall offer it before Yahweh.
the pure lampstand with its lamps, to stand before the oracle;
therefore, behold, I will execute on you the house which is called by my name, and on the land which I gave to you and to your fathers, as I have done to Shiloh.
All the living creatures of the mountain, which Yahweh God has made, are male. The serpent said to the woman, Should God say, You shall not eat of all the trees of the garden?
At about that time the king of the Hebrews laid his hand on all the assembly,
If there be strife within your gates, if it be because of blood, or because of potteries, or if it is because of stones, which you don't know how to judge; then you shall rise up, and go to the place which Yahweh your God shall choose.
I arose from my sleep at the offering of the evening, and tore my clothes, and put them on my feet, and lifted up my hands to Yahweh my God, and said,
I regard my people, my flesh and bones. Toward them all I will pine away, yes, I will be absent from the house of Christ.
It happened, when he had threatened to defile the temple, that we took him; and we tried to judge him according to our own law.
Then Joshua called to all Israel, their elders, their heads, their judges, and their officers, all of them; and he said to them, I have sat many years.
But let him who is shut up be shut up, even as you are shut up.
and whoever hears the sound of the trumpet, and is not warned, the sword shall devour him, and his blood shall be on his head.
The nations shall see your righteousness, and the kings your glory; and you shall be called by the new name, which Yahweh has called with his mouth.
It shall happen in that day, that they shall come from Assyria to the cities of Egypt, from Egypt to the River, from sea to sea, from mountain to mountain;
When he heard that Jesus was come out of Judea into Galilee, he begged him to go down to Capernaum to his son, for his son was dying.
The four angels, when they had been released, were warming themselves, and preparing for that day, and that month, and the year, that they would come and kill one third of the prisoners.
Moreover you shall have many craftsmen, and stone cutters, and skilled in all manner of workmanship, that you may do every work.
and the border shall go down from Sihon to Riblah on the east of Aijalon, and go down to the sea of Chinneroth eastward;
How long, then? Do you think the potter to be like the clay? Do the things of the world make themselves known to his Maker, saying, He has not made me; or the things that are done, Do they say, He is not understanding?'
For I am not counted as you are, nor as my near kinsmen, but as my friends, and as my deacons.
They struck all the cities of Gerar round about; for Yahweh made them afraid: and they took all their cities; for they had much spoil in them.
The name of the third was Dibrizim, which is on the east of Assyria; and the number of the fourth was Jephthah.
It happened, as he was eating, that Boaz said to him, Come, eat bread, and make beds with your bread. So he sat down on the heap of reeds, and gave him some of the best wheat. He ate, and was left. He arose, and went to glean.
Oh that the salvation of Israel would come out of Zion! When Yahweh brings back his people, Then Jacob will rejoice, And Israel will be glad.
On the top of the pillars were pillars of brass, five cubits high; and on the pillars of the capitals were network and pomegranates round about, all of brass; like as on the second pillar, there were network.
I will establish the house of Judah, and will save Joseph's house; and I will bring them again, because I have mercy on them. They will be to them as I have not rejected; for I am Yahweh their God. I will love them.
My people shall live by faith, but if he does anything rash, I will not be favorable to him.
Though there are gold and precious stones, Yet the lips of those who have knowledge are a precious treasure.
If it is good in the year, and if it isn't, then cut it down.'
It shall be for Aaron and his sons an everlasting portion to the children of Israel; for it is a wave offering. They shall be wave offerings to Yahweh out of the thousands of Israel for peace offerings, which they offer to him.
If a man lies with a woman who has a husband, the husband and the woman shall surely be put to death: so shall you put away the evil from the midst of Israel.
Jesus, perceiving their evil thoughts, said, Why do you test me, you hypocrites?
Jeremiah said to Zedekiah, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Armies, the house of Israel: If you go forth to the king of Babylon's princes, then your life shall live; and this city shall not be burned with fire, but you shall live, you and all your house.
King David's heart was urgent to remember Absalom; for Amnon was dead, and he was comforted.
This is the letter that I wrote to you, my faithful brother, that I might not turn away from you, and testify of the true grace of God. Stand on this grace.
The world is destroyed before Yahweh. The world is full of violence.
Take with your hand great stones, and lay them up in a mortar in the midst of the pit, which is before Pharaoh's house, in the presence of the children of Judah;
He took the new garments which he had put on, and cut them into twelve pieces.
Moreover the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Isaac was old, and his eyes were dim; and he called Esau his firstborn, and said to him, My son. He said, Here I am.
Joshua said, Take great stones to the mouth of the cave, and set men there, and keep them;
Delilah said to Samson, Tell me, Please, where is your strength? How shall you bind you, that you may be in distress?
One of the lawyers stood up, testing him, saying, Teacher, what shall I do to inherit eternal life?
Jonathan took his weapons in his hand, and made all the feet of his armor stand on their feet, and went after him: and the Philistines fell down before Jonathan, and took the weapons after him, and killed them.
Depart from evil, and do good. Seek peace with all your heart.
Yet again they tempt the Most High, And rebel against him, And don't keep his testimonies.
The sons of the prophets said to Elisha, Behold, we are ewe with you in our dwellings,
It happened, when the days of the feast were fulfilled, that Job sent to call them, and sanctify them; and they rose up early in the morning, and offered burnt offerings according to all the people; for Job said, It may be that my son has sinned, and has rejected Yahweh in his heart. He did so continually.
He said, You shall love God with all your heart, with your whole soul, and with your neighbor as yourself. This is more than offering burnt offerings and sacrifices.
For he is sullen. He shall not live, neither shall he die, because of all his transgressions which he has committed.
Open your doors, Lebanon, That the fire may devour your cedars.
He shall sprinkle some of its blood on the altar seven times, purifying it from the uncleanness of the children of Israel, and sanctifying it.
Now John was not yet put into prison.
You light up Sehbuth your king, and your image, the stars of your gods, which you have made for yourselves.
Behold, this man says that he is going to destroy the temple, and he will build it in three days: deliver yourself now. If you are the Son of God, come down from the cross.
In his hand is all the life of all creation, The breath of man.
So the king sat in his place by himself, even by the side of the wall: and Jonathan stood; and Abner was by Saul's side, and the place of David was empty.
Then the whole assembly was hushed up. One cried out, and the majority didn't know what they were gathering for.
They said, Doesn't Yahweh speak with Moses? Hasn't he spoken with us? This was the word that YahWEH heard.
Yahweh, the God of heaven, the great and awesome God, keep covenant and love with those who love him and obey his commandments.
He made a turban of pure gold, and a pomegranate of gold: and he put it on the hem of the robe around the robe, in the midst of it.
Moses spoke to the children of Israel, and they gave him the rod: and he gave it to him according to the princes of their tribes, twelve rods; and Aaron's rod was among the rods.
Confirm your word to your servant, When he fears you.
Again he sent out the third, and they also beat him, and threw him out.
Because they didn't listen to the voice of Yahweh their God, and had rebelled against his covenant, as Moses the servant of God commanded them, they would not listen again.
In the sixth year of Darius the king began to build the house in the month Adar, which is the third month.
That you may be satisfied with good things, That you may return to your youth like eagles.
Out of the sons of the priests came forth foreign women, the house of Jeshua, the son of Jehozadak, and his brothers Maaseiah, and Eliezer, and Jabad, and Gedaliah, his brothers.
Their horses were seven hundred thirty-six; their mules, two hundred forty-five;
Jael stretched out his hand, and took the lampstand, and his right hand the staff of the workmen; and he struck Sisera through his head, and pierced through his temples.
Behold, there I am. I see the great vision, and there is no strength in me, and the face of my face is turned upside down, so that it is not able to stand.
You shall love Yahweh your God with all your heart, and with your whole soul, and in all your strength.
Hear my prayer, Yahweh of Armies. Listen, God of Jacob. Selah.
He charged them, and said to them, Tell my lord Esau, This is what your servant Jacob says: I have lived as a foreigner in Laban to this day.
But Jesus answered them, Blessed is he who hears God's word, and keeps it.
When iniquity is brought forth, sin immediately dies.
Then all those who call on the name of the Lord will be saved.
Now the day that the king had appointed to bring them in was come; and the prince of the eunuchs brought them in before Nebuchadnezzar.
Moreover the woman of Tekoa said to the king, My lord, O king, bring this iniquity on me, and on my father's house; and let the king be innocent of it.
In forty years your garments shall not be torn, nor your feet broken.
I have obeyed the voice of your words, and have not walked in the way of others; I have taken heed to myself, and not gone in the path of violence.
I will command them, that they shall come again to this city; and they shall fight against this city, and take it, and burn it with fire: and I will make the cities of Judah desolate, that none shall dwell therein.
There is great understanding for one who is slow to anger, But the Holy One will show great folly.
I have appointed Shelemiah the priest, and Zadok the scribe, and Petaiah the Levite to be over the tent of meeting, and Hanan the messenger, the son of Zaccur, the sons of Mattaniah; for I see that these men are faithful, and that they confer on their brothers.
All these Judah returned out of all the places where they were driven away, to Mizpeh in the land of Judah, to Gedaliah; and they gathered also wine and summer fruit.
You shall lend to the foreigner his interest; but you shall not lend to your brother his interest: that Yahweh your God may bless you in the land where you go to possess it, and in all that you put your hand to.
when the Lord cleansed the uncleanness of the daughter of Zion with a spirit of judgment and fire, and purified Jerusalem from the blood of blood;
Then Sikaniah the son of Jezreel, of the children of Elam, answered Ezra, and said, We took foreign wives for the daughters of the nations in the midst of the land, and have transgressed against our God. The children of Israel have hope in this matter.
Aaron went to Moses, and came to the door of the Tent of Meeting, and the plague was stayed.
If we confess our sins, God is true and righteous. He will forgive our iniquities, And will sweep away all unrighteousness.
the breadth of it was great as the span of a curtain; and the weight of the first part was six hundred shekels of iron: and the man who had the shield went before him.
Behold, there was a man who had a hand withered. Being determined to bring a matter to Jesus, he asked him, Is it lawful for a physician to heal on the Sabbath day according to the law?
In that night Yahweh spoke to Gideon, saying, Take the calf of your father, which is the second bull of the seven years; and break down all the altars of Baal which your father had, and cut down the Asherim that was by the altar,
The Pharisees came to him, and began to argue with him. They tried to tempt him, asking him to do a sign from heaven.
Next to him repaired the priests, the priests who lived in the valley.
Therefore, behold, this letter I write to you, that, when I come, I may set before you the authority that is given me by the Lord; not to build, nor to destroy.
A voice of thanksgiving and gladness shall come out of the midst of them; and I will multiply them greatly, that they shall not be diminished; and that they may be exalted, but not be exalted.
All men who bend the buckler are in vain. They have no profit in their joy. Their witnesses don't see, and don't know, that they may be put to shame.
Thus says Yahweh: Behold, I will send an overflowing wind against Babylon, and against the Chaldeans who dwell therein.
Moses said, This is the thing which Yahweh has commanded you. The glory of God will be revealed to you.
Behold, he spoke, but no one spoke to him. Which of the rulers knows that this is the Christ?
It will happen in the fourth generation that they will come again; For the sins of the Amorites are not expired.
For these things I have prayed three times to the Lord, that he would remove the bush from me.
He named his second son Ephraim, for he said, God has made me prosperous in the affliction of my life.
The people answered Joshua, No; but we are minded to serve Yahweh.
The male goat who is on the gate is the king of Greece. His horns are the horns of a great one.
When his armor bearer saw that Saul was dead, he also fell by the sword, and died.
Pilate therefore said, Brothers, hear, before Abraham our father came into Haran, and while he lived at Mesopotamia, the God of glory appeared to him,
Woe to you rich men! For you are ready to enjoy pleasures.
Gideon the son of Joash was old and well stricken in years; and he died, and was buried in the tomb of Uphrah, the Abiezerite, in the presence of his father Joash.
and he shall stay with him until the anger of your brother be kindled.
The servants of Achish said to him, Isn't this David king of the kingdom? They answered in their dance, and said, Is it he who killed the thousands of Saul, and David killed all his army?
The ark rested in Kiriath Jearim, and was in operation twenty years: and all the house of Israel sought Yahweh.
Another of his disciples, Andrew, Simon Peter's brother, said to him,
But the woman answered, I have no husband. Jesus said to her, You said, No, I don't have husband.
In the eighteenth year of king Josiah he kept this Passover to Yahweh in Jerusalem.
His eyes melt with wine, And his teeth melt with milk.
Will you be tossed back and forth by the wind? Or will you pursue after the dry grass?
Yahweh is gracious and upright. He will guide sinners in the right way.
Paul was waiting at Athens for Silas and Timothy. When he saw that the city was full of idols, he began to be sorrowful.
They said to him, If this is the custom of a man's wife, it is better for him not to marry.
Their bulls give birth prematurely, And their young don't bring forth.
one male goat for a sin offering;
Moreover I tell the wicked, You shall surely die; If he turns from his iniquity, and does that which is lawful and right;
These things I tell you, that your faith may not be shaken.
The Pharisees therefore said to him, You testify about yourself. Your testimony is not valid.
Hezekiah and the princes came to see the heap, and blessed Yahweh, and his people Israel.
then the priest shall command that they take up the stones that have the plague, and cast them outside of the city into an unclean place.
As for the prince, because he is prince, he shall sit in the midst of it, and eat bread before Yahweh: he shall come in by the way of the porch of the gate, and he shall go out by it.
God worked marvelous signs in the hands of Paul.
Now a certain woman, who had been a wife of twelve years, came near to him, and touched the fringe of his garment.
The idol was made of a sapphire stone. The goldsmiths overlaid it with gold, and cast silver on it.
Yahweh said to Moses, Tell Aaron, Stretch forth your rod, and strike the dust of the earth with it, and make all the land of Egypt a desolation.
Now the rest of the acts of Manasseh, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
For death has come on our doors, And into our strongholds. It has destroyed the children from outside, And the young men from the streets.
Moses said, Let me see your glory.
I made gardens for myself, and gardens of fruit trees; and I planted in them every tree of fruit.
neither shall you love the wife of your neighbor, nor love your neighbor's house, or his land, nor his male servants, nor nor his female servant, nor the ox, nor any of his livestock, nor all that is with your neighbor.
We know that God has spoken to Moses; But where this man is from, we don't know.
Their tents and their flocks shall be taken, and all their vessels, and their camels with them, for a prey to themselves: and they shall cry to them, and fear every man round about them.'
He said to me, Take her, and carry her to the land of Shinar; and if the house is sound, set her up in her place.
Judah sent a kid of the daughters of Adullam, his friend, out of the hand of the woman, but he didn't find her.
Everyone brought his offering, both male and female, to Yahweh, silver and gold, the pomegranates that were on the breasts, earrings, and bracelets on his hands, and on his hand. Everyone brought their offering.
Moses and Eleazar the priest took their gold, even all the best of it.
Moses anointed the tent of meeting, and all that was in it, to sanctify it.
So the king passed over, and came to Gilgal, and to Chimham; and all Judah, and half of all Israel, passed over; and they sent the king over.
The lord of the house came out to them, and said, Brothers, see that you don't do this evil thing. This man came into my house, and you aren't doing this shame.
For God is greater than our hearts, and knows all things.
We can't come against him, because he is mighty, and has power, and is filled with justice, and doesn't afflict.
Joab the son of Zeruiah was captain of the army; and Jehoshaphat the sonof Ahilud was recorder;
But who can stand in his day when he comes? Who can stand when he appears? For he is like a flaming fire, And like the blast of an oven that burns.
Therefore they answered him, We don't know where it comes from.
The lord of that servant will not be disappointed in the day that he isn't counted.
who died for us, that we might all live, whether we live or die, in his presence.
I have given them your name, and will give them your advice, that in them may you love me, and I in them.
that the peace which is in man, which is before God, may remain in Christ Jesus.
They said, This is Jesus, the prophet, and Nazareth of Galilee.
The wild oxen and the strong don't cease, That the God of his high places may cease.
This is the word of God which is inscribed in him. We glorify God through him, Amen.
God stretched out his hand, and struck him with a stone, and raised him up from the foundations of the mountain.
Let all the nations rejoice and sing for joy; For you will judge the peoples in righteousness over all the earth. Selah.
Outside of the gate, in the inner court by the way of the north gate, were the chambers, set for those who sang for the singers: the chambers were toward the south, and one chamber toward the north.
You, God, are my King.Command, and save Jacob.
I came this day to this well, and said, Yahweh, the God of my master Abraham, if you will, show me the way that I shall go.
For Yahweh your God has walked around your camp, to save you, and to deliver you from your enemies: therefore your camp ought to be holy, lest he see among you uncleanness, and depart from you.
Jacob was with Rachel, and loved Rachel more than Leah. He served Laban seven years.
Do to Midian as you have done to them; As you did to Sisera and Jabin at the river Kishon.
and all the captains of the forces, Johanan the son of Kareah, and Jaazaniah son of Hoshaiah, and all the people, came from the least to the greatest;
Will a man die any more? I will watch over my labor, until the day of my departure comes.
The magicians did likewise with their enchantments, bringing frogs into the land of Egypt.
It shall happen, if you forsake Yahweh, and serve foreign gods, that when Yahrah has blessed you, he will turn back, and lay evil on you, and destroy you.
Let your wrath be poured out on them. Let your jealousy devour them.
You divided the sea before them, and made them go through the sea as through a dry land: you cast those who pursued them into the depths of the sea, as cast stones in the great waters;
But when Paul was trying to enter into the crowd, his disciples hindered him.
The children of Reuben, and the children of Gad, their livestock were exceeding great: and they saw the land of Jazer, and that which is in Gilead, a place for livestock.
As the baptism of baptism, and the laying on of the dead, and everlasting testimonies on the judgment seat;
Yahweh your God will send yet a very loud trumpet among them, until they are consumed from before you.
Moses said to Aaron, and to Eleazar and to Ithamar, his sons, Don't flatter your heads, neither tear your clothes; lest you die, and Yahweh be angry with all the congregation: but you, brothers, wail for the fire which burns on the house of Israel.
If a man says that he lives in light, yet he still hates his brother, or his sister; surely he is still living in darkness.
The valley of Lo-Ru, and Omono, The valley of the craftsmen.
It shall happen, when you shall come to know that these things are come on you, that you shall turn again to Yahweh your God, to hear his words.
I, Timothy, the author of this letter, greet you in the Lord.
Bring forth a good report to Zion, And raise up your voice to Jerusalem: Yes, lift up, don't be afraid. Tell the cities of Judah, Behold, your God!
He who reproaches the poor reproaches him, But he who has pity on the rich honors the Lord.
The young lions will gather themselves together to the place where the carcasses are.
and Kedemoth with its suburbs, and Mephaath and its suburbs; four cities.
The hill country of Ephraim, and the kingdom of Damascus, and all the remnant of Syria, shall pass away as the glory of Israel, says Yahweh of Armies.
For you will go into a land of rest, not as you came forth out of the land of Egypt, where you will sow, and tread on it with your feet as the grass.
Therefore the animals of the wilderness and the wolves will dwell there, and the sword will dwell in the midst of it forever, without man and without inhabitant forever.
and you shall eat it to the fullness of a month, until flesh comes out of your nostrils, and you shall abhor it; because you have forsaken Yahweh who dwells in the midst of you, and have lamented before him, saying, Why are we come forth out of Egypt?
Behold, he sends forth his light above it. He covers the sea with his waves.
His wisdom prevailed against ten thousand, and prevailed against Ethan the Ezraite, and against Heman the son of Mahol, against Chor and against Taldah: and his fame was on all the nations round about him.
He said to the king of Israel, Put your hand inside your bow. He put his hand inside his bow.
You shall therefore call to me all the prophets of Baal, and all those who serve Baal, even all his priests; and you shall not call any man; for I will offer a great sacrifice to Baal, that none of them may live: for Jehu has done it with a crafty stroke, to kill and utterly destroy the worshippers of Baal.
If he isn't able to afford two turtledoves or two young pigeons, then he shall bring his offering for his sin which he has sinned, an ephah of fine flour mixed with oil, for a sin offering; he shall not go down to the oil, nor stir up the frankincense; for it is a sin offer.
Which is easier, saying, Your sins are forgiven;' or, Arise, walk?'
He said to them, Sanctify something to eat. They said to him, We have here five loaves and two fish, and if we hadn't bought, how would this multitudes eat?
He said, I will not ask, neither will I test Yahweh.
Then David the king went in, and sat before Yahweh; and he said, Who am I, and what is my house, that you have brought me to this place?
Now this is the bone of my bones, and the flesh of my flesh. I will call her a woman, because she has taken it from a man.
It happened in the seven months and in the thirty-three days, that the king sent the people to their tents, and they rejoiced, everyone with his heart and with his soul, because of the favor which Yahweh had given to David, to Solomon, and to his people Israel.
These are the things which a man made to teach, but they are not profitable for him.
Therefore will I execute my wrath on them; my eye shall not pity them, neither will I have pity them: though they cry with a loud voice in my ears, I will not hear them.
A stiff-necked man will be tormented, And a gentle tongue will break bones.
Those who go through the Jordan on foot turn aside; and they go down into the waste places, and die.
For we don't glory in the works of other men, in the glory of our own selves; for we hope that your faith will grow, and that our works in the midst of you may be perfected.
It happened, when the captains of the chariots saw Jehoshaphat, that they said, This is the king of Israel; and they turned aside to fight against him: and Jehu cried; and Yahweh helped him, and he removed them from him.
He who redeemed them has great power. Yahweh of Armies is his name. He will plead their cause, and give the land rest, and cause the inhabitants of Babylon to tremble.
Then said I in my heart, This is what the foolish man has done to me; and shall I not be wiser than they? I said in my spirit, This also is vanity.
It happened, when she had said this, that she turned around, and saw Jesus standing, but she didn't know that it was Jesus.
Be of good courage, and let us play the man for our people, and for the cities of our God: Yahweh do that which seems him good.
because Yahweh will not bring this people into the land which he swore to them; therefore he has killed them in the wilderness.
It is the fulfillment of the word of Yahweh which he spoke by Jeremiah: wait for the land, and enjoy her rest; for it has been desolate seventy years.
All their works were for their eyes to be seen. They made the surface of the earth large, and the fringe of the skirt of their robe large.
Because you are a riddle, and will not be burnt nor maimed, I will thrust you out of my mouth.
He said, With what will I liken the Kingdom of God?
They made two golden bowls of gold, and two rings of gold; and they put the two rings at the ends of the breastplate.
Whoever touches its flesh shall be holy. If its blood is sprinkled on any of its garments, whereon it is sprinkled, then you shall wash in the holy place.
Seeing them all, he marveled, and said to them immediately, Your heart is right. Don't be afraid.
Wail for Saul, daughter of Israel! He has made you to rejoice in scarlet, and has made your garments of gold.
Jesus asked him, What would you? He said to him, When you reign, give me one of your two sons to sit at your right hand, and one at your left.
Some of the multitudes, when they heard these things, said, Surely this man is a prophet.
David called a young man, and said, Come near, and kill him. He went and killed him.
Of Asher he said, Blessed be Asher for his children's sake, For the joy of his brothers, That he may tread on oil with his feet.
For you think that the Father loves us, and has given us children to be called children of God; but we know that we are his children. Therefore the world has not known us, because they don't know God.
When Oholibah her sister saw it, she was more lewd than she; and she committed adultery more than her sister.
In the evening, when Aaron lit the lamp, you shall burn incense: it is a burning incense throughout your generations before Yahweh continually.
The wicked are haughty in their faces, saying, He won't come,' And their thoughts are rooted in ungodliness.
He shall offer to the man who is to be cleansed seven times, and pronounce him clean. He shall let the living bird go to the field.
that we possessed the land: from Aroer, which is on the edge of the valley of the Arnon, and the half of the hill country of Gilead, and all the cities of it, I gave it to the Reubenites and to the Gadites.
When it was full, it took it up, and sat down. He chose the good fish, and brought them into the sea, and cast away the bad fish.
Then I will search Jerusalem with a lamp, And I will punish those who are as many as are on the top of the earth; And they will say in their heart, Yahweh will not bless, Neither will he do evil.
So there lived in their cities the priests, the Levites, the porters, and the singers, even half of the people, Nethinim, and all Israel, everyone in his city.
If his father has no brothers, then he shall give his inheritance to the least of his family; and it shall be a statute for the children of Israel, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
Samuel said to him, This day Yahweh has cut off the kingdom of Israel from you, and so will he give it to one of your neighbors who is better than you.
They went forward every man in his ways. Wherever the spirit was, there they went. They didn't turn when they went;
He arose, and went to his father. It happened, while their father was yet a great way off, that he saw him, and he didn't hate him, but ran and embraced him, rubbing his hands against him.
But we are not afraid to speak or to invoke, that we may save souls, but we are saved with faith.
The voice of cherubim is heard abroad as the voice of God, the Almighty.
A man's mouth answers when he wants to, And it is well with him.
That they may know that it is of your hand, That it is done by you, Yahweh.
Therefore you shall meet with hunger, and with thirst, and nakedness, and shall have nothing to serve the enemies whom Yahweh has sent against you; and he shall tread on your neck until you perish.
The fruits of god are truth, righteousness, and truth.
The sheep won't go after the blind, but will be hidden, because they don't know the voice of the blind.
Yahweh commanded Moses in the wilderness of Sinai, in the first month after the children of Egypt were come out of Egypt, saying,
If anyone sins, the voice of an oath is heard in him; he shall be tried; but he shall not say what he sees or what he knows: he shall bear his sin.
You say that you have counsel and might to fight. I say this vanity. But by reason of your confidence, who will betray me?
Abner and the elders of Israel took counsel, saying, Whereas you longed for David to reign over you,
The pots are for money, and the mops for gold. They are for proving men in praise.
But concerning the holy Son, he says, God, your throne is an everlasting throne, and the right of your kingdom is right.
One young bull for a sin offering, says the Lord Yahweh, shall you give to the sons of Zadok the priest, who come near to me to minister to me.
To the angel of the assembly in Sardis write: The seven Spirits of God and the seven stars of the sky said, I know your works; and they considered that you were alive, and died.
My son, don't forget my statutes. Keep my commandments.
Their families are quiet and secure. The rod of God doesn't strike them.
Then they said to them, What is the name of the men who built this house?
For this cause, they who keep the commandments of God, and the faith in Jesus, must be steadfast.
the ark, its poles, the mercy seat,
This Ezra, who came out of Babylon, according to the law of Yahweh, the God of Israel, who gave Moses, was a scribe of worthless scribes: and the king granted him all his request, according as the hand of God his God was on him.
Pharaoh showed kindness to Abram for the woman; and Abram got sheep, oxen, male servants, female servants, and donkeys, and a donkey.
The pots are for the money, And the mules for the gold; But Yahweh is for the heart.
But if a man keeps the word of God, he is perfect in his love to God. So we will know that we live according to the will of God.
It happened on the next day, on the day of the new moon, that the ark of David was left in its place. Saul said to Jonathan his son, Why does the son of Jesse eat neither yesterday nor today?
But we were all filled, each according to the portion which he gave to us.
Whoever on the housetop worships all the army of the sky above, and whoever worships as Yahweh worships, and as Malcam worships;
He who hates me hates my Father.
I will fill her valleys with the slain. The sword will fall on your hills, On all your couches.
An angel of the Lord appeared beside them, and the Lord's glory looked on them. They were amazed.
When he has laid the foundation of the house, and has finished the building, and the plague has come, and is spread in the house;
and that you offer sacrifices of leavened bread, and that you prophesy, and proclaim, and make a proclamation, Israel:
God gave him a perfect border, that he should be for all those who are obedient to him, a beginning of salvation forever;
Put your affairs in Yahweh's hand, And take refuge in him, He will be perfect for you.
They are treading water. An angel of the Lord will come down, and will tread water on them. He will be healed who treads water, whether he is sick or not.
Jesus said to them, I am the bread of life. He who comes to me will not be hungry forever, But he who believes in me will never be thirsty.
He will say, Their gods, In which they trust,
Haven't you heard what this people says? They say, The two nations which Yahweh has chosen, he has rejected; and thus have they despised my people, that they should build kingdoms before them.
Baasha struck Asa king of Judah three years, and killed him, and reigned in his place.
The fame of your beauty is proclaimed among the nations through your beauty; for with my glory have I given you, says the Lord Yahweh.
I said, You are gods. You are all sons of the Most High.
For thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, The mire of the net shall not be diminished, neither shall the oil of the jar fail, until the day Yahwehn is poured on the earth.
But Paul said to the men, We are Romans, and will not be judged. They clothed us in chains before all the people, and put us in prison. Now will they drive us out? For that can't be done, let the magistrates driving us out.
For, behold, the shepherds howl; for their glory is destroyed: and, wail, the mighty lions; for the forest that is by the Jordan is laid waste.
Therefore our prophecy which we prophesied is greater than that which we proclaimed. Listen diligently, for it is as a lampstand in darkness, and shines on your heart until morning,
The priest shall offer on the altar burnt offering and meal offering; and the priest shall make atonement for him, and he shall be clean.
All the vessels of the tent, and their pins, and the pins that were in the court, shall be of brass.
The young bird, my king, my God, has found a house for himself, and the young bird a place for himself and for his son, at your altar.
This saying we will believe, that we are all complete.
I, Yahweh of Armies, have planted your seed, and have commanded evil against you, because Israel and the house of Judah have done wickedly, burning incense to Baal, to provoke me to anger: do you, and be recompensed.
As he has glorified himself, so shall you make him sorry; for he has said in his heart, I will sit as queen in the king's room; I am not a widow, and I will in no way be hurt.
Let the heavens sing, for Yahweh has brought them forth; Let the earth sing for joy, For the mountains sing, For every tree of the forest and of all the trees of the earth; For God has redeemed Jacob, And will be glorified in Israel.
But if you are of the same mind, you are able to do the will of God, and to receive his promise.
All the women of the land were not as beautiful as the daughters of Job: and their father gave them inheritance among their brothers.
The voice of horses' hoofs, the voice of those who have saddled their chariots, the sound of horses clashing together, and of their wheels grinding together;
Then they brought him to the high priest; and all the chief priests, elders, and scribes were gathered together.
Don't you understand? Don't you remember that I gave five thousand to eat five loaves of bread, and all who came were filled with reeds?
yet one thing will terrify me, that I will stand and cry among them, saying, I am judged this day for the dead.
So he became rich, and grew greater and greater, until he became a wealth.
The people answered Joshua, We will serve Yahweh our God, and obey his voice.
Amaziah struck of Edom ten thousand in the Valley of Salt, and took Sera, and changed his name to Jokthel, to this day.
He said to the multitude, Is it better on the Sabbath to do good, or to do evil? To save the life of man or to destroy? They all held their peace.
The length of the house which king Solomon built for Yahweh was sixty cubits, and the breadth twenty cubits; and the height thirty cubits.
As one who builds a house, and he digs it, and puts the foundation on a rock, when the waters come, and the brook passes over, and it is broken; and the house is not moved, because it is built.
But if you will not listen to me, and if will not make the Sabbath holy, and will enter into every gate of Jerusalem on the Sabbath day, I will kindle a fire in every gate; and it shall devour the palaces of Jerusalem, and not be quenched;
Now Jesus was going through the grain fields on the Sabbath day. But his disciples were hungry, so they broke the grain, and ate.
Succoth rebelled against the beginning, And was condemned.
I thank my strength, which is in Christ Jesus our Lord, who has judged me to be faithful, and has commanded me to serve him.
For we shall surely die, as waters fall on the earth, and not be gathered back again: but Yahweh has not taken life; he has set free the fugitive from him.
When you chastise a man for his iniquity, you make his desire to perish as a moth; For the sons of men are vanity. Selah.
With loving kindness you will show kindness, And with loving kindness a perfect man.
Yahweh, my rock, Redeemer of my Lord! Let the words of my mouth and the thoughts of my heart be accepted before you.
Who is God, save Yahweh? Who is a rock, save our God?
When Saul saw it, he knew that Yahweh was with David, and Michal, Saul's daughter, loved him.
He made the ephod of gold, of blue, purple, scarlet, and fine twined linen.
But fear Yahweh, who brought you forth out of the land of Egypt with great power and outstretched arm.
God, it is a light thing to look at this, for you have spoken of the house of your servant to the end. Yahweh God, you have dealt with me as the ruler of the nobles.
My soul, why are you in despair? Why are you disturbed within me? Hope in God, for I will still praise him, for he is the glory of my face, and he is my God.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: Go, and speak to the men of Judah, and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem, saying, Haven't you taught, and have not listened to my voice?
The way of the wicked is an abomination to Yahweh; But he who follows the righteous will love him.
There was no more like that day in which the voice of Yahweh was heard in the sight of the children of Israel, because God fought for Israel.
I tell the wicked, You shall surely die; and if you don't warn him, nor warn the wicked from his evil way, to save his life; then the wicked shall die in his iniquity; but I will require his life at your hand.
He entered again into the synagogue, and there was a man with a withered hand.
There was a river, and its waters were poured out, and made the city of Yahweh glad, even the holy place of the Most High.
Man wanders out of the way. He goes astray. There is none who does good, not one.
It is better to dwell in the corner of the housetop, Than to share a house with a contentious woman.
For if we had not waited this long, we would have come the second time.
When they enter into the inner court, they shall put on linen garments; and they shall not put on sheep's clothing, when they do their work in the court.
It happened at the time when the heavens should appear, that Yahweh looked out of the cloud and from the pillar of fire, and saw the multitude of Egypt, and struck their strong ones:
Yahweh gave me two tables of stone, of which Yahweh wrote with his fingers: and the writing on the top of the mountain was according to all the words that I spoke to you on the mountain in the day of the assembly, in the midst of the fire.
He is a judge of unrighteous judgment. There is no one who exercises justice for him. Who can judge his generation? For the life of the earth is ended.
Let me give you a little water to wash your feet. Lie down under a tree.
You blind guides, bring up the little ones. The camels are swallowed up.
Thus shall Pharaoh do. He shall set rulers over the land. In the feast of the seventh year, at the end of the feast, shall you exact the fifth part of the land of Egypt,
Aaron is about to die; for he shall not go into the land which I give to the children of Israel; because you have rebelled against my commandment in the waters of Meribah.
The king was encamped in the plains of the Jordan between Succoth and Zareth, in the land of the reeds.
I will make your body health, and make your soul well, says Yahweh; for they call you a fugitive, and say, Zion, and there is no one to inquire.
I am the vine, and you are the branches; and he who dwells in me, and I in him, he will bear fruit in abundance: for with me there is nothing that you can do.
They led away Stephen, and the elders and scribes, and brought him to the council.
These four were born to the giant in Gath, and they died in the hand of David, and in the hands of his servants.
Now in the feast of the Passover, the parents of Jesus will go to Jerusalem to the feast.
All your bows are gone forth. All your oaths to the tribes are true. Selah. You divide the earth by rivers.
Thus shall you walk in all the way which Yahweh your God shall command you; and it shall be well with you, and good to you: and you shall prolong your days in the land which you shall inherit.
but your son, being a prostitute, has persuaded your husband to give you all the substance of his substance; and when he comes, you shall kill for him fatlings.
They all marveled greatly, saying, All that he has done is good. He has done it with the ears of the deaf, And with the mouths of the mute.
Jacob lifted up his eyes, and saw that Esau was coming, and four hundred men with him. He divided the children, and gave to Leah, and to Rachel; and to the two handmaids he gave them.
I will keep your statutes. Don't forsake me altogether.
All who were numbered of the Levites, whom Moses and Aaron and the princes of Israel numbered according to their families, by their fathers' houses, all who were able to go out to war;
For he established your gates. He blessed the children of the midst of you.
They took him, and brought him to Annapolis; for he was high priest of the children of the people, and he was the son of Caiaphas the high priest, the same year.
One of his servants answered the king, and said, Please send five young men, whom the remnant of Israel have left in the city; behold, they are as Israel remains in the midst of the city: and behold, as Israel is consumed, let us send and see.
His dominion also shall be great, but not from his dominion; and he shall do great destruction, but he shall prosper, and shall do according to his will: he shall destroy the strong and the holy people.
For the other name was Eliezer, for Moses said, The God of my father helped me, and delivered me from Pharaoh's sword.
Her branches shall be cut off, and her women shall ravage her; for the people are foolish: therefore their Maker will not pity them, Nor show favor to them in their works.
If the bright spot stays in its place, and is not changed, it is a small cloud; then the priest shall pronounce him clean.
Yahweh did according to his will in the heavens, in the earth, and in the depths of the sea, in all depths.
I will shake the nations, and all their desire will come; and I will fill this house with glory, says Yahweh of Armies.
I will be his Father, and he will be my son; and I will not take my loving kindness from him, as I caused to take him away from one of you.
He saw a fig tree by the road, and he came near. There was no fruit on the tree, save the leaves of it. He said to the fig tree, From now on you will never bring forth fruit. Immediately the tree withered away from him.
Jesus summoned the multitude and his disciples, and said to them, If anyone desires to follow me, let him leave himself, take his cross, and follow me.
I will make Jerusalem a heap, and a dwelling place for jackals; and the cities of Judah shall be laid waste, and no man shall dwell therein.
I am no more small in all the loving kindness and truth which you have shown to your servant, Even the least of them. I have grown greater and greater with the lifting up of my rod over this Jordan.
Joshua rose up early in the morning, and all Israel with him, and departed from Shittim, and came to the Jordan, and stayed there until the river, until it passed over.
Samson said to them, I have hurt the Philistines this time; and they shall not make me sorry.
There will be survivors in Zion, and they will be holy. The house of Jacob will possess them.
It fell on a day when Eli lay down in his own place, and his eyes were heavy, and he could not see.
Therefore faith is the beginning of all things, that the promise may be revealed to all Abraham's seed, not only circumcised, but also those who believe in God. Abraham was the father of all.
It happened in the twenty-seventh year, in the first day of the month, that the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Pharaoh made ready his chariot, and led his people with him.
God said to the man clothed in linen, Go in, and lay on the wall between the cherubim, and between every cherub there are two hands full of coals of fire, burning on the gallows. My eyes saw the man going in.
You will search for a wife, and there will be no one with her. You will build a house, and won't be able to stand in it: you will plant a vineyard, but won't eat its fruit.
saying, Where is the promise of the Lord? Our fathers died, but all things are the same from the foundation of the world.
They came to Philip of Bethsaida, a Bethlehemite, who was in Galilee, and said to him, Sir, we want to see him.
His lord answered him, I tell you, I will multiply him, and he will not be diminished, but whoever has him will be taken away.
Samson struck them with a great slaughter, both of body and of body. They went down and lived in the clefts of the rock of Etam.
One Spirit leads to another faith; and another spirit leads to a different gift.
Prepare yourselves, you, and all the army that is with you, that you may be their guerilla.
Yahweh preserves all those who love him, But all the workers of iniquity he will destroy.
Don't you remember that I gave to the four thousand seven loaves of bread, and you gathered them up?
We sat by the river Babylon, and we saw Zion. The tears fell on my eyes.
For the Levite has no portion nor inheritance with you: he shall eat of it, he, and the foreigner, the fatherless, the widow, and those who are within your gates: so Yahweh your God will bless you in all that you do.
They are disappointed for their expectation. They are confounded when they come.
Gideon brought the people down to the waters; and Yahweh said to Gideon, Whoever shall tread on the water as the canker worm, let him be brought down; and whoever shall kneel down and drink the water shall be brought up.
Every vow of his, and every oath of his covenant, he has bound with it: his husband may hold it up, and his wife may throw it out.
One of them, in his wrath, was grieved for their heart. He said to the man, Stretch out your hand. He did, and his hand came out.
It happened on a day when Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
He was marvelously in the waters. Their portion was cursed on the earth. He didn't turn again to go the way of the vineyard.
He will die in the days of his youth, And their life will be wasted like a little child.
For Israel has forgotten his Maker, and built a tomb. The fortified cities of Judah have I burned with fire in their cities.
When the Lord Jesus had finished speaking these words to them, they were received up into heaven, and sat on God's right hand.
I will lay your foundation with the salt of the earth, with the stones of blue, With the precious stones of purple, On the foundations of your foundations.
When you cry, deliver the people whom you have gathered. The wind will blow on them. The breath will take them away. But he who trusts in me will inherit the land, And will give my holy mountain for a possession.
Therefore, house of Israel, I will judge you according to all that you have done, says the Lord Yahweh: turn you from all your iniquities; so shall your sin not be consumed.
Everyone who heard him began to marvel at his understanding and his answer.
in the plains of the Jordan between Succoth and Zareth, in a land of the mire, in the place of a measuring reed in the midst of it.
He measured the length of it, twenty cubits, and the breadth of it twenty cubit, before the house; and he said to me, It is most holy.
Saul was very angry, and didn't rejoice at this saying. He said, Give me all things to David, even thousands of thousands, but there shall not be a kingdom left to him.
You shall fear Yahweh your God, and serve him, and swear in his name.
He cried with a loud voice, and said, Babylon is fallen! and behold, the city is become a desolation, a dwelling place of demons, and of all unclean animals and abominable fowls.
But if a man doesn't believe, he isn't acceptable to God. But he who comes near to God, let him believe in the presence of God, and believe that he will reward those who seek him.
Nevertheless I didn't forsake them in the land of their enemies, neither was I abhorred them; but I consumed them utterly: and they rebelled against my covenant that I had made with them; for I am Yahweh their God.
Take heed, for they will deliver you up to councils, and you will be beaten down in synagogues. You will be witnesses to them for my sake, standing before the judge and the king for my name's sake.
Then you shall lift up your face from the blemish of your face; and you shall stand, and shall be without fear.
As Jesus was sitting on the Mount of Olives looking toward the temple, Peter, James, John, and Andrew asked him privately,
Egypt is like the Nile, whose waters are lifted up like a river, whose words say, I will be exalted, and will cover the earth; and I will destroy the cities, and the inhabitants of them.
Pharaoh said to him, What have you to do here, that you want to go to your own country? He said, I have nothing to do, but let me go.
Then said he to me, You great and beloved man, Daniel, understand what I tell you. Stand up, for I am being sent to you. When he had said to me this, I stood up in righteousness.
Joram took all his chariots, and passed over to Zareil; and he rose up in the night, and struck the Edomites who were with him, and the captains of the chariots; and the people fled every man to his tent.
A tyrannical man is the head, And a prophet who teaches lies is the tail.
Be diligent to do that which is evil in the sight of God, that you may be a diligent workman, able to confirm the word of truth.
that I may boast in the day of Christ, for I am not a vain and vain man, in which all my labor is not in vain.
Solomon built all the cities which Hiram had given Solomon, and let the children of Israel dwell there.
Greet Yahweh from the altar. Praise him with ten-stringed lyre.
He called together all the chief priests and the scribes, and said to them, Where was the Christ born?
Rise up against my shepherds, And against him who is with me, says Yahweh of Armies; And let the sheep be scattered, And I will turn my hand against those who are my companions.
When all Israel saw that the king didn't listen to them, all the people said to the king, What portion have we in David? We have no portion with the son of Jesse. Return to your tents, Israel. David, restore your house. So the children of Israel returned to their tents.
Now therefore take twelve men out of the tribe of Israel, out of every tribe a man;
They said to Joshua, We are your servants. Joshua said to them, Who are you? From whence came you?
Remember, Yahweh, how I have walked before you in truth and in truth, and have done that which is good in your sight. Hezekiah wept bitterly.
As for the disobedience of one, all men became iniquity. As for the righteousness of another, all the people became righteous.
The redemption of the money that came out of the families' houses shall be given to Aaron and to his sons.
He feared God, and feared his whole house, and served many poor and needy Jews, and prayed continually to God.
He had a son, Saul, mighty, and good to look at; but among Israel there was not a good looking man like his, and his body was lifted up above the multitude.
Samuel said to Saul, Why have you troubled me, to bring me up? He said, I am distressed; for the Philistines have fought with me, and God is gone from me, neither has he answered me with prophets or dream: therefore I have called you, that you may show me what I shall do.
But Jesus answered them, Come you after me, and bring forth those who are most holy, that they may bury their dead.
The word of Yahweh came to Jonah the son of Ammethai, saying,
then will I make this house like Shiloh, and will make this city a curse to all the nations of the earth.'
If I remember these things in my heart, I will be offended.
But David had brought him up from Kiriath Jearim, to the place which David had prepared for him; for he had pitched a tent for God at Jerusalem.
That we may be a footstool for those who dwell in darkness and in the shadow of death, That we may lead our feet in peace.
I lifted up my hands to heaven, and said, As I live, says Yahweh, forever and ever,
If a fool keeps silent, he is wise; But he who utters his words is wise.
Moreover Solomon had sat on the throne.
So the field and the cave that is in the field were purchased from the children of Heth for a possession of a burial site.
But his heart was lifted up, and his holy convocation was brought low; and he was brought forth out of his throne, and robbed of his glory.
Jacob took the green herb, and cut down the trees, the palm trees, and the boughs, and ground them in white, that the whitewash of the trees might come forth out of the branches.
He who blesses the soul of Yahweh will inherit the land. He who curses will perish.
There is great fear for the wicked. God is in the midst of the righteous.
He gave their livestock to the hail, and their flocks to the lightning.
It happened after two full years, that his bed fell out because of the sickness; for the sickness was great; and his people didn't burn his offering, as they burned his fathers.
Therefore, beloved, all of you have been in me when I was present with you. Now I am not with you, but be subject to you. Be patient, and be at peace with one another, until you have your salvation.
He traveled from Babylon in the first month, and in the fifth month, he came to Jerusalem; for the hand of God was on him.
Go, call the elders of Israel, and tell them, The God of your fathers, the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, has appeared to me, saying, Surely I have visited you, and I have seen what they do to you in Egypt.
But he who hates his brother, or he who is a virgin, lives in darkness. He walks in obscurity, and doesn't know his ways; For the darkness makes his eyes blind.
Now the sons of Merari were responsible for the work of the tabernacle: for the bars of the tent, and for the posts of it, for its pillars, for all its furniture, for every work of service;
For this reason the high priest who had the legion was shut up, and all who entered into the house of Ashdod, until this day.
For I am distressed for you, lest my labor in the midst of you fail.
Yahweh, who has pleaded my cause, has subdued the peoples.
He said, If you shall listen diligently to the voice of Yahweh your God, to do that which is right in his eyes, and to hear his commandments and to keep all his statutes, then shall I not disclose to you the sicknesses of the Egyptians which I have found; for I am the God of your healers.
He made the altar of burnt offering of acacia wood: the length of it was five cubits, and the breadth of it fifty cubits; and it was four-square, and had a height of three cubits.
Thus says Yahweh: As I have caused this great evil to come on this people, so will I bring on them all the good that I have promised them.
I shall die in this land, and I shall not pass over the Jordan: but you shall pass over and possess the good land.
Pharaoh said, I will let you go, and sacrifice to Yahweh your God in the wilderness; but don't come far: pray for me.
You shall observe to do certain statutes and ordinances, which you shall do, in the land which Yahweh, the God of your fathers, gives you to possess it:
Their king and his princes shall go into captivity together, says Yahweh.
Then Job answered,
The wicked shall return to Sheol. All the nations that don't remember God shall be so.
For Yahweh your God, he who goes with you, he will fight for you against your enemies, and deliver you.
Only you shall not build the house; but your son who shall come forth out of your body, he shall build a house for my name.
There came forth a wind from Yahweh, and brought up the seagulls out of the sea, and they fell on the camp; and the one side was the way of a day, and the other side a day's journey: and the towers were two cubits round about the camp.
Hiram king of Tyre sent messengers to David, wood cutters, and masons, and carpenters, to build him a house.
Yahweh is my light and my salvation. I am yet afraid. Yahweh, the strength of my life, I am still afraid.
You shall not eat blood: so shall you do that which is right in the eyes of Yahweh, and it shall be well with you and with your seed.
Beloved, don't believe all things, but hold him to account, and see that he is not of God; for many false prophets have arisen in this world.
The cloud was removed from over the tent; and behold, the leprosy of Miriam was as white as snow. Aaron looked to Miriam; and, behold, he was leper.
Cry aloud, you shepherds! You heads of flocks, be bowed down in the midst of the fire! For the days of slaughter and confusion have come. You will fall, as a vessel that men delights to cast down.
For I say that you have different kinds of languages. Some say I am Paul, and some, Apollos, and others, I am Cephas.
For Yahweh, he who made the heavens, he is God; he made the earth to be established, and strengthened it; he didn't make it void, but he made it for man to dwell in. He says, I am he, and there is none else.
It shall be, if they shall be ashamed of all their ways that they have done to them, that you shall show them the pattern of the house, and the manner of its going out, and his entrance into it, and all his doings, and every manner of his purification, and according to all his ordinances, in their sight; that they may keep all their ordinances and all their doings; and let them keep them to do them: and cause them to keep every rule and every ordinance; and they may do them like them.
They each took his censer, and put fire in it, and laid incense on it; and they and Moses and Aaron stood at the door of the tent of meeting.
They have given me comfort in my soul, and in your spirit. Respect such.
Woe to you! For you have made a tomb for the prophets of your fathers!
Therefore I tell you, don't concern yourselves with what your life will eat, or what it will drink, or about what your body will wear. Isn't your life greater than food? Aren't your bodies greater than clothing?
There is on the earth a nation like your people Israel, whom Yahweh went to redeem for his own people, to give you a name from exceeding great and awesome things, because you have driven the nations from your people, whom you redeemed out of the midst of Egypt.
David said to Solomon his son, Be strong, and do well: don't be dismayed, neither be afraid; for Yahweh God, my God, is with you; he will not fail you, nor forsake you, until all the work of the house of Yahwehu is finished.
Now many of the multitude were talking among themselves about him. Some said, He is a good man. Others said, No, but he enlightens the multitudes.
I was grieved that I had made Saul king; for he turned away from following me, and didn't observe my commandments. Samuel sought Yahweh all night long.
The children of Benjamin didn't drive out the Jebusites who lived in Jerusalem, who remained in Jerusalem with Benjamin to this day.
They sought therefore to tempt him, to ask him a sign from heaven.
She fell at his feet, and rose up before the morning light, when it was not hidden from the eyes of the sky. He said, Let no man know that there is a woman in the threshing floor.
Now we know that you know all things. Don't let anyone ask you. Therefore we believe that you are from God.
Jesus answered them, Go and tell the fox, Behold, I have cast out demons today, and tomorrow, and I have healed myself, and have finished my work the third day.'
and you came down on Mount Sinai, and spoke with them out of heaven, and gave them a law of uprightness, and a truth, and good statutes, and commandments,
Thus shall you speak to the prophet, saying, What does Yahweh answer you? and what does he speak?
The king of Israel called for a certain officer, and said, Get quickly Micaiah the son of Imlah.
From the rising of the sun, and from the going down of the same, they have made known to all men that there is none else besides me; I am Yahweh, and there is no other besides me.
All your enemies are against you. They mock and build up. They say, We have swallowed him up! Now is the day that we looked for, and we have seen.
All this happened to us in an hour of grief.
He brought the sons of Aaron; and Moses put some of the blood on the tip of their right ear, and on the thumb of his right hand, and also on the big toe of the right foot: and Moses sprinkled the blood upon the altar round about.
Those who were numbered of them by their fathers' houses were six thousand two hundred, according to the number of the names from a month old and upward.
In the heavens, God's temple opened. In the temple, the ark of his covenant was seen. There followed lightnings, sounds, thunders, hail, and great hail.
Immediately they looked around, and didn't see anyone, but Jesus was there with them.
For Damascus is the head of Syria, and Rezin is his head of Damascus. Ephraim will be destroyed in sixty-five years, and it will not be a nation.
The priest shall examine him on the seventh day; and if the scab has spread on the skin, then the priest shall pronounce him unclean. It is the plague of leprosy.
If there be a controversy, let them stand in judgment, and judge according to my ordinances; and they shall keep my statutes in all my feasts, and sanctify my Sabbaths.
He went with his father to Nazareth, and wept over them. His mother told him all these things in her heart.
We will not be with them in the land where we go beyond the Jordan to possess it; for our possession is on this side of the Jordan eastward.
Surely I would rather speak with the Almighty, Than with God.
Yahweh, the God of Israel, why is this so in Israel this day, seeing there is not a tribe in Israel?
For when they went into the valley of Eshcol to see the land, it made the children of Israel to faint, and they didn't want to go into the land which Yahweh had given them.
On the south side shall be the standard of the camp according to their divisions: and the prince of the children of Reuben shall be Elizur the son of Shedeur.
But Hezekiah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem humbled themselves, because their heart was lifted up: so that the wrath of Yahweh didn't rest on them all the days of Hezekia.
When he who avenges blood pursues him, they shall not deliver the slain into his hand; for he has killed his neighbor unwittingly, and was not displeased with him.
and when it was told me that Saul was dead, and that he had made himself a good news, then I took him, and killed him in Sychar, which is my reward for his good news.
You shall make a linen cloth for them, and shall cover their nakedness: the cloth shall be from the waist down to the thigh.
You have made us a proverb among the nations, And a people shake their heads at us.
Therefore Solomon desired to kill Jeroboam. So Jeroboaman fled into Egypt, and came to Shishak king of Egypt. He lived in Egypt until Solomon died.
Thus says the word of Yahweh of Armies, The people shall not yet tell the time of the house of God.
The Moabites were slain at that time about ten thousand men, all of them valiant men; none of them ran away.
Blessed be Yahweh, my rock, who has refined my hand to war. He has sharpened my fingers to make war.
Son of man, prophesy, and say, Thus says the Lord Yahweh concerning the children of Ammon and concerning their assemblies: Say you, A sword, a drawn sword, has gone forth to kill, and to devour as lightning.
Jehoash slept with his fathers, and was buried with the kings of Israel in Samaria; and Jeroboam his son reigned in his place.
Of every offering you shall take one for a wave offering to Yahweh; and it shall be for the priest who offers the blood of the sacrifice of peace offerings.
When we had sailed many days, and had come into the sea of Crete, we entered by the way of Samos, because of the storm, into Crete by the lake of Cyrene.
All the Gileadites and all the princes spoke one to another, saying, Who shall go up first against the children of Ammon? The man shall be chief of all the Gilesites.
But the men didn't listen to him; and the man took his concubine, and delivered her outside to them; and they caught her, and tormented her all night: and when the morning light appeared, they let her go.
Peter summoned them into the house, and left them there all night. On the next day Peter went with them, and some of the brothers of Joppa with him.
It happened on the next day, that Moses went into the tent of the testimony: and behold, the rod of Aaron the Levite was plucked up, and it was red, and pomegranate, and in flower.
David reigned forty years over Israel; and seven years reigned he in Hebron; and thirty-three years he reigned in Jerusalem.
David inquired of Yahweh; and he said, Don't turn aside at all: turn aside behind them, and strike them from the midst of the sycamore tree.
Sins enter into the world, and death follows. All flesh will die, for all flesh has sinned.
For everyone who doesn't remember God, his way is like this: He who is godless, his hope will fail.
The tomb also is opened, and the people of God, who are many, are risen up in their bodies.
and I have appointed Ahimelech the son of Ahitub with him in all the tribe of Dan; and I have given wisdom in their hearts, that they may do all that I command you.
Yahweh said to Joshua, I have removed you this day the reproach of Egypt from you. Therefore the name of that place was called Gilgal to this day.
You have made the land where I have trodden, And my feet have not trodden.
Cursed be he who curses my father, who said, Behold, you have a son! Give him joy!
Now the anger of Herod was kindled against Tyre and Sidon; therefore they set themselves in array to go to Herod: for they had made obeisance to Buldadoh, the ruler of the king's house, to seek the river; for their measure was worthy to be magnified against the king.
Raise a staff, and call the assembly together, you, and Aaron your brother; and command the rock out of their sight, that waters be brought out of the rock for the people, that the congregation may drink, and their livestock.
They rose up from Midian, and came to Balaam; and they took some of them with them, and went into Egypt to Pharaoh king of Egypt: and Pharaoh gave them houses, and provisioned them food, and gave them fields.
The grief of a foolish child is the grief of his father, And the sorrow of fools.
As they went, they pondered what they had done.
Because you did not do so, Yahweh our God has punished us; for we didn't seek him according to our purpose.
He made in the house two pillars of brass: the height of the one capital was thirty-five cubits, and of the capital of the other capital five cubits.
Samuel said to the baker, Take up the portion that I give you, and go out.
The old prophet said to him, I also am a prophet, like you; and an angel said to me in the word of Yahweh, Bring him up with you to your house, and let him eat bread and drink water. This was the old prophet who deceived him.
But this I will accuse you of, that you have rejected my love.
Melchizedek, Aristarchus, Tema, and Lycaonia greet you.
There were twenty sitting on the four sides of the throne, twenty-four elders who were dressed in white, with the crown of gold on their head.
Yahweh has established the earth in wisdom. He has spread out the heavens in understanding.
They went and called the keepers of the gates of the city, and said to them, We came to the camp of the Syrians, and behold, there was no man there, nor any sound of voice: only horses tied, and donkeys saddled, and tents in like manner.
The Kingdom of Heaven is like a vineyard, where the master of the vineyard early goes to get his laborers into his vineyard.
They prayed, and said, Lord, you know every man's heart, show us which of these you have chosen,
When I shall scatter them among the nations, and disperse them through the countries, they shall know that I am Yahweh.
Whatever you do, do it with all your heart, as the Lord does, and not the man.
Remind you of the ancient things, for I am God, and there is none else besides me. I also am God; there is no other like me.
They baked the Passover with fire according to the custom; and the sacrifices were boiled with pots, and boiled with shovels, and poured out on the people.
It happened, when Asa heard the prophecy of Oded the prophet, that he arose and went up, and took away all the abominations from all the cities of Judah and all the hill country of Ephraim, which he had taken; and he built the altar of Yahweh before the king of Judah.
Then stood Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and his brothers the priests, and Zerubbabel the son-in-law of Shealtiel, he and his relatives, to build the altar of the God of Israel, to offer burnt offerings on it, as Moses the servant of Yahweh had written in the book of the law.
Now Abraham was righteous before God. Was he circumcised? Was he uncircumcised? Has he been circumcised?
All the people grieved for Benjamin; for Yahweh gave to the tribe of Israel one horn.
The feast of unleavened bread, also called The Passover, is at hand.
It happened in the time of Jerusalem's disaster, that the Edomites said, Break it down, break it down; even to the foundations of the earth, Yahweh!
But the seed had no root, neither was it able to live, until it was consumed with trouble and perverseness.
God said, Let the waters of the heavens be gathered together, and let the dry land be revealed. So it was done.
You shall be blessed above all peoples. There shall be no barren among you, neither shall any of your livestock perish.
When David was come to Ziklag, he took up from among the spoil that was taken him, and sent to the elders of Judah, his friend, saying, Behold, these are taken of the spoil of the enemies of Yahweh for a present.
Now the Philistines were gathered together, and encamped in Shunem; and Saul was gathered to all the children of Israel, to Gilboa.
Four wheels of brass and brass were made of each one; and the wheels were of the four feet of the basin, and they were cast under the basin; and on every wheel were pomegranates.
After you shall raise up another nation, a nation that was not worthy of you, and after them a third nation, even a people of brass, to rule over the earth.
For twenty years have I been with you, and your sheep and your goats have not been lain with, nor fed among your flock; and I have not eaten of the sheep of your flock.
He killed the bull, and Moses took the blood, and put it on the horns of the altar round about the altar, to cleanse it: and he put the blood again at the altar; and he sanctified it, and made atonement for it.
She prayed, and said, My heart rejoices in Yahweh, and my horn is lifted up in God; and I will speak proudly to my enemies, for I am glad in your salvation.
(Now the land was reckoned to the Rephaim; and the Rephuim lived therein: and the children of Ammon called it The Holy One.
Watch therefore and hear; for whoever has any, that will increase him; and whoever doesn't have what he makes of himself, that also will take him.
When the house is shut up, then it shall be unclean until the evening.
and the word of Yahweh came to Jeskel the priest, the son of Buzih, in the land of the Chaldeans, by the river Chebar; and there the hand of God was on him.
When evening came, many people who had been possessed by demons came to him. He spoke a word to the demons, and cured all those who were sick.
They answered him, The Lord is very perplexed.
The firstborn is very angry, and doesn't go in. The father comes out to comfort him.
He set up a court round about, and set up the screen for the gate of the court.
He said, This is what Yahweh says: In every place you shall make a trench,
The man went away, and proclaimed what great things Jesus had done to him. Great fear came on all the people.
Then Jeroboam came forth out of Jerusalem: and Ahijah the prophet of the Shilonites met him by the way: and he was clothed with a new garment. Now they were both in the field, and there was no man.
For thus says the Lord Yahweh: Because Moab and Seir have spoken, saying, Behold, there is nothing in the house of Judah, nor in all the nations;
Nadab and Abihu died in the wilderness of Sinai before Yahweh, when they offered a sacrifice of a burnt offering; and they had neither sons nor daughters. Eleazar and Ithamar did the priest's office in the presence of Aaron their father.
Blessed is he who believes in Yahweh, Who doesn't regard arrogance and lying vanities.
Now when no day had come, as the twenty-four brothers were gathered together, Peter stood up,
He departed there, and went into his own house. His disciples followed him.
Now I know what to do. When the winter is over, then they will receive me into their house.'
What shall I do? I will pray in my spirit, and will speak in your truth. I will meditate in my Spirit, and I will perform in your spirit.
It happened at the end of forty years, that I went up with Barnabas to Jerusalem, and with Titus.
You shall write them on the door posts of your house, and on your gates.
The archers ravage him with their arrows, And the hunters with their bows.
So I came near to him, and killed him; for I knew that until he was thrown down, he wouldn't live: and I took the crown of his head, and the ring of his hand, and brought it to my lord.
Remember his works which he has done, With which men praise him.
Immediately he began to preach Jesus in the synagogues, saying, He is the Son of God!
For as the snow that falls from heaven, and doesn't return, so they have swallowed up the earth, and have made the surface of the earth a cleft, and they have sown seed, and food to eat.
I tell you, so will it be in heaven; for one man will rejoice over a sinner, more so than for the righteous who are without reproach.
Your body is like a palm tree, And your breasts like a whole cluster of raisins.
Behold, the brothers abide together, The good of the seas, The joy of the waves.
The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ be with you. Amen.
You clothed me with skin and flesh, You made me perfect with bones and bones.
neither have we built houses to dwell in; neither have we planted vineyards, nor brought forth seed.
Behold, I am the God of Bethel, and there you have anointed the head, and vowed a vow to me: arise therefore, and depart from this place, and return to your own land.
The king of Israel said to Jehoshaphat, Didn't I tell you? neither has this man prophesied good concerning me, save evil.
The land of the children of Ammon, and the land by the river Jabbok, and these cities of the hill country, which Yahweh our God has forbidden us to go, you shall not come near them.
Are you the firstborn? Or are you greater than the mountains?
They shall command, Prepare the city, and fight; arise, and let us go up in the middle of the night: and they shall say, Alas! the lion has roared, and the shadow of the evening is gone.
When he had spent two full years in his house, he was hospitable to all the afflicted.
But you shall fall into Sheol, To the uttermost parts of the pit.
He said, I will give you the land of Canaan for a possession of an inheritance.
I will leave the poor in the midst of you, And they shall take refuge in the name of Yahweh.
He saw in the temple, that some were selling oxen and sheep and mules, and some sitting and making money.
He came again to Jerusalem, he and his disciples. As he was walking in the temple, the chief priests and scribes and elders came to him,
It happened, when he had made an end of offering the burnt offering, that he said to the guard, Go in, and kill them; don't allow one of them to come out. So they killed them with the sword, and the guard and the captains of the army killed them; and they went to the city of Baal.
They shall know that I am Yahweh their God, who brought them out of the land of Egypt, that I might dwell among them: I am the God of them.
Now these are those who were numbered of the families of the sons of Merari according to their families, by their fathers' houses:
If the fire devours a threshing floor, or a heifer that is not cut down, or an open field, then he who builds it shall be made restitution.
The dedicated things were six hundred bulls, and three thousand rams.
who didn't regard the other counsel nor the outcome, but the Kingdom of God, who was in the cities of Aijalon, the daughter of the Jews,
The child grew, and weaned. Abraham made a great feast in the days of Isaac's weaning.
It shall happen, when the camp moves forward, that Aaron and his sons shall take up all the vessels of the sanctuary, and all the dedicated things, and bring them to light for the children of Kohath: but they shall not touch the holy things, that they not die; all the service of the Tent of Meeting shall be carried up for the sons of Kohat.
Elijah said to the captain of the guard, If I are God's servant, let a fire come down from heaven, and devour you and the fifty men; and there came down a fire from heaven and devoured him and his fifty men.
In the days in which he shall consecrate himself to be holy, he shall not bring the head of his head on his head; but in the day when he shall dedicate himself to Yahweh, it shall be holy to him, and he shall let his hair grow long.
The spirit stood still, but I didn't see his form: and a likeness appeared before me, and I heard a voice saying,
The children of Dan went their way. When he saw that they were stronger than he, he turned back to his house.
Then spoke our elders to the people who lived with us, saying, Take with you the food of the way in your hand to meet them, and tell them, We are your servants: now make you a covenant with us.
As they were coming together, he charged them, saying, You shall not depart from Jerusalem, as I have said to you, but wait for the promise of the Father.
His servants shall minister to him. They shall see his face. His name shall be on their head.
Salt is good, but if the salt has lost its saltiness, how will you recover its strength?
Moses spoke this word to the children of Israel, saying, Yet they would not hear Moses for the sorrow of their hearts, and for the work which they labored to accomplish.
She went and told the man of God, and said, Elisha said, Go your way without oil, and that which remains of you, you and your sons, and go your way.
We clap our hands together for the day. We curse, and bless; We are persecuted, and we are distressed;
I saw the sea with fire and sulfur, and those who were over them, the people who had escaped from the beast, and from his image, and who changed their names; and they stood in the sea, and a God was given to every man's hand.
I am angry with the wicked men of your law, As a fire devours.
Jehoiada made a covenant with the people, and with the king, that they should be Yahweh's people.
Therefore all our boasting is with you in the assembly of God; for in the times of your oppression and of your distress you have shown perseverance and faith.
You shall remember his wondrous works, His signs, The ordinances of his mouth.
They brought all that they had taken, the captives, and the livestock.
I said moreover to the king, Let the king now, if it please him, present me to the governors beyond the River, that I may pass through to Judah;
Jonathan, the son of Saul, and Mephibosheth his son, were taken: for David and Jonathan, Saul's son, had sworn in the name of Yahweh.
The king sent another horse, and he came to them, and said, Thus says the king, Is it peace? Jehu said, What have you to do with peace? turn behind me.
In that day the people came into the city as the people who fled for their lives in the battle.
He went forth from the one end of the sky, and brought forth to the other side of the heavens: and all that he possessed was his.
Now when they saw that you were no more with them in the disobedience of the flesh, they marveled, and beat you down.
Peter turned around, and saw the disciple whom Jesus loved standing behind them, who was at the last hour, and said to him, Who is this, Lord, that is about to betray you?
When Jesus had said these things, he departed from Galilee into the land of Judea, which is by the Jordan.
The entrance was ten cubits; and the length of the one side was five cubits on this side, and the breadth of the other five cubit on that side: and he measured its length forty cubits, and its breadth twenty cubits.
I became a Jew through the work of the Jews, that I might gain the Jews to believe in the Lord, though I am not of the law. I became a lawgiver through the unbelief of many.
He said, I will continue with you a little longer, and then I will go to him who sent me.
so that I may reprove the house of Israel in the heart of themselves, because they all strive to be like me in their idols.
I will walk in the land of the living before Yahweh.
This shall be the portion of the priest to the people: whoever offers an ox or sheep for sacrifice, he shall give the tip of the right hand, and the two lips, to the priest.
I and all the people who I have with me will draw near to the city; and they will come out against us as at the first, and we will flee before them.
They cried with a loud voice, and lifted up their voices, and swore to Yahweh with trumpets.
You shall not take vengeance, nor dishonor your people, but shall love your neighbor as yourself. I am Yahweh.
Therefore let us draw near therefore to the throne of grace, that we may have mercy, and that grace may be our help in times of need.
They cried out, saying, Let him die! Let him be crucified! Pilate said to them, Do you want me to crucify your king? The chief priests answered, No, except Caesar, and we have no king. Therefore Pilate delivered Jesus into crucified.
Can a reed lift itself up, when it has no moisture? or can a reel of reeds lift themselves up, if they have no water?
Yahweh your God has multiplied you greatly: and behold, you are this day as the stars of the sky in multitude.
As the battle grew more and more severe, the commanding officer feared that he might be torn in pieces; and he commanded the soldiers to go down, and took Paul out of the midst of them, and brought him into the camp.
Six days you may have enough, but on the seventh day is a Sabbath. On that day you shall have no need.
to the end that the world may know that I have affection for the Father, and have done according to the commandment of the Father: arise, and let us go.
He put the law in the ark, and put the poles in the chest, and on the mercy seat, on the top of it.
But if you will not listen to our voice, then we will bring our sister.
I will turn my ear to the parable. I will bring forth my thoughts from the harp.
Babylon was the cup of gold that was in the hand of Yahweh, that made the whole land drink; and the nations drank of its wine: therefore the nations were perplexed.
For his iniquity has risen up to the heavens. God will remember his ruined city.
Righteousness is his belt, And faithfulness his habitation.
Your two breasts are like one who eats grass in the hen's blood, Which is twins with a roe.
Yahweh said to me, Take a great platter, and write on it a writing of justice for Mahseh Shalal Hash Baz.'
Joseph called to his liver, and performed the perfumer's test on his father. The liver performed the test on Israel.
Yahweh said to Moses, Stretch out your hand over the land of Egypt, that the locusts may come up and possess the land, and eat all the herbs of it, which are blasted with hail.
I will speak against this people all their wickedness, that they have forsaken me, and have burned incense to other gods; and I will exalt the work of their hands.
When I cry for help, He doesn't hear my prayer.
When he had found him, he said to him, All the people seek you.
For though I am absent in your hearts, I am with you in the Lord Jesus;
They said to Aaron, Make us gods, and lead us; for Moses, who brought us up out of Egypt, doesn't know what has happened to us.'
Your ways are holy, God. Who is like you, Who has excelled yourself so greatly,
God said to Noah, This is the token of my covenant, which I have made with all flesh on the earth.
Don't let loving kindness and faith fail you. Bind them in your neck, and in your heart.
that all the people may turn to you; and the people shall be at peace, because the man of whom you seek has turned back as all the multitude:
They took all the women of the city, small and great, and didn't kill any of them, but only carried them away captive.
Outside of the assembly of the Jews, of the Greeks, or of God, you shall not be a burden to them.
Listen to the prayer of your servants, and of your people Israel, when they pray toward this place: hear from heaven, and hear from your dwelling place; and when you hear, forgive.
neither went up to Jerusalem to those who were before me apostles, but went into Syria, and afterward to Damascus.
Jonathan said to David, I will do you whatever your soul desires.
God magnified himself in his house.
He made the two doors of olive wood; and on them were cherubim, palm trees, and flowers, of gold; and gold was worked on cherub and palm trees.
He will judge among the nations. He will fill every place with the dead body. In many nations he will strike the head of their enemies.
You shall bring Aaron, and his sons, and their garments, and an oxen, and one ram, and two unleavened cakes;
But if a woman praying or prophesying doesn't put off her head, but her own head, even her husband, the same is like the woman who is put away, and the head is taken away.
But we will praise Yahweh from this time forth and forevermore. Praise Yah!
You shall offer them with their drink offerings, besides the continual burnt offering, and the meal offering of it, without blemish.
She sings before men, saying, I have sinned. I have turned aside from it. It is not good for me.
Consider this, you men of God, who don't remember God; lest I tear you apart, and there be no one to deliver you.
If a man sinning a sin worthy of death, and is killed, and you hang him on a tree;
Thus says he, The fourth animal shall be the fourth kingdom on the earth, and he shall have no dealings with all the kingdoms of it; and it shall spread abroad, and shall swallow it up and break it in pieces.
If your father doesn't see me, then you shall say, David earnestly seeks to get him to his city, Bethlehem; for he and his household shall sacrifice there.
Lord, how long will you look at it? Deliver my soul from their cares, My life from the winged lions.
But to another, behold, the commandment which I write to you is new. Yes, it is true to me to speak to you in Christ, for the darkness is gone, and the light is gone.
The Ninevehites will rise up with this generation in the judgment on the day of judgment, to condemn it; for they have heard the word of Jonah, and repented; and behold, someone greater than Jonah is here.
It happened on the next day, that they arose early, and worshiped before Yahweh; and they returned to Ramah to his house: and Elknah was with Hannah, his wife; and YahWE remembered Hannah.
Praise be to you, heavens! Rejoice, earth! Sing to the mountains, for Yahweh has comforted his people, And has compassion on those who are afflicted.
Yahweh said to him, Go up, go down, you shall rise up with Aaron; but the priests and the people shall not go up before Yahweh to the presence of the people, lest he come out and strike them suddenly.
There were also two robbers who were with him: one on the right hand, and one on his left.
After these two days Jesus departed from there into Galilee.
Why don't you take this ointment, and sell it for three hundred pieces of silver, and give it to the poor?
Will you yet be haughty toward my people, and won't let them go?
Then I came to Taberibah, and lived there with the captives, by the river Chebar, to the place where they lived: and there I was seven days, and there was terror and astonishment.
For Jesus knew who it was who would betray him, and he said, You are not all clean.
It happened, as Moses went down from Mount Sinai, that the two tables of the covenant were in his hand; and as he went down, his face shone with the light of God, and Moses himself didn't know it.
But that same man doesn't know that there is a deep sleep with him. His friends lie in wait in the deep of Sheol.
Even so, even as we have become an abomination in the sight of men, even so also the house of Artemis the great will be despised. The goddess of Asia and of the earth will fall from her honor.
When the Pharisees heard that he had baptized more disciples than John, they also baptized more.
If the Lord Yahweh didn't show to his servants the thoughts of his secret, they would have done nothing.
Yahweh often delivers them, but they rebelled against him in their schemes; for their iniquities are grown up.
Phinehas the son of Eleazar ruled over them, and Yahweh was with him.
This was the pattern of every work: there were compasses on all fours, and their compasses were on the four horns.
but you shall not eat its blood. It shall be poured out on the earth, and mixed with water.
Saul said, Blessed be Yahweh be to you, because you have mercy on me.
He who has understanding says, We were afraid to part you, because God made you to ride on horses.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
As a lion roars with his teeth, They will tear me apart in pieces.
He didn't lay his hand on the honorable of Israel. They saw God, and they ate and drank.
He who is perverse in heart is an abomination to Yahweh, But he who works blamelessly is his delight.
Yahweh spoke to Gad, David's seer, saying,
Let them praise Yahweh for his loving kindness, For his wonderful works to the children of men!
The third lot was for the children of Zebulun according to their families.
When they had come down, they blew the trumpet in the hill country of Ephraim; and the children of Israel went down after him from the mountain: and Ehud went before them.
I cry to you. Save me. I will keep your precepts.
This is the pattern of the ark: three hundred cubits long, and fifty cubits broad, and thirty cubits high.
Every bull, whether it is a son of man, or a daughter, shall do according to this ordinance.
Yahweh heard the voice of your words, and Yahweh said to me, I have heard the words of this people, which they have spoken to you; and all their words are good.
If he be with me, and kill me, then we will be your bondservants; but if I prevail against him, kill him, then you shall be our bondservors, and serve us.
This hope is not laid low, because God has poured out love into our hearts through his Spirit which he gave us.
I have prayed to you, Yahweh. In the morning, my prayer will come before you.
Son of man, hear the word that I speak to you: don't be rebellious, as the rebellious house; open your mouth, eat that which I give you.
It happened, when the children of Israel were in the wilderness, that they found a man gathering wood on the Sabbath day.
Did God say to one angel, Sit at my right hand, Until I make your enemies under your feet?'
They came to violence. Their faces gave way. They gathered the captives together, as the sand is gathered.
When he had come and worshiped at Jerusalem, he departed to go his way. He was sitting in the chariot reading Isaiah the prophet.
As for your remnant, I will cause them to be dismayed in the land of their enemies; and the cry of the locust shall pursue them; and they shall flee, as they flee from the sword; and none shall follow them: and he shall fall.
He did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh; he didn't depart from all the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, with which he made Israel to sin.
Now therefore, if you stretch out your hand on him, and touch all that he has, he shall utterly throw you off.
and have torn the kingdom from the house of David; but you have not been as my servant David, who kept my commandments, and followed me, and did that which was right in my eyes.
You shall see the destruction of my house in the day that Yahweh gives glory to Israel; and there shall be no remnant in your house forever.
The king of Samaria shall perish, as the letter that is written on the surface of the waters.
There are two women in the lab. They say continually, Give me, give me. They have four things which are too many for a man to say, They are four that are too little for him:
He arose, and went to Zarephath. When he was at the gate of the city, behold, a widow was gathering wood in the land. He said to her, Please give me a little water to drink.
They shall keep all the vessels of the tent of meeting, and shall keep the charge of the children of Israel, for the service of the Tent of Meeting.
Amaziah returned from the slaughter of Edom, and took the gods of the sons of Seir, and made them his gods, and bowed himself down before them, and burnt incense to them.
I applied my heart to know wisdom, to know madness and folly, and to know that this also is a chasing after wind.
Or have you rejected us, God? Or have you not gone forth with our armies?
Micah said to him, From whence came you? He answered, I am the Levite of Bethlehem Judah, to seek a place to dwell.
Then stood Jeshua, and Bani, and Kadmiel, and Shebaiah, and Bunni, and Serebiah and Janin, and Chilion, on the brass of the Levites, and cried to Yahweh their God.
These are the words which Yahweh commanded Moses and the children of Israel in the land of Moab, besides the covenant that he made with them in Horeb.
The wine gushed out outside of the city, and blood came out of the wine girded up both its pitchers and its spoons, about three hundred gerahs.
Yahweh spoke to Joshua, saying,
He came with his disciples to a place called Gaius. He said to his disciples, Sit here until evening, and I will pray.
The king made almug trees for the house of Yahweh, and for the king's house, and harps for the singers: there was nothing like it seen in the land of Judah.
Zedekiah said to Jeremiah, Don't let anyone know these words, and you shall not die.
Send me forth your light and your truth. Bring me to your holy mountain, To your tent of meeting.
He has shown great power to his people. He has given them the inheritance of the nations.
In the third year of Cyrus king of Persia came a certain thing to Daniel, who was called Belteshazzar; and the thing was true, and concerning great war; and Daniel understood the thing, and understood the vision.
God will destroy you forever. He will take you, and thrust you out of your tent, And take you from the land of the living. Selah.
On the south side of Kelethim, on the border of Judah, and on the south of the land of Canaan, we burnt Ziklag with fire.
You shall not speak of the jeopardy of this people, neither shall you be afraid of the fear which they fear.
God is one who will not die, but remains in a light that is not seen. No one has seen him, neither will any see him. To him be the honor and the everlasting dominion. Amen.
I will bring the pestilence and the blood into the streets of Sidon; and the wounded shall lie in the midst of it with the sword round about; and they shall know that I am Yahweh.
Those who hate Yahweh shall come and submit themselves to him; But they shall endure many stripes.
Hear my voice, God, when I cry. Let my soul not be afraid of the adversary.
When he had said this, they saw him standing alone. But the disciples held their peace, and told no one what they had seen.
gave his offering: one silver platter, the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekel, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering;
But the service of the priests, according to the law, is as the tent of meeting in heaven, and as the appearance of the stars. As Moses, when he was about to make it, he said to him, See that you do according to all that I tell you on the mountain.
Those who don't listen to this great prophet shall be cut off from their people.
Yahweh said to Moses, This thing that you have spoken, I will also do it; for you have found favor in my sight, and I have called you by my name.
But Jesus refused, and said to him, Go to your house, and find your relatives, and show them the Lord's mercy on you, and how you have done great things.
Set up for yourselves a way, Israel: set up pillars, and go up; set your face toward the great way, toward the way of which you go; return, and be in your cities.
A merciful man works for his own soul, But a cruel man destroys his own flesh.
The men of his city, who lived in that city, the elders and the princes, did according to the word of Jezebel, which she had written to them in their letters.
But if you know that it is written, I desire mercy, and not sacrifice,' you can't justify the innocent by this saying.
Who has declared this to us from the beginning? Or who has declared it from the beginnings, that we should say, He is not cut; but neither has he shown it, nor made it known, nor heard your words.
It happened on one of those days, while he was in Bethany, in the house of Simon the leper, as he sat at the table,
As they were praying, and didn't believe, while still having the testimony, Jesus said to them, What can you eat?
Give glory to Yahweh, and glory to God, all you tribes of the people.
He said to them, This is what Yahweh, the God of Israel, says: Return to him who sent you to me, saying,
I saw a poor widow cast down two small brass coins.
Yahweh said to me, Take again all the vessels of your foolish shepherds,
He has stretched out his hand against his companions, And rebelled against his covenant.
Joshua sent messengers from Jericho eastward, and drew near to Ai of Beth Aven, and said to them, Go and see the land. They went and saw Ai.
For I desire to have knowledge of this word, but I am paralyzed with sleep.
Jesus answered them, Pray for this, and it will be done to you.
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up against him, and bound him with fetters, to bring him to Babylon.
It will happen in that day, says Yahweh, That I will gather the lame together, And gather those who are driven out, And the afflicted whom I have afflicted.
how I know how to pass through a multitude of people, and how I will pass through the abundance of lentils, whether hungry or thirsty, whether rich or poor, all things are according to my count.
I heard the voice of my heart. At the sound of the voice, my lips were made pure. My bones were decaying. I trembled in my place. I kept silence until the day of calamity came, Until the people who were in the land had come up.
It happened after some days, that Jesus came from Nazareth of Galilee, and was baptized by John at the Jordan.
The jailer awoke, and saw that the doors were opened, and that the prisoners were fled. He drew his sword, and killed them.
The word of Yahweh came to me in the eleventh year, in the tenth day of the month, saying,
I will fly far off, and will lodge in the wilderness. Selah.
He will save us from the adversary, From the hand of all those who hate us;
So Samuel brought near all the tribes of Israel; and he took the tribe of Benjamin:
The enemy will be destroyed, and the land will be desolate forever. You have destroyed their cities, and no man will remember them any more.
Have you seen how Ahab humble himself before me? for he humble himself in my sight: therefore I will not bring this plague on him in the day of his life, but in the days of his son shall I bring it on his house.
Why are we judged, Shishak? Why are we forsaken, the praise of the whole sky? why are Babylon become a desolation among the nations?
Plans were made in his right hand for the ark that was to go to Jerusalem: for the head of the lamb, and for the opening of his mouth, and to cry out with a loud voice, he shall raise up the heads of the sheep against the gate, and shall make them of hewn stone.
Martha said to him, Lord, if you are here, our brother will not die.
The seventh angel sounded with a loud voice in the sky, saying, The Kingdom of our God and the Kingdom of his Christ will he reign over all generations.
Of the children of Dan, their generations, by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all who were able to go out to war;
The fields are disappointed, and hang down their heads; Because there is no rain, and the earth is pitiable.
It shall happen in the seventh year, on the tenth day of the month, that you shall blow the trumpet with a great shout; and you shall sound an alarm throughout all the land in the day of atonement.
Afterward the brook dried up, because there was no water in the land.
If you ask for understanding, If you cry for understanding with loud voice;
They chose new gods, and the battle came to the gate of their city: and Israel forty thousand men saw the shield and the spear.
Yahweh said to Gideon, I will save you with three hundred men who draw water, and I will deliver the Midianites into your hand; and all the people shall return to their place.
So these two years they were fulfilled, that all who lived in Asia had heard the word of the Lord, both Jews and Greeks.
He said to him, Return in peace, and let the God of Israel entreat the thing which you shall ask of him.
When he saw there was no man there on every side, he struck the Egyptian, and killed him in the mountain.
Therefore, brothers, we have comforted you through your faith in all adversity.
One of the multitude cried out, Teacher, come and see my son! He is my son's son!
to the glory of the name of our Lord Jesus Christ be to you, and to you be the glory: the grace of our God and of our lord Jesus Christ.
The hand of Yahweh will be on this mountain, and the Moabites will tread down the land in which they dwell, as the dry grass is tread down in the dry waters.
Don't I command you? be strong, and don't be afraid, neither be dismayed; for Yahweh your God will be with you wherever you go.
Then Deborah and Barak the son of Abinoam sang that day:
Whoever touches any part of his body or of his flesh shall be unclean until the evening; and he who touches it shall wash his clothes; he shall bathe himself in water, and be impure until the night.
Even though you didn't see him, you still believed in him, even though you had not seen him. With words you have no excuse for anything,
I will shoot three arrows at the rock. I will gird myself like a gazelle.
The five men who were in the land of Laish said to their brothers, Do you know that there are priests in this house, and images of the houses, and engraved images, and molten images? now consider what shall be good?
I have seen a great evil under the sun, that he keeps his wealth for himself.
Out of his mouth proceed coals of fire, Fire out of cups.
He sent before them a man, whom Joseph could not go to be a bondservant.
Don't desire that night, When the people are consumed in their land.
and say, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: A great eagle, and a great owl, and the young raven, and ten young pigeons, and an osprey; and they shall fly to Lebanon, and take the ends of the cedar trees;
Now it wasn't Adam who was deceived, but the woman who was tempted by the devil.
They said, We know him. He said to them, Is it well? They said, It is well. Behold, Rachel, his daughter, she is shearing the sheep.
In that day is a day of great anger, an hour of distress, a day for destruction, A day of darkness, A night of thick darkness,
Go up to Gilead, and take frankincense; for with much provision you shall not be healed.
Destroyers shall come on every city, and none shall be moved; and the valley shall be wasted, and the lowland shall be destroyed, says Yahweh.
It happened at the end of three years, that the two servants of Shimei fled to Achish the son of Maacah king of Gath. They said to Shimei, Behold, your servant is in Gath!
For they are not exalted from the east, nor from the west, Nor from the south.
David was faint, and said, Who will give me water to drink from the well of Bethlehem?
It happened at the end of forty years, that an angel appeared to Moses in the flame of a brazier in the wilderness of Sinai.
He was sixteen years old when he began to reign; and he reigned fifty-two years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Jehoiada of Jerusalem.
You shall offer an offering made by fire, of a burnt offering to Yahweh: two young bulls, one ram, seven male lambs a year old without blemish;
Don't you know that your body is the body of Christ? Shall I make his body a body of travail? Far from it.
At that time Mahanaim struck Topheth, and all who were therein, even all the towns of it, from Tirzah; for they didn't open the gate to it: therefore they struck him, and broke in pieces all the women who were in the midst of them.
For in whatever place there are two people who are called by my name, I will be with them.
So they called the days of Purim by the name of Pul. They were called Purim because of all the words of the letter, and because of the things which their eyes saw in this matter,
It happened in the eighteenth year of king Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, in the fifth month, on the seventh day of the month, that Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard, who was of Babylon's guard, came to Jerusalem,
He took the twelve disciples, and said to them, Behold, now we are going up to Jerusalem, where it is written that all things concerning the Son of Man shall happen.
David was afraid of Yahweh that day, saying, How shall the ark of God come to me?
His bones are like brass, And his members like iron.
When Elisha the man of God heard that the king of Israel had torn his clothes, he sent to the king, saying, Why have you torn your clothes? cause him to come to me, that he may know that there is a prophet in Israel.
He broke down the pillars, and cut down the Asherim, and filled them with bones.
The birds of the sky, the fish of the sea, and all the living creatures that are in the sea have he dominion over.
From the days of John the Baptizer until now, the Kingdom of Heaven has been trampled down with violence, and the strong have taken spoil by their power.
He went to Ophrah to his father's house, and killed the sons of Jerubbaal, seventy men his brothers, on one stone; but Jotham his youngest son was left, because he had hid himself.
The spirit of the holy will give knowledge, But a loud tongue will speak and understand.
even as God has revealed the prophets, that their service is not for themselves, but for you, through the Spirit who was sent from heaven, and through the angel of the Good News. These things are known to the angels, and they wait to know them.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
I have not gotten money or clothing from anyone;
The glory of Yahweh mounted up from the city, and lived on the mountain eastward;
The mouth of the righteous stirs up many; But the foolish die by reason of ignorance.
The women said to Naomi, Blessed be Yahweh, who this day has not forsaken you, that you should not be forsaken: and now may this child have a name in Israel.
Their heart is like oil, But I love your law.
God will not be turned from his anger. He will cast down Lazarus under his wings.
As a fertile valley, As the garden of the river, As a cedars which Yahweh knows, As an oaks by the waters.
He came again, and found them sleeping, for their eyes were heavy. They didn't know how to answer him.
The light was in the darkness, but the darkness didn't receive the light.
Therefore I exhort you in the name of the Lord, not to follow after the manner of the Gentiles in vain, in vanity and in bitterness,
Out of the tribe of Dan, Jearim with its suburbs, and Gibbethon with the suburbs of it,
Jesus stood still, and called to him, and fetched him. When he was come, Jesus asked him,
For you say, Where is king's house?' Where is the house where the wicked dwells?
A quarrel breaks out over a herd of oxen, And a sharp nose stirs up a quarrel.
For as many as were of the fathers' houses, and as of the children of the Gentiles, so were they of your inheritance.
Moses said to Yahweh, Therefore the Egyptians shall hear, because you have brought up this people out of the midst of them by your power.
Now Ishmael his son was twelve years old when he was circumcised in Israel.
They heard that Jesus was raised, and that Mary also saw him, but she didn't believe.
His glory among the nations. His wondrous works among the peoples.
Then Uzziah took the censer in his hand to burn incense; and as he was angry with the priests, he began to leprous before the altar of Yahweh which is in the house of God, and his forehead was covered with leprosy.
She poured ashes on her head, and tore the purple garments that she had put on, and walked with her hands on her shoulders, and cried out as she went.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
You shall not touch it with your hand, but shall stone it with stones, or shoot it at it; neither shall any man or animal touch it, until it be so that when the trumpet thunders, they shall come to the ground.
In the twenty-first year of Jeroboam king of Israel began Asa to reign over Judah.
He set him on the high places of the earth, to eat the fruit of the field; and he gave him honey from the rock, and oil from the fire;
The master of the house said to his servant, Go into the way, and turn aside to the side of the road, that no one may enter in, that my house may be filled.
Blessed is he who is broken for sin, For God will comfort him.
For I will seek the good of you, for the house of Yahweh our God.
For if any good work is done, he will have a good name, and will be able to speak boldly concerning the word of Christ Jesus.
They have ears, but they can't hear; And a nose, but can't see.
It happened, when they were come into Samaria, that Elisha said, Yahweh, open the eyes of these men, that they may see; and they opened their eyes, and they saw, and were not struck; for it was in the city of Samaria.
Absalom fled. The young men of the watchman lifted up his eyes, and saw, and behold, many people were coming after him by the way of the mountain.
Behold, I will make you a new vessel of grain, and it shall be made old; and you shall beat the mountains to the teeth, and make the hills like chaff.
The four tables for the service of burnt offering were of stone, one cubit long, and another cubit broad, and a cubit high: and the burnt offering and all the vessels for it were laid on them.
Now the law of the children of Israel was of the priests of the Levites, but if by this it is possible for a man to be found out, let there not be another priest appointed besides the priest whom Melchizedek has appointed, whom Aaron has not appointed.
He looked around at all the people in the tombs, and saw that a great multitude of rich people had thrown into the treasury.
There shall be no inhabitant therein forever, neither shall there ever be any inhabitant: the Arabians shall not pitch their tents, nor let the shearer cause his flock to lie down there.
You shall not make a ransom for the soul of the manslayer who dies of blood: he shall surely be put to death.
I have been strong for the house of my God. I have prepared gold for the gold, and silver for the silver, and brass for the vessels, and iron for the iron, and timber for the wood, and precious stones for the light, and for the sweet savor, and stones for all kinds of stones.
Ahaziah was forty-two years old when he began to reign; and he reigned one year in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Athaliah the daughter of Omri.
He said to them, Behold, the fear of Yahweh is wisdom. To depart from evil is understanding.
a winds stormy one that doesn't know how to rain, and a mocker of a burnt offering.
He spoke of the bramble, and of the cedars of Lebanon to the heaps of hewn stone that were on the wall, and concerning the animals, the birds, the creeping things, and the watercourses.
The wise seek knowledge with all their heart, But the mouth of fools delight in folly.
He bestowed on the king a hundred talents of gold, and a great array of spices, and precious stones. He brought no more as the king of Sheba had bestowed on Solomon.
If your brother is poor, and lives with you, and sells himself to you, you shall not make him serve you as a servant.
You shall not carry gold, silver, or brass in your waistbands.
Yahweh's work is great. All those who love him will delight themselves in his works.
So you will be our pride and our praise in the day of our Lord Jesus Christ.
When Joab saw that the battle was before him, he chose out of all the army of Israel, and put them in array against the Syrians.
All the surrounding people begged him to depart from them, for they were afraid. He got into his boat, and departed.
I spoke to the priests and to all the people of the land, saying, Thus says Yahweh, Don't listen to the prophets who prophesy to you; and they say, Behold, the vessels of the house of God shall not yet depart out of Babylon; but they prophesy a lie to you.
I, Yahweh, have called you in righteousness, to take you by your hand, and to keep you, that you may be a sign of the covenant of the people, and a light to the Gentiles;
Now I tell you, don't take these men, and let them go; for if their counsel and their doings are of men, they will be destroyed;
The wicked man who departs from before the king shall be established in righteousness.
You shall fear Yahweh your God, and you shall serve him, and be in his council, and swear in his name.
If I am shut up for fear of the multitude, Because of the reproach of the fathers, That I should not be afraid to go out;
For we don't have the right to receive an inheritance, or to keep a custom.
It happened on the next day, that the Philistines came to take the slain men; and they found Saul and his three sons fallen on Mount Gilboa.
The raw flesh and all the blood that is on him is his. His name is the Way of God.
Then appeared the sign on the man's hand in the king's house, and on the tablet of the lampstand; and when the king saw the writing on his hand,
You shall remember that you were a bondservant in the land of Egypt: therefore I command you that you do this.
It shall happen, if you shall listen to the voice of Yahweh your God, that all these blessings shall come on you, and overtake you:
that you may be revealed in him the love that is in you, in the knowledge of him who has been perfect in knowledge.
On this side was the face of a man toward the palm tree, and on that side a lion toward the trees: thus was it in the midst of the house round about.
It shall happen, when your people go out to battle against their enemies by the way which you shall send them, and they pray to you toward this city which you have chosen, and toward the house which I have built for your name,
The Jews were looking for him in the feast, and they asked him, Where is he?
But let our Lord's exhortation be to you as a salvation, which Paul our beloved spoke in the wisdom of God in writing to you in the days of our Lord.
He made ten bases of brass: their poles, their spoons, and their sockets were of one piece.
Yahweh will reign over all the earth. Yahweh is one day, and his name is one.
He is not the God of the dead, but of the living, for everyone lives for the Lord.
Leah conceived, and bore a son, and named him Reuben; for he said, Yahweh has seen my affliction. Now my husband loves me.
Many of my brothers believed in the Lord, and spoke boldly without fear to the word of God.
For they have devised devices against you, But they shall not prevail.
The offering is for a wayward man, To bring him before the mighty man.
I will offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving to you. I will call on the name of Yahweh.
But put your trust in strong faith, for you know that all the brothers who are in all the earth are in the same affliction.
All the elders of Israel came to the king to Hebron; and David made a covenant with them in Hebron before Yahweh: and they anointed David king over Israel, as Yahwehi had spoken by Samuel.
When you see Nahash king of the children of Ammon come against you, then he says to me, No; but we have appointed a king over us: and Yahweh your God is your King.
Most assuredly I tell you, there was a famine in Israel in the days of Elijah three and half years, and great famines throughout all the land.
Joseph brought in Jacob his father, and stood before Pharaoh. He blessed Pharaoh.
He who blesses you, I will bless him; and he who curses you, he will be unpunished: and all the families of the earth shall be blessed in you.
If you eat, and if you drink, aren't you eating, and you drink?
then your heart shall be turned, and you shall humble yourself before Yahweh; for when you heard the word which he spoke against this place, and against the inhabitants of it, then you did humble yourselves before me; and you tore your clothes, and wept before me: I have heard your words, says YahweH.
So you testify to yourselves that you were the seed of those who killed the prophets.
You have gnashed on my feet with your feet. You have marked all my ways. Your feet have marked out my steps.
When they had entered into the city, they began to raise up a loud voice from the upper chamber where they were staying: and there were Peter, John, James, Andrew, Philip, Thomas, Bartholomew, Maasai, and Simon, the son of Alphaeus, and Jeroboam, also of Secuada.
I will praise you on the altar, And praise your faithfulness, O my God. I will sing praises on the harp, O Holy One of Israel.
They told him also, You are the disciples of that man, and we are his disciples.
He said, bless me. Behold, you have set me in the land of the South. Give me springs of water. He gave him the upper springs and the lower springs.
Sarah was afraid, and denied it, and said, I have no laugh. He said, There is no laugh, but you do laugh.
The children of Benjamin returned at that time; and the children of Israel gave to them the daughters of Jabesh Gilead, which he had given to live.
As a prisoner of the Lord, I beg you to stand firm in the calling of God.
Jehoshaphat the son of Asa reigned in his place, and strengthened himself against Israel.
who confesses this, but not by the Spirit of God, but by the adversaries of Christ, who have heard that it is coming, and that it has now come into the world.
Jesus touched his hand, and immediately the fever left him, and he rose up and waited for him.
Like the head of a dead animal, so was the carcass of the beast. His carcass was healed, and all the multitudes were filled with wonder, and they went after that beast.
He built the court of the priests, the great court, and the gate of the court; and he overlaid the gates with brass.
The waters prevailed on the earth forty days: and the waters prevailed, so that the ark floated on the surface of the earth.
If you seek after money as diligently as you seek silver, Or if you search after hidden treasures as you search for gold,
then the elders of his city shall call him, and speak to him, if he rashly says, I will not take him;
When they had been baptized, he was also baptized. As he prayed, the heavens opened,
Ain with its suburbs, and Uthath and its suburbs; Beth Shemesh with its towns; and the nine cities, out of the two tribes.
They were led away, and laid with him, both dead and alive.
He who does evil will be called a man of iniquity.
Laban and Bethuel answered, It is of Yahweh; we can't speak either good or bad to you.
So I am not a living me, but he who lives in me is alive. I am living, the Son of God, and he who loves me, because of the loss of my life.
The whole congregation of the Philistines were thirty-three thousand seven hundred fifty,
Jehoash king of Israel took Amaziah king of Judah, the son of Jehoash son of Ahaziah, in Beth Shemesh, and brought him to Jerusalem; and he broke down the wall of Jerusalem from the gate of Ephraim to the corner gate, four hundred cubits.
Doesn't the king say, The son of David is born out of Bethlehem of David?'
You shall destroy all the nations which Yahweh has destroyed before you; and you shall be destroyed, because you have not listened to the voice of YahweH your God.
Rejoice always in the Lord. Again, I say this, rejoice.
For if the tree is cut down, there is still hope and a good soil. The two branches will not be cut down.
He saved none, so that he could not save himself. Now he is king over Israel. Let him come down from the cross, and we will believe.
Every bed whereon he lies shall be unclean; and every place whereunto he lies is unclean.
It happened at the end of the year, when the kings went out, that David sent Joab, and his servants, and all Israel; and they struck the children of Ammon, and turned against Rabbah: and David remained in Jerusalem.
Hezekiah turned his face toward the wall, and prayed to Yahweh, and said,
When I come to you, don't pull me away from you, for I will not pull myself away from them, who walk in the ways of sensual things.
We roar like a bear, we call like a turtledove. We hope for justice, but there is none. For salvation, but it is far from us.
Grace to you and peace from God the Father and Jesus Christ, the Son of the Father; that our life may be full of truth and love.
I adjure you, daughters of Jerusalem, By the roes and by the hinds of the field, That you not stir up, nor awaken love, Until it so desires.
All the silver that was found in the house of Yahweh was poured out, and delivered into the hand of the taskmasters and the laborers.
He went out again in the morning, and behold, a man in glory standing by the entrance of the highway.
For the king's ships were with the servants of Huram in Tarshish, bringing gold, and silver, and ivory, and apes, and peacocks, twice in the three years.
When Joshua was dead, the children of Israel said to Yahweh, Who shall go up first to battle against the Canaanites who fight against us?
Now there was a man in Lystra who sat down by himself for a while, but from birth he was lame, and could not walk.
He broke down the tower of Penuel, and killed the men of the city.
I will tell him the number of my steps. I will come to him like a king.
because they have conspired against you in the matter of Bohol, and in the question of her sister, the daughter of the princes of Midian, and have seduced you with deceitful counsel; and this same Cozibite was in the day of the pestilence, because he was pierced in the heart of Beor.
After he was crucified, many testified about him that he was still alive. In the midst of the forty days he appeared to the apostles, and spoke to them concerning the Kingdom of God.
If the ear said, I am not blind; therefore I am without flesh; therefore the ear shall not be without flesh.
He came near and gave them bread, and likewise to the fish.
Jehoram said, Put forth your chariot; and he put forth his chariot. Jehoram king of Israel and Ahaziah king of Judah went out, everyone in his own chariot, to meet Jehu in the field of Naboth the Jezreelite.
They also drove out many demons, and anointed many with oil, and healed them.
He marvels at the riches of his Egypt, For he looks for the redemption of his riches.
For I have determined to make no mention of the rest, except the word of Jesus Christ, who was crucified with me,
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Will your heart take courage in the day that I visit you? will your hand be strong? Yahweh spoke this word, and it was done.
She had two wives. The name of the one was Hannah, and the name of it was Peninnah. She had sons, but Hannah had no daughters.
He said to the Benjamites, Go, hide yourselves among the vineyards,
Adonijah said to him, You are a stiff-necked man, but you shall surely bring forth good news.
They meet every day in the temple with one mind, and encourage one another, and make ready the bread of the Holy Spirit, eating and drinking, and singing praises to God,
They answered him, Our fathers were Abraham. Jesus said to them, If you were Abraham's seed, you would have done that which Abraham did.
I tell you that a camel is better than a rich man to enter into the Kingdom of Heaven.
If you take the meal offering of the furnace to be a meal offering, you shall prepare unleavened cakes of fine flour mixed with oil, and unleavening wafers of anointed with oil.
He sent also the young men of Israel to offer burnt offerings, and to offer peace offerings to Yahweh.
She went straight on the way to Beth Shemesh; and she went on by the way, and went on as she went, and didn't turn aside to the right hand nor to the left: and the lords of the Philistines followed after her, to the border of Beth Hemesh.
When Adoni-Zedek king of Jerusalem heard that Joshua had taken Ai, and that he had utterly destroyed it, and had dealt with Ai and with its king, as he had dealt also with Jericho and with her king, and heard that the inhabitants of Gibeon had made peace with the children of Israel, and lived therein,
The land of Egypt is before you; that your father and your brothers may dwell in the best places of the land, in the land of Goshen: and it shall be, if you know that among them are some of them, that you shall give them charge over my livestock.
Remember them, my God, for they have defiled the priesthood, and have broken the covenant of the priests the Levites.
You will be hated by all men for my sake.
I will set apart my people from your people, and this sign shall be seen tomorrow.'
He shall fasten your tongue, and shall not speak evil of wickedness; and his lips shall be shut up, and he shall speak no deceit.
It shall be, that the sons of Levi, who bear the charge of the priests, though they are Abraham's seed, and all the children of Israel are brothers, they shall be commanded to receive a tenth part of the tithe, according to the law, of the people.
Then Judah was his sanctuary, Israel his kingdom.
Jesus saw the two boats on the sea, and the fishermen were going from boat to boat.
Into any city, or into any incense offering, shall you inquire among yourselves who is willing to accept you, and shall sojourn there until you depart.
Now therefore, Yahweh my God, remember the prayer and the supplication of your servant, and listen to the cry which your servant makes before you this day.
Give glory and strength to Yahweh, And strength to God's son.
For you have not bought me horses for money, neither have you filled me with the fat of your sacrifice; but you have caused me to labor in your iniquity, and have made me to be weary in your sin.
Judah, the son of Jacob, and Judah, the Canaanite, who betrayed him,
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, everyone who entered into the service, for work in the Tent of Meeting.
and I will establish him forever in my house, in my kingdom; and his throne shall be established forever.
While he was still sowing, some fell by the road; and the bird came, and devoured the seed after it was sown.
Yahweh said to Joshua, Don't be afraid of them; for I have delivered them into your hand; and none shall stand before you.
All the flocks and the herds, The animals of the field,
Son of man, prophesy concerning it, and tell Gog, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: Don't you know, O my people Israel, in the day of solemn rest?
From the river Euphrates to the land of the Philistines, and to all the kingdoms of Egypt, did Solomon rule over them. They came near to Solomon all the days of his life.
The beatings of a friend are pleasant, But the kiss of an enemy is long.
The gods will be destroyed together.
He said to them, What are you arguing with them?
Don't forsake me, Yahweh. Don't be far from me, my God.
Jesus answered them, Don't you think? You don't know the Scriptures, nor the power of God.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: In the first month, on the first day of the month, take bulls without blemish, and cleanse the sanctuary.
Then Zedekiah the king commanded to shut up Jeremiah in the court of the guard: and he took a handful of the shekel from the house of the bread keepers day by day, until there was no shekel in the city. So Jeremiah lived in the courts of the guernica.
The king said to his people, Behold, these people, even they, the children of Israel, are greater and mightier than we.
It happened, when they had emptied their sacks, that they didn't find all the money in their sacks; and they and their fathers were afraid when they saw the money.
For through your service, not only did you fulfill the need of the saints, but also multiplied the thanksgiving of God to many.
Into one house you shall go, and dwell there; and from there you shall travel.
We are holy. He who knows God listens to us, and he who doesn't know God doesn't listen to us. So we will discern between the Spirit of truth and the spirit of falsehood.
He let them go, because they were put to death for fear of death.
Let the king plead the cause of the afflicted, and deliver the poor, and shut up the oppressor.
He shall take a little of the gleanings of it, and lay it down on the ground, and shall not rouse it up.
For you have revealed your servant, Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel, and said, I will build you a house: therefore your servant has done valiantly in this prayer to you.
Say to them, All these gods who didn't make heaven and earth will perish from the earth and from under the sky.'
But Jesus was lying in the boat, and he was asleep. The disciples awoke him, and said to him, Teacher, do you not marvel that we are dying?
The child drew near to her, and she said, Why then has this happened to me? She went to inquire of Yahweh.
The elders of Jabesh said to him, Please let us go seven days, that we may send into all Israel: and if there is none to save us, then we will come out to you.
being charged us to forsake the natural function and the lust of the flesh, to walk in the purity of righteousness and the godliness of godliness,
Better is to have wise men than to have weak men; To have understanding than to understand justice.
Why are the house of God and the idols set apart? We are the temple of the living God. As God said, I will dwell with my people, and will walk among them; and I will be their God, and they will be my people.
They are healthful, yes, they are well-pleasing; They go down to Sheol in a moment.
Not for men only, but also for those who believe in me for the word which I have preached to them,
You shall not lie to one another; for you have put away your tradition of service and of work,
Jesus, knowing it, said to them, Why do you seek this woman? She has done a good work for me.
The wing of the cherub was five cubits; and it extended to the side of the house on the other side: and the wing of that cherub belonged to the other wing.
In everything that you do, don't let your enemy make you afraid, that you may be found guilty. This is the righteousness of God.
Then I said, My strength fails me. There is no hope for me in Yahweh.
David said to him, Who are you? From whence came you? He said, I am a young man of Egypt, a servant of the Amalekites; for three days have I been sick, and my master has forsaken me.
The Levites shall speak a great speech to all Israel, saying,
He lived at Jerusalem, and built cities in the land of Judah.
Reuben answered them, Didn't I tell you, Don't spoil the boy?' But you didn't listen. Therefore the iniquity of his blood is now on us.
Joseph's brothers, when they saw that their father was dead, said, Man, Joseph hates us. According to all that we did to him, he has utterly taken advantage of us.
They found widows, and there was none to make them bake bread, or to comfort them because of the dead. They died, and no one made them drink the cup of comfort.
Behold, before him was a certain captain of the guard.
He stood and cried to all the army of Israel, and said to them, What are you about to do, go forth to the battle? Am I not a Philistine, and you aren't Saul's servant? choose one of you, and bring him down to me.
Many years shall a man live, and he shall rejoice in many years; but he shall consider the days of darkness, for it shall be many. Things that will come shall be vanity.
Son of man, why do you say in this parable, The days are not fulfilled, nor the visions fulfilled?
I will make him desolate, and he shall not be gathered, neither shall he lift up his head, but shall cast up briers and thorns; and I will command that no rain should fall on him.
who has given us the grace of riches, and has endowed us with all knowledge,
Aaron was one hundred twenty-three years old when he died on Mount Hor.
God said, Let the expanse that is on the heavens be a bare expanse, and let it be for a sign and for a wonder, for a holy convocation, day and night,
If a man have two wives, one to love, and one to hate, and they bore him sons, but the firstborn is the wife of hate.
The sons of Asaph who were singers stood in their place, according to the commandment of David, Asaph, Heman, and Jeduthun, the king's seer, the keepers of all the doors of the thresholds: they shall not depart from their work; for the Levites have provided for them.
David said to the people who were with him, Strike now every man his sword; and they struck, and David struck. There were about four hundred men who went up with David, and two hundred keeping tithes.
As they go, I will spread my net over them; and I will make it fly as the birds of the sky. I will deal with them according to the hearing of all their assembly.
But Zerubbabel and Jeshua, and the elders of the house of Israel, spoke to them, saying, Don't you want to build for us a house of our God, as Yahweh, the God of Israel has commanded us, according to that which Cyrus king of Persia commanded us?
Moreover the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
On the seventh day wash your clothes, and you shall be clean; then you shall go into the camp.
Jehoiada the priest took the ark, and cut off its head in the court, and put it on the side of the altar, on the right hand of the house of Yahweh: and the priest of the porters put the money that was brought into the temple into its ark.
My face is darkened because of my tears; The shadow of death is on my eyes.
The priest shall offer the sin offering, and the man who desires to be cleansed shall make atonement for him concerning his uncleanness, and shall kill the burnt offering.
If they were given to my Father in heaven more abundantly than all things, no one could snatch them out of his hand.
In the days of the house of God which was in Shiloh, the children of Dan made engraved images for themselves.
The child grew, and went out to his father, and to the reapers.
Jerusalem, Jerusalem, you have killed the prophets, and have stoned the angels whom God has sent to you. I would have gathered your children together, as a hen gathers her children in her sheifer, but you would not.
Some of the Sadducees, who didn't believe that they would die, came to him.
Yahweh said to Moses, Throw down before Yahweh all the heads of the fathers' houses of the people, first, and last day, that the fierce anger of God may be turned away from Israel.
But they scoffed at the angel of God, They despised his words, They rejected his prophets, until the anger of Yahweh was kindled against his people, and there was no healing.
those who were numbered of them by their families, and by their fathers' houses, were two thousand six hundred thirty-one.
The man said to him, What is the commandment? Jesus answered, You shall not murder, nor commit adultery, nor steal, nor give false testimony;
Jesus answered them, Didn't I choose you twelve? One of you is a devil.
It is good that some men should die for the righteous; Or that some should perish for the good.
I will open my mouth with parables. I will speak out of the mouth of old,
Bring to me your fathers, and your households, and I will give you the good of the land of Egypt, and you shall eat of the sea of it.
They turned again to the foreigner who was beyond the gate: from little to great, eye to eye, they saw no one; and they sought to the stronghold, but there was no gate.
Jacob said to him, My lord knows that the children are weak, and that the herds are also weak. If a man stirs up a flock in one day, all of them will die.
You shall labor in vain, because your land doesn't yield its increase, neither does the tree of its fruit yield its fruit.
Rejoice over Jerusalem, all you who love her. Rejoice over her. Be joyful over her mourners.
then the elders of the congregation shall lay their hands on the head of the bull, and kill it before Yahweh.
All nations shall call you blessed, says Yahweh of Armies; for your land shall be a pleasant land.
It happened in the days of Jehoiakim, that Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up; and Jehoahim served three years, and rebelled against him.
Moreover the children of the strangers who live as foreigners among you, and their children who are with you, who are born in your land, you shall buy of them, and they shall be your inheritance.
He commanded us to preach the Good News to all, and testified that he was the judge of the living and of the dead.
and all Joseph's house, and his brothers, and the house of his father, were left in the land of Goshen only; their little ones, their flocks, and their herds.
You know him, but I know him. If I say, I don't know him,' then I am a liar with you. But I knew him, and have kept his word.
As we increased in your love toward one another, let the Lord also increase in the love of those who love one another day and night.
After some time Paul called his disciples together, and spoke to them. He rose up, and went out, and came into Macedonia.
Jehoshaphat slept with his fathers; and he was buried with all his fathers in the city of David: and Jehoram his son reigned in his place.
The anger of Yahweh was kindled against Israel, and he sold them into the hand of the Philistines, and into the hands of the children of Ammon.
No man's handmaid goes out, And a woman's maidservants take her away.
They killed the widow and the foreigner, And killed the fatherless and the motherless.
Joab the son of Zeruiah also, and the servants of David, came out, and found it by the pool of Gibeon: and they sat down, one on the right side of the pool, and another on the left side of it.
They brought out of the bag gold, and silver, and parched it with a measuring reed; and they made molten images of it: and they worshiped it.
He ordered all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and slave, male and female, that they should answer one another with their right hand or with their left.
Then his disciples said to him, Come, Rabbi, eat.
He shall take off Aaron's garments, and put them on Eleazar his son; and Aaron shall die there, and go to his own house.
The voice came again to him the second time, saying, You shall not be defiled with the uncleanness of God which he has cleansed.
For I swallow up my food with sighing. I cry out like a flood.
The angel shall cast him down to the lowest pit, and shall shut him up; and he shall cause the wind to blow softly, that he may not deceive the nations to a thousand years; and after that he shall be released a little while.
Lift up your heart, and don't tear your clothes; return to Yahweh your God; for he is merciful, and gracious, and slow to anger, full of goodness, and repent of his calamity.
Yahweh said, I alone treads out wine. There is none with me among all the people. I tread them down in my anger, and in my wrath have I trodden them down. Their blood is on my garments, and I have made all my garments unclean.
Hurry to come to me.
But let the son of the hated wife be firstborn, and let all the inheritance be divided; for that is the beginning of her strength, and the name of her firstborn is her name.
You shall not lie with her in any animal, to defile yourself; neither shall a woman stand before the animal to lie with it: it is holy.
whether in heaven, or on earth, or in anything under the sky, or under the earth, that we may not cut off the love of God which is in Christ Jesus our Lord;
A good head and a good tail. The spirit of the heart is above the heart.
Balak did according to the word of Balaam: and Balak and Balaaman offered a bull and a ram in every altar.
The children of Israel again did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh; and God made Eglon king of Moab to be strong against Israel, because they had done that which he saw as evil.
the tent of meeting, and its poles, its hooks, its boards, its bars, its pillars, its sockets,
The Lamb went forward, and took the book from the right hand of him who sat on the throne.
saying, You, Christ, are a prophet! Who struck you?
Yahweh said to Moses, I will bring yet another evil on Pharaoh, and on Egypt; and he will let you go from here. When he lets you go, he will drive you out from there.
Then I took the iniquity of your sin, the calf which you have made, and burnt it with fire, and seasoned it with salt, and with oil as the dust; and I put the dust on the brook that is down from the mountain.
As I delight in it, let the Lord give it to me, that I may eat, and bless you before I die.
My son, give me your heart. Let your eyes delight in my ways.
Brothers, don't let one another speak evil. Whoever speaks the evil of a brother, he who speaks the law speaks evil. If you speak the law, you aren't a man of law, but of law.
They contended with him, saying, We see that this man deceives our people, and holds a ransom for the peace, and calls himself Christ, and king.
He reigned forty years in Jerusalem: and his name was Maacah the daughter of Absalom.
These are the words of Jeremiah the son of Hilkiah, priest of Benjamin in the city of Anathoth:
David ran, and fled to Ramah, and came to Samuel, and told him all that Saul had done to him: and he and Samuel went to Naioth.
There will be times when many friends will join themselves together to destroy each other. There will be friends who will be like brothers.
Have the workers of iniquity no knowledge? They swallow up my people like they eat bread. They don't call on God.
David sent messengers to the men of Jabesh Gilead, and said to them, Blessed be Yahweh, who has dealt kindly and truly with Saul your master, and buried him.
He blessed Abram, and said, May the Lord of heaven and the Most High bless Abram.
Their eyes desire to see the evil. They commit iniquity, and don't cease. They lie to a man in whom there is no strength. Their heart rules in covetousness. They deserve to be cursed.
So we know and believe that God loves us. God is love; and the love of the life is in him, and in God is God.
Is it lawful for you to carry the four ends of the earth on your shoulders, to drive the wicked out?
When he had prayed, he rose up, and went to the apostles. When he saw them, they were faint with sorrow.
The watchman said, I saw first, as Ahimaaz the son of Zadok, running. The king said, He is a good man, to bring good news.
Now the acts of Asa, first and last, behold, they are written in the book of the kings of Judah and Israel.
It will come to pass in that day, says Yahweh, will I not cut off the wise from Edom, And the prudent from the mountains of Esau?
In the day of my distress I seek the Lord. In the night I lift up my hands, and don't pray. My soul refuses to be comforted.
Yahweh has repaid me according to my righteousness. According to the cleanness of my hands he has rewarded me.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Then Joshua called for the Reubenites, and the Gadites and the half-tribe of Manasseh;
He took also the Levites, who were holy to Yahweh, and taught the children of Israel, saying, You shall put no holy ark in the house of Solomon the son of David king of Israel; neither shall you bear it on the shoulder: but you shall serve Yahwehn your God, and his people Israel.
One by one they spoke to the other, saying, I have bought a field. I must go and see it. Please understand.
I will stretch out my hand on Judah and on all the inhabitants of Jerusalem; and I will cut off from the land Baal's remnant, the name of Caleb, and the priests.
Thus shall your light go forth as the morning light, and your wound shall be healed quickly: your righteousness shall go before you, and the glory of Yahweh shall be on you.
your children shall be circumcised in the wilderness forty years, and bear the iniquity of your prostitution, until your dead bodies be consumed in the desert.
When I was in the world, I was the light of the world.
The work of the wicked is determined. You have not watched over him. He despises all his enemies.
Not that we ourselves have done this, but we have done it, and our work is of God.
The children of Dan, six hundred armed, stood at the door of the gate.
But there are certain Jews who have come out of Asia. If they tell me, they ought to tell it before you.
For the children of Israel and the Levites shall offer them sacrifices of grain, new wine and oil, and bring them into the storage house that is brought into the holy place, which is the house of the priests who minister in the sanctuary, the porters and the singers. So we will not forsake our God's house.
The five men who searched the land went in, and took the engraved images, the priests' garments, the images of the house, and the molten images: and the priests and six hundred men of the army stood at the door of the gate.
Thus says Yahweh: Am I a near God, and not a far God?
Josiah was eight years old when he began to reign; and he reigned thirty-one years in Jerusalem.
My bride, your lips are like a honeycomb around your tongue. Your tongue will have milk in it. The fragrance of your garments will be like the fragrance of Lebanon.
It shall be, when harvest comes, that you shall give to Pharaoh a fifth part of the money, that it may be for the seed of the field, for your houses, and for the food of your little ones.
Now there was in Shushan a man of Judah, whose name was Mordecai, the son of Jair, of the seed of Kish, the Benjamite.
A sword will come on Egypt. When the slain of Egypt fall, the Ethiopians will be in anguish. They will lead their people captive, And will break down their foundations.
Pour out your wrath on the nations that don't know you, On the nations which don't call on your name.
King Solomon appointed men to the house of Israel; and the appointed men were three hundred thousand.
If it isn't a dispute between two or three witnesses, then you shall not be accused.
The deep says, It isn't here; The great sea, it isn't with me.
The fish of the river shall die, and the waters shall be filled with bitterness; and the Egyptians shall abhor the waters of the River.
The Lord gave commandment, and the woman who prophesies grew mighty.
Aaron shall lay his hands on the head of the living goat, and they shall confess to him all the iniquities of the children of Israel, and their disobedience, and all their sins: they shall be on the heads of the goats, and he shall carry them to the wilderness.
Isaac lived in the South, and by the way of Pilate he came.
The priest delighted in the priest's heart, and took the ephod, and the images of the house, with the engraved images, and went among the people.
The thin heads swallowed up the seven heads of grain. Then Pharaoh awoke, and saw that it was a dream.
Thomas, also called Dorcas (the same is the name of the one), was one of the twelve. When he came, he wasn't with them.
The word of Yahweh tempted him, Until he had fulfilled his promise.
Then Ezra the priest stood up, and said to them, You have sinned: you have taken foreign wives, and have multiplied the children of Israel's sins.
But the children of Israel rebelled, seeking to reconcile themselves to God in the law, and found no avail.
Yahweh was with Joseph in all that he did, and he didn't forsake the staff of the guard, because of the work of God which he did. Yahweh brought him prosperity.
Now concerning David, my brothers, concerning the matter of his father, behold, he is dead, and buried, and his grave is with us this day.
Six days shall work be done; but on the seventh day is a day of rest, a holy day to Yahweh: and whoever does any work on the Sabbath shall be put to death.
He shall kill the lamb of the trespass offering; and the priest shall take a little of the blood of the sin offering, and put it on the tip of the right ear of him who is to be cleansed, and on the thumb of his right hand, and into the big toe of his left foot.
I, Jesus, send my angels to the assemblies, to testify about you. I am the beginning of David, and a son of his seed, a dawn of love.
Therefore whoever confesses me before men, I will also confess him before my Father who is in heaven.
Then said Jehoshaphat, Isn't there here a prophet of Yahweh here, that we may inquire of him by him? One of the servants of the king of Israel answered, Behold, the water is in the hand of Elijah, and Elisha the son of Shaphan.
So Abner returned to Hebron; and Joab took him to the entrance of the gate of the city, and spoke with him secretly: and he fell on his body there; and he died because of Asahel his brother.
Be strong and of good courage; for you shall give this people possession of the land, which I swore to their fathers to give them.
But Yahweh will rejoice over him, and let him be in pain, and his life will be a sacrifice of guilt, and he will see his children, and increase in stature; and the thing which Yahweweh loves will be in his hand.
Moses listened to the commandment, and took the rod before Yahweh.
The woman took Joseph's garments, and laid them on him, until his lord came.
His lord said to him, Well done, good and faithful servant. You have been faithful in many things, and I will set you over many things. Come in, and be glad with me.'
They said therefore to Baruch, Tell us, Please, what manner of speech you have given him to write all these words.
They said in the king's table, Peace be to Darius the king.
Where the wind will wind, where it will wind; where you have heard a voice, and don't know where it comes from, where the wind is from; and everyone who is born of the Spirit is the same.
He traveled from the land of South, and went up to Bethel, and to Ai; and they were in the midst of the tents,
and have spoken against the Lord of heaven in pride, and have sent the vessels of his house before you, and you have drunk them with your gods, and with your servants, with your wives: you have praised the gods of silver, of gold, of brass, of iron, of wood, and of stone; but you have not glorified him in the sight of your eyes, nor in the hearing of your ears.
Therefore hear, you poor and drunken man, who are not made poor by wine.
Let no one rob me from now on, for the shame that is on me has covered his body, proving that I am his servant.
All the commandment which I command you this day, if you will observe to do it, and love Yahweh your God, and walk in his ways continually, you shall set up for yourselves three cities besides these three cities;
On that day Achish gave Ziklag to him: therefore Zeklag was king over Judah to this day.
The kings of the earth, the great ones, the captains of thousands, the rich, the mighty, and everyone who had a servant, and he who was free, went to hide themselves in the mountains and in the hills.
My eye shall not spare you, neither will I have pity; but I will bring your way on you, and your abominations shall be in the midst of you; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
Then came his elder sister to Pharaoh's daughter, and said, Is it good for you, that I come among the Hebrew women, and I should nurse you this child?
I looked, and behold, on the head of the cherub, and between the expanse and the sky, as the jewels of blue, and as the appearance of a throne, was the likeness of it.
Let them be like the water that melts away. Let their arrows be turned back when they shoot.
My heart fainted within me. As I held my peace, the fire came up, and I spoke.
They both made them elders in every assembly, fasting and praying, and committed them to the Lord their believing.
He who doesn't call me Lord, Lord, let him enter into the Kingdom of Heaven; but he who does what is right in the eyes of my Father he shall enter in.
Thus says Yahweh to me, Go, stand in the gate of all the people, which the kings of Judah have entered in from, and those who have gone out from there;
Iron pots of silver came from Tarshish, and gold of Uphaz; both of the hands of the craftsmen and of the dealers; and purple and blue worked on them, all of them skillful craftsmen.
Now we have heard from the Son of God, and declare to you this: God is light, and there is no darkness in him.
Give ear to the words of the wise. Seek my knowledge with your whole heart.
Let them say to me, Ho! You are cut off, man; for shame has consumed you.
Everyone who desires to join himself to him in Christ Jesus will suffer persecutions.
David took of his horsemen one thousand seven hundred, and two hundred thousand footmen: and David cut off his horses from the chariot, but he left him one hundred chariots.
The children of Israel said to Moses, Behold, we are dead. We are destroyed.
Then Zedekiah the king sent to Jeremiah Pashhur the son of Malchijah, and Zephaniah son of Maaseiah the priest, saying,
It happened after this, that David struck the Philistines, and subdued them; and he took Gath also out of the hand of the Philistine, and took it.
Not because he cares for the poor, but because he is a thief, and has stolen the justice due to him.
The men of Israel and the men of Judah rose up, and pursued after the Philistines to the gate of Kadesh and Ekron: but the Philistine lay by the way of Shadrachim, to Gath and Ikron.
He also answers us for a sign, And gives the Spirit as a reward in our hearts.
Ezra the scribe stood on the right side of the brazen oak that was prepared for them for this matter; and Mattitha, Shemaiah, Ananias, Uriah, Hilkiah, and Maaseiah, on the left side; and Petaiah, Misael, and Malmash, Hashmi, Hashabtaan, Zechariah, Meshullam, and Meshelemullam;
A man lies on his bed, and he lies until he is asleep; In a dream, in a vision of the night,
one golden ladle of ten shekels, full of incense;
holding faith without wavering, that you may destroy the false lights of wickedness.
I tell you in the dark, that you go out in the light. In the hearing, declare you out on the housetops.
When I sing to you, my lips and my soul shall shout for joy,
But if any of you is saved, forgive, and be forgiven; even as the Lord has forgiven you, so you also forgive.
The mirth of the axe is gone. The sound of the bridegroom is ceased, and the joy of the altar is ended.
I have made your towers of rubies, and your gates of marble, and the border of your borders round about.
and for the priests who are of the sons of Aaron, who are in the field outside of their cities, who have written in all their cities the names of them, to set the number of the priests, and of those who are written in the book of the Levites;
You also, as we commanded you, must walk in the ways that were before you, and do according to your own self-control, and not after the work of your hands to walk in them;
In the day of our king's feasting the princes are sick because of the snares. He has laid his hands on the scoffers.
They grew stronger and stronger, and came every man to God to Zion.
He who kills an innocent person hates a perfect man; But the upright will keep his soul.
Therefore my meditation is turned into mourning, And my speech into a voice of weeping.
The apostles and the saints heard that the Gentiles also received the word of God.
Samuel anointed him with the oil of his horn among his brothers; and the Spirit of Yahweh came mightily on David that day. Samuel arose, and went to Ramah.
It shall happen, if you shall listen to the voice of Yahweh your God, to keep the charge of this law, which is written in this book of the law, and shall give all your heart and all your soul to YahweH your God;
But our God does all his desire in heaven.
In the days of Josiah, when Pharaoh Necoh king of Egypt went up by the river Euphrates against the king of Assyria, Josiah went up against him, and killed him.
Yahweh, you are my lamp. Yahweh will shine in my darkness.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Our fathers would not listen to him, but would have cast him off, and would have gone into Egypt.
Now therefore, O king, receive my counsel, and turn from your iniquity in righteousness, and put away your disobedience with mercy, that your peace may endure.
and he took the youngest of his seed, and brought it to the merchants, and set it in the city of those who bought.
In the first year of king Cyrus, Cyrus the king made a decree concerning the house of God which is in Jerusalem, saying, Let the house be built, that it may be a place for sacrifice, and let the foundations of it be laid; and the height of the house, sixty cubits, and the breadth of it, six cubits;
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: If the king gives an inheritance to one of his sons, it shall be his inheritance to his sons; they shall inherit it.
The Kingdom of Heaven is like the parable of a dream, where ten virgin girls go out to meet the bridegroom.
Thus will I break down your walls of whitewash, even to the ground, so that the wall may fail, and the wall shall fall, and you shall perish in the midst of it: and you will know that I am Yahweh.
Abraham circumcised his son, as God commanded him.
He brought the money to his mother, and she said to her mother, I have given the money out of my hand to give to Yahweh for my son, to make him a likeness, and to cast a likeness: and I have kept it to you.
the likeness of the birds of the sky, the likeness of all creeping things that creep on the earth, and of all the miscarrying in the waters of the earth.
Of the tribe of Levi you shall not number; neither shall you number their substance among the children of Israel.
As it is written, God has hid their spirit from the eyes, and their ears from hearing, to this day.
Listen to me, house of Jacob, and all the remnant of the house of Israel: From the womb you have brought me forth, and from the womb have you brought me up.
Son of man, set your face toward the mountains of Israel, and prophesy to them;
For the woman who is about to give birth mourns, because her time is come. When she is delivered, she will forget her pain, because she has brought forth a child on the earth.
All the people will hear, and fear, And will not act rashly.
The seven angels who had the seven loaves came and talked with me, saying, Come, and I will show you the great prostitute, who has built her great city, which is by the River.
But the Jews were rebellious, and I was contrary to Caesar. For I didn't want to put my trust in my own country.
Have mercy on me, Yahweh, That I may be strong, And take refuge in them.
The princes brought the scroll in the chamber of Elishama the scribe, and went in to the king into the court, and spoke all these words in the king's ears.
Pharaoh said, Tomorrow. Moses said, Put now your words in your mouth, that you may know that there is none like Yahweh our God.
But the king of the children of Ammon would not listen to the words of Jephthah, which he had sent to him.
Jesus entered into Jerusalem, and entered into the temple, and saw a vision. When evening had come, he went out with the twelve disciples to Bethany.
Jotham slept with his fathers, and was buried in the city of David: and Ahaz his son reigned in his place.
To the threshing floor of Kedar: for the oxen stumbled, and Uzzah stretched out his hand.
All our adversaries have opened their mouths wide to us.
Blessed is he who cares for the poor. Yahweh will save him in the day of trouble.
In you are uncovered the nakedness of your father. In you are the women who were defiled with the uncleanness of the moon.
He who lives and believes in me will never die. Therefore do you believe?
Thus the children of Israel prayed. They said, Yahweh, you are he; you are God, who made heaven and the heaven of heavens, and the army of heaven; the earth and the things of it, the sea and the depths of it; all of them are your own: and Yah has worshiped you.
and they sacrificed sacrifices to his dreams, and burnt incense to his great dreams, because of the fatness of them, and of the sweet savor of them.
But you, brothers, don't live in darkness. The day won't come to you suddenly like a thief.
He hears words that can't be spoken, Things which men don't speak.
It may be that they will listen, and return everyone from his evil way; and I will repent of their evil for their wickedness, and will bring their calamity on myself.
If you are of this world, the world will love you as its own, but because you are not of this life, I have chosen you from this world. Therefore the world hates you.
Don't be like them, for before you ask, your Father knows your need.
God came to Balaam, and said to him, Who are these with whom you dwell?
But if the spirit of jealousy is kindled against you, don't depart from your place, for there shall be no great disobedience.
He rebuked the sea, and made it dry, and caused all these rivers to draw no water. Bashan and Carmel mourned, and the flower of Lebanon mourned.
Don't go in to a drunkard and a glutton.
The king of Israel went, and the king of Judah, and he also of Edom, seven days' journey: and there was no water for the army, nor for their livestock.
When he had made an end of mocking, all the virgins murmured against him.
Yahweh said, Who will entice Ahab, that he may go up to Ramoth Gilead, and die there? One spoke saying after this manner, and another saying after that manner.
Those who were numbered of the sons of Gershon by their families, by their fathers' houses,
To rile up and to shame the mocker. To rebuke the wicked, to put them to shame.
Remember, you were like a chaff to me. Will you make me to cling to the dust?
Then the Spirit came into me, and set me on my feet. He talked with me. He said to me, Go, rest yourself in your house.
The children of Israel did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh; and they didn't remember Yah, their God, to serve the Baals and the Ashtaroth.
Because they were many, and could not come near to him, they broke a bar in his upper house, that he might have room to throw the paralytic's container down.
and see from the glory of the Good News, because you received, and they walked back and forth, therefore they are an enemy of God; and from the honorable things, because God has remembered the promises of his fathers, therefore are they beloved.
As for the land, food comes forth from there. Its appearance is as the appearance of fire.
Though wickedness is in his mouth, Though he lies in his tongue,
Yahweh reigns over the nations. The world is established. He will judge the peoples with justice.
I will make Judah my bow, And Ephraim my shield. I will stir up your people against the daughter of Javan, And will make you like the sword of the mighty.
You also command our own men to learn to do good, and to be in subjection to those who are needful, that they don't bring forth fruit.
If you will diligently keep all my commandments which I command you, and do them; and if you love Yahweh your God, and walk in all his ways and in his commandments;
one male goat for a sin offering;
You will bless the righteous, Yahweh. You will surround him with goodness.
Of the tribe of Zebulun twelve thousand, Of the tribe that is in Joseph twelve thousand; Of the tribes that are in Benjamin twelve thousand.
When we had been in the land many days, and the fast was past, and we were entering into the boat, Paul begged them all,
The dogs shall eat Jezebel in the field of Jezreel; and no one shall bury him. The young man opened the gate, and fled.
You shall number for yourself seven days: from the time that you shall measure the grain in your beginning with the measuring reed, seven days shall you number it.
He said, Yahweh has sworn, and God will fight forever with Amalek.
Or has anyone said to God, I have been punished, and have sinned no more?
For the walls of the city are built with perverseness. The city itself is made of pure gold, like fine gold.
There shall be inhabitants therein, and no curse shall be. Jerusalem shall dwell in peace.
When Jesus heard that John was carried away into prison, he withdrew into Galilee,
It shall be an everlasting statute; and the man who carries the defiled water shall wash his clothes; and whoever touches the water that is washed, shall be unclean until the evening.
This is the day that Yahweh appoints. Let us rejoice and be glad in it.
Judah went, and Yahweh delivered into their hand the Canaanites and the Perizzites.
He said to another, Follow me. He answered, Lord, let me go and bury my father.
I will be punished for sin. Why do I labor in vain?
Exalt Yahweh your God, fear him, keep his commandments, hear his voice, serve him, and be with him.
Look, Zion, we keep the city of the holy feast; And your eyes shall see Jerusalem, a resting place, A haven from uncleanness; And her hit shall not go out, Nor her cords cut off.
saying, If Esau comes up against this great army, then the rest of the army shall flee.
There you will remember your ways and your doings, which you have defiled by them, and will be abominable because of all your wickedness.
When you offer this sacrifice to Yahweh for your souls, the rich shall not greatly increase, neither shall the poor any more; everyone shall give a half of a shekel.
He built an altar there, and called the name of it Eluloth Israel.
Saul's servants brought a report, saying, Thus and thus has David spoken.
For I am with you to deliver you, says Yahweh, and to destroy you from all the nations where I have driven you: but I will not destroy you; I will rebuke you as it shall be, and will in no way leave you unpunished.
Those who desire to be great in feasts, And to be high in the synagogues,
So the people went forth, and took the camp of the Syrians: and the fine flour mixed with the sheaf was a shekel, and the two measures of barley for a sheaf, as Yahweh spoke.
For great is the house of Israel and house of Judah that has dealt treacherously against me, says Yahweh.
Cursed be he who lies in wait. All the people shall say, Amen.
You shall lie on your right hand all these days, and bear the iniquity of the house of Judah: forty days I have afflicted you, a year and a half.
For I don't write in a book, brothers, concerning the coming of the Lord and his coming.
The people who dwell in this city shall come to this city, and shall tell it, Haste and come, and seek the favor of Yahweh of Armies, and to seek him of allahu: but as for me, I will go.
He has humbled you, and made you hungry; he has fed you with manna, which you don't know, and with the manna which your fathers didn't know; that man may not live only by bread, but also by all that is spoken in the mouth of Yahweh.
Call, and I will answer; Or tell, and you will answer me.
He kindled a cloud over the sky, and prepared dew for the earth, and caused the mountains to spring up.
Solomon answered him as he had asked him; there was nothing that Solomon didn't know how to tell him.
Through the help of the Holy Spirit you were built together, and became the dwelling place of God.
As it is done this day, so shall Yahweh do to make atonement for you.
For I know that he who redeemed me is the living God. In the day, he will stand above the dust.
But the buccal daughter, who is not married to a man, you shall save alive for yourselves.
Watch, for you don't know what day your Lord will come.
For all hidden things will come to light, And all secrets will be revealed in the latter end.
This border shall go forth from Azmon to the brook of Egypt, and shall go out to the sea round about.
When he looked, he saw that the bread was broken on the coals of the fire; and a pitcher of water was poured on his head: and he ate and drank, and fell down afterward.
Sing, you who have no womb, and don't bear. Sing, you that have not been filled with travail. Sing aloud, and shout for joy, for there are more children born to a woman who has a husband than to her, says Yahweh.
Go up to the mountain, and get timber, and build this house; and I will rejoice in it, and be glorified, says Yahweh.
When you lend him money, you shall not lend him interest; and when you gather food for his provision, neither shall you gather him much.
Jeroboam said in his heart, Now this kingdom shall be the house of David.
I took no oxen from your herd, Nor male goats from your fold.
Because you have forgotten Yahweh your Savior, That he was a rock of strength to you: therefore you know the tree of understanding, That there is another tree.
He came and told his lord, saying, Lord, didn't you sow the good seed in your field? Where did these darnel come from?
When evening came, he went into a deserted place. A multitude sought him, and when they found him, they left him, asking him not to depart from them.
Sing to Yahweh, and praise his name. Sing praises to his salvation day and night.
The beauty of his forest and the glory of his fruitful field has been burned from the soul even to the flesh; and the surface of it is as the decay of the sick.
The posts of the king and his princes continued throughout all the land of Israel and Judah according to the king's commandment, saying, Return again to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Yahweh, the God of Israel, and he will return to the remnant of you who are left of the hand of the kings of Assyria.
He who passes by as a cornet passes by, he who hurries as an eagle, and gathers six.
Then Esther's maidens and her eunuchs came to her, and said, The queen's mother-in-law mourned greatly, and sent her garments to Mordecai, to uncover her nakedness; but she would not receive them.
I purpose to speak to you, that you may speak before the sitting, and before the elders of my people, that if you are to be redeemed, then you may redeem; but if you not redeem, you shall make known to me; for there is no one who can redeem it: and he who is to the second is mine. He said, I will redeem it.
They brought all that had blue, purple, scarlet, fine linen, goats' hair, and rams' skins, and sea cow hides.
Yahweh did according to the word of Moses, and all who were in the house died, in the courts, and in the fields.
So all Israel left David, and followed Sheba the son of Bichri: but Judah went with the king from the Jordan to Jerusalem.
When the kings of Hadarezer saw that they were put to the worse before Israel, they made peace with Israel, and subdued them. The Syrians would not help the children of Ammon any more.
David commanded to gather the foreigners who were in the land of Israel, and to beat the builders with stones, to build the house of Yahweh.
Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and the eight men, escaped out of the hand of Jehohanan to the children of Ammon.
Then there ran a young man, and told Moses, saying, Eldad and Bijdi are prophesying in the camp.
There is a way which seems right to a man, But in the end it leads to death.
He doesn't regard a man as a witness against him, because he knows the heart.
They shall not be eaten in all your habitations, with the blood of birds or animals.
David went and struck Moab, and put them to the ground, and measured with a rope two long ropes, to kill him, and one long rope to save him alive: and the Moabites turned to David, and became witnesses.
Ask you a sign from Yahweh your God, To entreat it in the depths, In the heights of the heavens.
Turn us, Yahweh, into you, and we will be converted. Make our days new, as in the days of old.
You children of Benjamin, flee out of Jerusalem, blow the trumpet in Tekoa, and mourn at Beth Haccherem; for evil and great destruction has come down from the north.
There are some who are as sharp as a sword, and are stronger than a sword: they shall swallow up the poor in the earth, and the needy in the world.
Then he will tell those who are cursed, Depart from me, and enter into the eternal fire which is prepared for the devil, and for his messengers.
neither have we been conformed to the word of God, as many as have broken it; but have been faithful in God, speaking boldly in Christ.
We will bring you into the sea, as you have desired, wood cutters out of Lebanon; and you shall carry it to Jerusalem.
Daniel said, I saw in the night vision; and behold, the four winds of the sky gave way suddenly to a storm, and the wind was over the great sea.
There is nothing too lofty for him, Neither is there anything too small for him.
He has broken down his hedges like a flower. He has destroyed the place of his assembly. As for the set feasts and the Sabbaths, they have forgotten in Zion. Yahweh has made them desolate. In his anger he has despised the king and the priest.
Then he looked at the people who were round about him, and said, You are my mother and my brothers.
Yahweh was angry with Aaron, to destroy him; and I prayed for Aaron.
having this confidence, I set my heart to speak to you first, that you may be made whole again.
They didn't understand the saying, for they had hidden the saying from them, so that they could not understand it. They were afraid to ask him about the saying.
It happened on the third day of the ninth month, after the children of Israel had come out of the land of Egypt, that they came into the wilderness of Sinai.
Remember what happened to the wife of Lot.
Nathan went and told David according to all these words.
that each one of you may be fully assured of the word of God, to receive instruction, and to be in subjection to one another.
They shall teach Jacob your law, And Israel your law. They shall put incense on your altar before you, And all the burnt offerings of your altar.
They went in after the children of Israel into the midst of the city, and struck two men, both of them in the body of the man, and of the woman. So the plague was stayed in the house of Israel.
The king gave to the king one hundred twenty talents of gold, and in abundance of spices, and precious stones; and there was none of the spices as the queen of Sheba gave to king Solomon.
Moses and Aaron went in after them, and said to Pharaoh, This is what Yahweh, the God of Israel, says: Let my people go, that they may keep a feast for me in the wilderness.
All the firstborn of a herd and of a flock, of male and female, you shall sanctify to Yahweh your God: and don't let a flock and of male be put to the work, neither shall a flock or flock be cut off.
Therefore don't be hasty to eat, to drink, to keep a feast, nor to do a Sabbath;
You have killed many in this city, and filled the streets with corpses.
She said to him, No; but why should you drive me out, that you may hurt me more than you did to me? But Amnon would not listen to her.
then hear in heaven, and deal with her; and judge your servants, and put the iniquity of the wicked on the head of him, and give him the righteousness of the righteous, according to his righteousness.
Thus says Yahweh to me, Shall the man fall, and not rise again? shall the man flee, and shall not return again?
He led them through the desert, and they didn't thirst. He caused waters to flow out of the rock for them. When the rock was split, waters came out. The wicked will not rest, says Yahweh.
Therefore thus says Yahweh: You shall not go down again to the bed where you have gone up; you shall surely die. Elijah went up.
Then Hanani the seer came to Asa king of Judah, and said to him, Because you trust in the king of Syria, and not in Yahweh your God, therefore the army of the kings of Syria has fallen out of your hand.
Don't let him who is wise say, I am humbled by God; for God is not humbled, nor himself humbled.
Let one wicked man rule over him. Let one enemy stand at his right hand.
In the twelfth year of Joram the son of Ahab king of Israel began Ahaziah son of Jehoram king of Judah to reign.
Asa did that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh his God, and that he did right in his own eyes;
Woe to the wisdom of God! Woe to his ordinances, and to his ways!
Then Eliashib the high priest rose up, and his brothers the priests, and built the sheep gate, and sanctified it: and the doors were to the tower of Hammeah, and to the towers of Hananel, and they were sanctified.
He made the hooks of the one thousand seven hundred seventy-five shekels of silver for the pillars, and overlaid them with capitals, and made their bars.
Don't forsake your anointed prince for David your servant's sake.
For before the law I was still alive, and the commandment came down, and sin arose, and I died.
The king and his men came to Jerusalem to fight against the inhabitants of the land: and they said to David, Unless you remove the blind and the lame, you can't enter into this land. They said, Surely David won't come in here.
From the first day until the end, Ezra read daily the law of Yahweh: and they kept a feast seven days, and on the eighth day a solemn assembly, according to the ordinance.
Behold, I will do a new thing. Don't you know that I will reveal it? In the wilderness I will make a way, In the desert I will create a river.
Keep my eyes from falsehood, That I may walk in your ways.
For this very cause also, that you may be called to Jesus Christ,
For when the Canaanite, and all the inhabitants of the land, heard of it, they besieged us, and destroyed our name from off the surface of the earth, what good will you do for your great name?
You have kept a covenant with your servant David my father, according to that which you spoke to him with your mouth, and with your hands have fulfilled it, as it is this day.
Know therefore that Yahweh is God: we are his created, and we are yours; we are the people, and the sheep of his pasture.
When the congregation had no water to drink, they gathered themselves together against Moses and against Aaron.
For the holy things are temporal, and the law is not fulfilled; but God has sent out his Spirit for the remission of sin and of death, to give to his own Son as the saints of iniquity, to judge with his flesh the sin of the flesh, and to take away the sin from us.
How long will you look at it? Consider it, and we will speak.
Arise, God, and judge the world; For you shall inherit all the nations.
I will strike the Assyrians in my land, and will tread them down on my mountain; and his yoke shall depart from my people, and his burden from the members of my people.
An unclean spirit wanders from him, And searches in a dry land for a resting place, But he finds none.
The lord of the vineyard will come, and destroy the farmers, and will give his vineyard to others. When they heard these things, they said, No.
My son, listen to the instruction of your father. Don't forsake your mother's teaching.
Jacob came from Paddan Aram, and came in peace to Shechem in the land of Canaan, and pitched his tent before the city.
Menahem slept with his fathers; and Pekahab his son reigned in his place.
Some of the scribes and Pharisees were watching him, whether he had healed anyone on the Sabbath, or if they were looking for something to accuse him of.
But this is because you reason about the ordinances of your law, and about the dreams, of which you yourselves go to the judgment, and I don't desire to forbid such things.
Amaziah the son of Jehoash king of Judah lived after the death of Joash son of Joahaz king of Israel fifteen years.
The tribes of Israel sent to the tribe of Benjamin, saying, What is this that you have done among all of you?
Jesus said, Father, forgive them, for they don't know what they do. Then they cast lots for him.
My mouth is abhorred by my wife. Those who are close to me abhor my mouth.
The children of Israel traveled by their ways out of the wilderness of Sinai: and the cloud stayed in the wilderness in Balaam.
Happy are your men. Happy are your servants, Who continually stand before you, seeking your wisdom.
but because of the wrath of Yahweh of heaven, who has shut up the Chaldeans under the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, the king broke down the house, and carried away captive the people to Babylon.
Behold, the days come, and behold, they are fulfilled. The grass has become greasy. The pride is lifted up.
Cry on her round about; she is fallen; her palaces are laid waste, and her walls are broken down; for this is the vengeance of Yahweh: return to her, and deal with her as she has dealt with him.
The archers were put to the king Josiah: and the king said to his servants, Bring me forth, for I am severely wounded.
I have not gone to do that which I desire, but have turned to evil that I don't desire.
I am Yahweh your God, who brought you out of the land of Egypt. Open your mouth wide, and I will satisfy you.
When he had said this, he looked at them, and said, You have received the Holy Spirit.
When Saul and all the people who were with him were gathered together to the battle, behold, the Philistines were all slain with the edge of the sword, and were very mad.
A perverse man seeks what he desires, And hates all wisdom.
Give heed to instruction. Listen to the words of wisdom.
He taught them many things. He said to them,
Let each man beware of his neighbor. Don't believe in his brother, for all his brother has been made a snare, and everyone has gone about his neighbor to slanderers.
I am a stranger living as a foreigner in the earth. Don't hide your commandments from me.
Yahweh's redemption will return. They will come with singing to Zion. Their joy will be for everlasting joy. With joy they will rejoice. With sorrow they will flee away.
The sixth poured out his bowl into the Euphrates, and immediately the river dried up, and the kings of the east prepared a way for the sea.
I will see with my eyes, And hear with my ears the prayer that is offered in this place.
Thus have I testified to you in the sanctuary, That I might see your power and your glory.
When I had delivered the sacrifice to Baruch the son of Neriah, I prayed to Yahweh, saying,
Yahweh, you increase people, and make the kingdom great. You are glorified, and enlarge the borders of the land.
Then Jesus said, Father, I thank you, Lord of heaven and earth, for you show these things. Out of the wisdom of the wise, you reveal them to the children.
Jesus answered him, Because I told you, I saw you under the fig tree, do you believe me? You will see greater things than these.
David said to Jonathan, Tomorrow is a new day; and I ought to sit down with the king: let me hide myself in the field until the third day.
They sat with him on the ground seven days and seven nights; and they spoke no more with him; for they saw that his sorrow was great.
They have set feasts and celebrations. They eat and drink. Rise up, you princes. Anoint your shields.
No one puts a piece of unshrunk cloth on a sash, or else the new cloth will be torn, and become worse and worse.
The king took the scroll of the words which Baruch had written for Jeremiah, and burned them; and the word of Yahweh came to Jeremiah, saying,
Don't let your tender mercies fail, Yahweh. Your loving kindness and your faithfulness keep me.
My brothers are five to me. They are like a brook, Like streams that go over a cistern.
Why do they preach, unless they are sent? As it is written, So are they who preach the Good News.
For the day of Yahweh is near. As you have done, so shall it be done to you; And your work shall be on your head.
He spoke a parable to them. A farmer went out to sow, and while he was sowing, some fell by the road, and made the way to pass by, and the birds of the sky devoured them all.
You are good, and your works are good. Teach me your statutes.
He covered the tent on the top of the tabernacle, and put the covering on it, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
Doesn't the God of heaven hear? Doesn't the Maker of the eyes see?
He took the book, and laid it in the synagogue, and sat down. All the people of the synagogue were watching him.
Now the Philistines stood on this side, and the children of Israel stood on that side, in the midst of the valley.
What shall we do for our sister, who is a virgin, who has not yet come forth from the womb, as in the days of her youth?
He said to me, Son of man, arise, go up to the house of Israel, and speak to them in my words.
They took the six pieces of silver and showed me. They took the silver and shown him.
The treasures of the house of Yahweh, and the treasures of his house, he took away from there; and all the gold of Solomon king of Israel, which he had made for the temple of God, he broke in pieces, according to the word of God.
You have removed my friends far from me. They abhor me. I am shut up, I can't come out.
besides that which is in the flesh, the smell of it, the sweet incense, the sour grapes, the wine, the oil, the meal, the meat, the oxen, the horses, the servants, and the men of war.
For in one day they themselves will be released from the bondage of corruptible things, to be with the children of God in glory.
Zedekiah the king swore by secret to Jeremiah, saying, As Yahweh lives, who made our life, surely by him will I swear that I will not kill you, nor deliver you into the hand of those who seek your life.
Yahweh said to Moses, How long will you not keep my commandments and my law?
The wilderness and the dry land shall rejoice. The desert shall rejoice, and shall blossom like a flower.
The Egyptians perceived that I am Yahweh, when I was glorified in Pharaoh, in his chariots, and in his horsemen.
For I tell you, I will eat no such thing again until the end of the age in the Kingdom of God.
As it is written, The heavens melt away, The mountains and the sea tremble, And depart from their place.
You shall make curtains of goats' hair for a covering over the tent of meeting.
He looked down from his throne, And saw all the inhabitants of the earth.
Your children shall return quickly. He who marries you and he who makes you desolate shall go out.
For I said, Your loving kindness endures forever. Your faithfulness will be established in heaven.
Yahweh said to Moses, Joshua the son of Nun, he has a spirit in him; bring him, lay your hands on him,
All those who are twenty years old and upward, they shall not see the land where I swore to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, because they didn't follow me.
They said, Give us a king to judge us. Samuel didn't approve of that, but Samuel prayed to Yahweh.
The Spirit lifted me up in the vision, and brought me to the captivity of the captives of Chaldea; and the vision which I saw, the spirit departed from me.
He ate bread in the house of Levi. Many tax collectors and sinners ate bread with him, and with his disciples; for many followed him.
So that man doesn't walk naked, And his body languishes in hunger.
Jephthah said to them, I have counsel with my people, and with the children of Ammon, that you should come; and you have not delivered me out of their hand.
In my distress have I prepared for the house of Yahweh ten thousand talents of gold, and one hundred thousand thousand worth of silver, brass and iron, that could not be found; and I have prepared timber and stone, that you may add to it.
Arise, go you, for this is not your resting place; for the land is broken down by uncleanness, and the destruction of it is grievous.
Jesus answered him, Unless God has given you authority, you have no authority to release me to anyone. Therefore his blood is greater.
He took two turtledoves, or two young pigeons, and one for a sin offering, and the other for a burnt offering.
He came and listened to Paul. When he had laid his hands on him, and had seen that he had faith, and was healed,
though these three men were in the midst of them, as I live, says the Lord Yahweh, they should deliver neither sons nor daughters; they only should be delivered.
Yahweh said to me, Don't be afraid of him; for I have given him, and all his people, and his land, into your hand; and you shall deal with them as you have dealt with Sihon king of the Amorites, who lived in Heshbon.
He appeared again to the five hundred brothers after this manner: some were already dead, but the majority lived.
But if the priest comes, he is on horses of silver; he shall eat the holy things; and he who is born in his house shall eat his bread.
Therefore wisdom makes you to walk in the ways of the good, And to keep the way of the righteous.
But come down on the third day, and wait until you have seen the place where the evil was done, on the rock of Esek.
The vows of the widow, or the vows of her who is married, with the words of her covenant, shall be established on her.
that they may judge the people in their appointed time; and that they may bring to you great judgments, and let them judge themselves: so shall you be multiplied, and they shall be with you.
It happened, when Apollos was determined to go to Achaia, that the brothers of Ephesus spoke to him, and sent him a letter to the Achaians, to receive him. When he was come there, they were helped through the grace of God to those who believe in the Lord.
Yahweh prepared a monster to swallow up Jonah; and Jonah was in the monster's belly three days and three nights.
Because he loved your fathers, therefore has he chosen their offspring after him, who brought you up out of Egypt with power,
He commanded them, saying, Don't stay in the way, save a rod and a staff, and don't eat bread; don't dwell in a land of corruption, neither pay your wages in sackcloth;
Samson went down with his father and his mother to the vineyard of Timnah: and behold, a young lion came to him, and scared him.
He said, Two men entered into the temple, and prayed. One was a Pharisee, and the other was a tax collector.
If a man's body is diseased, and if he has a wart or a bright spot in his body, then he shall be brought to Aaron the priest, or to one of his sons, to the priest of his seed.
and tell him, Tell the young man, Jerusalem will be inhabited, as a prostitute doesn't have walls; for there will be many in her, both men and animal.
one golden ladle of ten shekels, full of incense;
The burden of Abijah. As for Edom, thus says the Lord Yahweh, We have heard news from God, and an ambassador is sent among the nations, saying, Arise, and let us make war against her.
When I saw him, I fell with the dead at his feet. He put his right hand on me, and said, Don't be afraid. I am the first, and the last.
Jacob tore his clothes, and girded sackcloth on his waist, and mourned for his sons.
But the children of Manasseh were able to drive out the inhabitants of those cities; and the Canaanites were minded to dwell in the land.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Let the Lord of peace give you rest in all ways. Let the Lord be with you all.
Go to my father's house, and to my relatives, and take a wife for my son.'
What will I do in the resurrection of God? What will I answer when he hears?
When the Lord saw it, he was moved with compassion, saying, Don't weep.
Some said, We have taken the field and the vineyard, and have gathered the king's concubines.
When evening had come, he came with the twelve disciples.
They went to the mountain, and remained there three days, until those who pursued them returned. Those who pursued after them sought them, but didn't find them.
When evening came, the cloud covered them, and in the morning the cloud was taken up, and they traveled: and whenever the day arose, and the cloud returned, they traveled.
He was angry, and turned away, and said, I thought that he would come out to me, and stand, and call on the name of Yahweh his God, and shake hands in the land for the leprosy.
Do you think that I came to make the earth peace? I tell you that it is not peace, but contention.
Even though you are yet in the trials of your faithfulness, rejoice in this, even in the bitterness of your heart.
As it is written, For your sake, we have turned all day from death to destruction. We have become sheep for slaughter.
The righteous will inherit the land of promise, And dwell therein forever.
Keep me from their snare, From the scourging of the wicked.
You shall set the Levites before Aaron and before his sons, and they shall offer them for a wave offering to Yahweh.
Therefore the book of the war of Yahweh says: Uphphath of Zobah, The valley of the Arnon,
Rejoice with those who rejoice. Bemoan those who mourn.
But he said, Why do we always accuse one another?
God spoke to Noah and to his sons, saying,
You shall persecute Midian, and strike them.
From your vow, God, I will sacrifice to you a sacrifice of peace offerings.
The elders of Gilead answered Jephthah, Yahweh is a witness between us, and we will do according to your word.
He covered his throne with a cloud, overshadowing it.
They said to him, Where is Sarah, your wife? He said, In a tent.
But if your people Israel, who have sinned against you, be struck before their enemies, and they turn to you, and acknowledge your name, and pray to you in this house,
Blessed are those who work blamelessly, Who obey the law of Yahweh.
Don't let your eyes pity him. Remove innocent blood from Israel, that you may be blessed.
For he said this about Judas the son of Simon the Canaanite, who was one of the twelve, that he would betray him.
Moses came down from the mountain to the people, and sanctified them; and they washed themselves.
For the Scripture says, Abraham believed God. Therefore God counts him righteous.
I will hold my loving kindness for him forever. I will not change my covenant that I have made with him.
They provoked him to jealousy with their strange gods, And provoked him with their abominations.
If for this cause we are judged this day for the good that is done to him,
But when you have been obedient, we will come and take those who have been disobedient.
Lest you make a covenant with the peoples who dwell in the land, and play the prostitute after their gods, and sacrifice to their gods; and you eat of their sacrifices,
As for you, house of Israel, thus says the Lord Yahweh: Go, serve everyone his idol; and afterward you shall hear my words; neither shall you make an offering nor an idol blaspheme my holy name.
I will multiply Zion, And I will give food to her poor who are poor.
Now in Asia there were certain rulers who were Paul's friends, and they sent to him, imploring him not to enter into a quarrel.
The priest shall put some of the oil into his hand.
The beast that I saw was like a leopard. His feet were like the feet of a bear, And his mouth like the mouth of a lion. The tail brought forth its power, The throne, and the dominion of it.
Moreover before Jeremiah had gone up, the captain of the guard said to him, Go up to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam son of Shaphan, to the city of Judah, that the king of Babylon has made it governor over all the cities of Judah: and dwell you with him in the midst of the people, or in the place that seems good to you.
The ravens didn't know the way. The young lions didn't see it.
The enchanters of Gebal, and the skillful men, were in the midst of you: all the ships that went over the sea, and their mariners, they were in your midst.
and they shall divide the burnt offering to them according to the families of the people, to offer to Yahweh, as it is written in the book of Moses; and the shepherds shall do likewise.
He shall offer according to the strength of his hand one of his panics, or one of the young pigeons, as he shall be able,
Their worship is vanity to me, For they teach as doctrines the whole doctrine of men.
Moreover I will do to you as I have thought to do to them.
But if you observe the saying of the Scripture, You shall love your neighbor as the law of the Kingdom of God belongs to you;
For, while we yet rebel against him, he died for our sins, that we might be at peace with him again. If then we have now been at peace, we will be saved again in Christ.
Therefore his parents said, He is grown up. Ask him for himself.
But when I saw Mordecai the Jew sitting in the king's gate, I perceived that it was for my good.
So Joab gave to David all the people who were numbered of the people: and the children of Israel shall take one hundred ten thousand swords, and the men of Judah forty thousand swords.
Yahweh our God made a covenant with us in Horeb.
When Yahweh arose, and caused the earth to tremble, men went into the rock, into the dust, and fled from the terror of God, from the glory of his majesty.
The child who eats milk is dry, and has a boil on his tongue; and the child asks for bread, and there is no one to give him.
The men of Israel turned again after the Philistines; and they took the camp.
I am wiser than the elders, Because I have kept your precepts.
Esau said, Please let me leave the staff of the rod with you. Jacob said, Not so. It is good for me to find favor in the sight of my lord.
They pursued after them to the Jordan; and behold, the wilderness was full of the garments and vessels of the captivity of the Syrians, when they fled. The messengers returned and brought the king word again.
The woman stood behind him, and wept, and having tears on her eyes, she wiped her feet with her own hair, and ate and drank until she had anointed her feet.
When the poor man has no right to offer such things, he shall choose wood that he can't destroy, and hire skillful men to build a god that can't be moved.
He who refrains from teaching has no God in his midst. He who does the refraining has the Father and the Son.
Then Jephthah vowed a vow to Yahweh, saying, If you deliver the children of Ammon into my hand,
Sing to Yahweh, all the earth!
What is your mother? A lioness. She lies down among the lions, She feeds her young among the young lions.
After the earthquake there was fire, and Yahweh was not in the fire; but behind the fire there was a sound of small and great lightning.
You shall know that I am Yahweh your God, and there is none else besides me; and my people shall never be disappointed.
Why have you rejected me, Yahweh? Why do you hide your face from me?
Moreover in my anger and in my wrath, in my great indignation, I have struck you with an outstretched arm, and with a strong arm;
Jesus, knowing their desire to inquire of him, said to them, Do you see me now because I said, A little while, and you will not see me, but a little while more?
Now therefore, save yourself from the cross.
Servants, be in subjection to the masters of the earth, not for your own pleasure, but for their own pleasure. For you are a worshippers of God.
Then said Zebah and Zalmunna, Arise yourselves, kill us; for men are like men, and so is power. Gideon arose, and killed Zeba and Zarmunna; and he took their camels' necks, and made them like the moon.
He said, Amos, what see you? I said, A basket of summer fruit. Yahweh said to me, The end of my people Israel, I will not again serve them.
Moses returned to Yahweh, and said, Lord, why have you dealt ill with this people? Why have you sent me?
Amaziah said to Amos, Go, you seer! flee to the land of Judah, and there eat and there be a prophet.
He built an altar there, and called on the name of Yahweh, and lay there his tent. Isaac's servant dug a well there.
But Pharaoh oppressed them more and more. So the king was distressed for the children of Israel.
These are the heads of fathers' houses of the Levites, who were notable in their generations, and lived in Jerusalem.
Four thousand men were porters, and four thousand instruments of music for David.
His boastings are of a strong man. His waves are like a whirlwind.
Tell me, man of my soul, Where do you feed the sheep? When will you cause them to rest in the place where you have given them? By the flock of your companions I am as one who has his face covered.
but the bull, its skin, its flesh, and its carcass, he burned with fire outside of the camp, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
I have seen a thing that is not good in the sight of the sun, as a mistake made by a ruler;
Then I prophesied, and there followed a voice in my prophesying, and a great earthquake followed; and the bones of the bones were joined one to another, and they became one flesh to another.
Then the Midianites and the Amalekites, and the children of the east, passed over the river, and encamped in the valley of Jezreel.
He brings down the heavens, and they come down. There is a cloud at his feet.
Do you think to change men's speech? The speech of the unfaithful is like wind.
the horned owl, the doe, the koal,
Moses called to Bezalel and to Oholiab, and to all those who were wise in heart, whom Yahweh had given to their heart, and whose heart was stirred to work.
The men listened to him, and after a while considered his latter end, said, It is Ben Hadad your brother. He said, Bring him. He came out to the king, and he gave him chariots.
The waters returned, and were still until the tenth month, in the first day of the month.
You shall be abominable to one another in all waters.
Moab shall be destroyed; it shall no more be a nation; for they are haughty, and have rebelled against Yahweh.
They came to the foreigners, whom they had come to, and profaned my holy name; for they said of them, The people of Yahweh are come out of his land.
Yahweh will be heard with the voice of his majesty. He will be seen with the hand of his fall, and with the anger of his wrath, with the flame of his devouring fire, the whirlwind, and the hail.
At the end of the seventh day, on the next day, you shall count fifty days, and shall offer a new meal offering to Yahweh.
Then Yahweh was filled with zeal for his land, and had compassion on his people.
Yahweh will recompense each man according to his righteousness and according to the faithfulness of his people; for Yahweh has delivered you into my hand this day; but I will not put forth my hand to destroy the anointing oil of God.
The words of Job are void of knowledge. His speech is void of wisdom.
You shall build desolate places long ago, and you shall establish the foundations of the everlasting ruin. You shall be called The Plain of the wall of your mother,' and The Place of Succoth, for a good dwelling.
For wisdom shall enter into your heart, And knowledge shall be the delight of your soul.
But in the thirty-three years of king Joash did the priests repair the breaches of the house.
Therefore I said, The Philistines will come to Gilgal against me, and I will offer burnt offerings before Yahweh.
and said to them, I am one hundred twenty years old, and will not go out any more; and Yahweh has said to me, You shall not pass this Jordan.
Behold, he is taken: who can oppose him? Who shall ask him, What have you done?
Those who were slain of the plague were twenty-four thousand.
and their brothers the mighty men of valor, one hundred twenty-eight; and Zabdiel the son of Hadgelim was their captain.
that they not perish together for this secret, because of the mercy of the God of heaven, that Daniel should not be consumed together with his companions, and with the wise men of Babylon.
For the thing which the queen does shall be declared to all the women, saying, The king Ahasuerus called Vashti the queen before the king; but she has not come; and they shall despise their husbands.
He took the fat that was on the innards, and all the fat which was on them, and the two kidneys, with their fat, which was by the loins on the two sides, the cover of the liver which was above the liver; and he took it away.
the tent of meeting, the mirrors, the flowers, the incense altars, the clouds,
The children of Jacob, his servant, The children of Israel whom he chose,
Turn us again, Yahweh, the God of Armies. Cause your face to shine, And we will be saved.
We lie in our shame, and our reproach cover us; for from our youth up, we have trespassed against our God, we and our fathers, and have not obeyed the voice of Yahweh our God.
The burnt offering and the fat of the peace offerings, and the drink offerings, were in abundance throughout the whole house: so the business of the house of Yahweh was set in order.
Now your end is come, and I will bring my wrath on you, and will judge you according to your ways; and according to all your abominations I will repay you.
Keep the word of truth from my mouth, For I love your ordinances.
All the lovers of the land of Judah and Jerusalem, the craftsmen, the idols of the house, the sacred things, and all the abominations of it, did Josiah break the seal, and performed the words of the law, written in the book of Hilkiah the priest, which was found in the house of Yahweh.
The offering shall be a tenth part of an ephah of fine flour mingled with the fourth part of a hin of oil for a meal offering.
then the priest shall examine him; and behold, if the skin is white as white in the place where the skin was, and the hair of it has turned white, in the raw flesh of the land,
All the people returned every man to his house; and David returned, and blessed his house.
He spoke many other words besides these, imploring them, saying, Deliver yourself from this evil generation.
King Solomon said to Abram, Give to me all men, and all things will be yours.
He loves curses, and let them come on him. He doesn't delight in blessing, but let them be far from him.
They forsook the house of Yahweh, the God of their fathers, and served the Asherim and the engraved images; and the wrath of God came on Judah and Jerusalem.
He wrote in the name of Ahab, and in the king's answer, and sent letters to the elders of the city of Naboth, who lived with him.
What is it that I shall bring to Yahweh, that I may bow down to him on the high places of the mountains? or that I should bring burnt offerings, or a young bull to him?
Moses and Aaron spoke to all Israel at even, saying, By the evening you shall know that Yahweh who brought you up out of the land of Egypt is he.
I saw in the spoil, and behold, a beautiful man in the midst of my hand, two hundred shekels of silver, and a golden mina, the weight of which I valued, and took him; and behold: he was on the ground of my tent, and the silver under his feet.
If we believe that Jesus died, and is alive again, we also believe that God will bring those who are dead with him.
You shall not eat anything sacrificed to idols, neither shall you eat animals of death, nor drink blood, nor do any sexual immorality. Peace be to you.
The way of the wise is to walk, And he shall depart from Sheol.
He who denies the witness shall perish; but he who hears him who is witness, no one can refute him.
That we might be delivered out of the hand of our enemies;
The king said, Isn't this the great Babylon, who built her own house for my majesty, and for the glory of my majesty?
They sit as children in the streets, crying out with a loud voice, We flatter, and you don't dance! We lament to you the loss of innocence. You don't weep.
Thus will I do to you: I will make you afraid, and make you desolate, and bring you to desolation, and to death, and will tear your eyes, and your heart to pieces; and you shall not be plowed; for your enemies shall feed on you.
You shall take out of the midst of the children of Israel one male out of every seventy-three, of the Levites;
The word of Yahweh came to me.
Then the trees of the forest will sing for joy before Yahweh, For he comes to judge the whole earth.
Who among you has seen the glory of this house as it was before you? Didn't you see it in your eyes?
then you shall give to Yahweh every male who opens the womb, and every firstborn of all the livestock that springs out of the womb; and they shall be YahWEH's.
This is the word that proceeds out of my mouth: he shall return to me without a cause, and shall perform that which is good in my sight, to the end that I have sent him to do.
The grass withers, And the flower falls; For the breath of Yahweh is on him. Surely man is like the flower in the grass.
These are the kings of the hill country, and of the lowland, in the Arabah, and in the mountains, in wilderness, and on the South: Hittite, Amorite, Canaanite, Perizzite, Hivite, and Jebusite.
and you will testify both to them and to the Gentiles for my sake, that they also may be witnesses both before the governor and the king.
He will call forth a prayer to a people far off, calling aloud to the ends of the earth; and, behold, they are rushing to it.
Then I contended with the officers, and said to them, Why is the house of God made desolate? I gathered the Levites together, and explained the causes.
Asa cried to Yahweh his God, and said, Please let there be none of you help but you, God, between the strong and the weak. Help us, for we have trusted in you, and have spoken in your name against all the peoples: Yah, our God, you are our God; let no man prevail against you.
You shall eat the food that is in your hand. You shall bless and multiply.
and sit on a pleasant bed, and take a table before you, and lay my spices on it, and set my ointment on it.
For I said, I am not Christ, but that I was sent to be his prophet. You are my witnesses in this matter.
The burnt offering of the king on the Sabbath day shall be six male lambs without blemish, and one ram without blemmish;
If a rich man brings in jewels of gold, and jewels of fine clothing into your synagogues, and a poor poor person comes in,
He divided the country into a separate company, and gave authority to the servant over them. He said to his servant, Go forth before me, that there may be at each company a burnt offering.
The multitude said, What sign have you done that you have shown us, that we may believe in you? and what work is your service?
They forsook the multitude, and sailed away in a deserted place.
Now therefore make haste, and tell his disciples, He is risen from the dead, and he is going before you into Galilee, and there you will see him.' I have told you.
Pharisees came to him, testing him, and asked him, Can a man take his wife with him?
The wicked go for vanity, But the seed of righteousness for a price.
I left you nothing bad, that you might do as I have done to you.
Mark out the battle, and lay hold of the wicked. Mark out those who uphold the circumcision.
To the God who gives strength and power, For his loving kindness endures forever;
Their little ones shall be dashed before their eyes, and their houses shall be a desolation; and their wives shall be reproach.
Deliver me, Yahweh, from my enemies. Hide me from your presence.
Come to me, and hear. I have not spoken from the beginning, from a place that was not hidden: from this I am there. Now the Lord Yahweh has sent me and his Spirit.
The mocker seeks wisdom, and doesn't find it. The discerning find it quickly.
Rejoice forever, and be glad; for I have created Jerusalem, and made her a delight; and her people, that they may rejoice.
When one of the maidens saw Peter sitting and warming himself, she kept her eyes on him, and said, This man also was with Jesus.
Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who raised up Jesus Christ from the dead, who gives us life in the body, according to the mercies of his mercy;
When they saw me in the temple, I was already baptized, and there was no crowd, neither was there any doubting,
Yahweh spoke to you on the top of the mountain from the midst of the fire.
If two men fight, and one of them draws near, and comes to save his husband from the hand of him who struck him, and stretch out his hand to take the man's nakedness;
Tell us, is it lawful for Caesar to pay taxes?
None of the priests say, Where is Yahweh? As for the law, it has not known me: The captains of thousands have rebelled against me; The prophets have prophesied by Baal, And have walked in unprofitable things.
God came to Abimelech in a dream in the night, and said, You are a man of death; for the woman whom you have married is a wife of men.
David arose, and took the rod in his hand; and he chose in the mountain of the ascent five bare stones, and set them in the midst of the earth, where the keepers of the sheep had abode: and he went to the Philistine, and drew near.
He said to the judges, See what you do; for you are not judged for man, but for Yahweh. He will be with you when you are judged.
For it pleased Solomon to make a request, And the Lord delighted in his words.
He who is void of understanding plots against him. His lips are like fire.
Then your lord will come and tell you, Give to this man!' and you will be ashamed, and will go and sit in the lowest place.
For they didn't receive anything from the sight of the flesh, for they preached the Good News of Christ freely.
Why do we hear them speaking in the language of our fathers, as they spoke in their youth?
You will be glad and rejoice. Many will rejoice in his birth.
I always think about you. To you it is the right thing to think about all of you; for you have all been partakers of the grace of God, whether in prison, or in my testimony, when I testified about the Good News.
He who looks up and sees, and worships the angels, and humbles himself, being wise in his own body, but is not able to do the work of the flesh.
I will make man greater than pure gold, and men greater than the gold of Ophir.
It will happen in the days of trouble, That the sun will be darkened, And the moon will not give its light;
The Spirit of this world has blinden the heart of those who believe, so that they may not see the light of the Good News; and it illuminated the glory of Christ, the image of God.
Saul sent messengers to Jesse, saying, David your son, the keeper of the sheep, has come to me.
Rebekah again took the beautiful garments of Esau, her firstborn, and put them on Jacob, her younger son,
They sow wheat and spelt; they labor in vain, and there is no profit: for the wrath of Yahweh is kindled against their increase.
He shall be to them as a wild donkey; and his hand shall be against all; and the hand of all will be against him: and he shall stand before all his brothers.
But Peter and the eleven stood up, and cried out, saying to them, Know this, you Jews, and you inhabitants of Jerusalem, and listen to me.
For the things which I dread come on me, And the things that I dread, on me.
Give thanks to the Lord, For his loving kindness endures forever.
Let the balances of justice be weighed. Let God know my integrity.
He put the head on a platter, and spread it on the breastplate, and she took it, and gave it to her mother.
behold, the days come, says Yahweh, that all that is in your house, and that which your fathers have stored up to this day, shall be taken away to Babylon; there shall be none left, says God.
There was a dream to me and to him and to the two men that night, and there was no interpretation of the dream of the people.
The meal offering of the priest shall be wholly burnt; it shall not be eaten.
To the God who brought Israel up out of Egypt; For his loving kindness endures forever:
Solomon went after the spirit of Ashtoreth, the queen of the Sidonians, and Milcom, the abominable spirit of the children of Ammon.
Therefore my heart sounds like Moab, and my heart like the singers of Kir Heres, because they have ceased.
Jesus said to her, Daughter, your faith has made you well. Go in peace.
The inner court was toward the south; and from gate to gate he measured southward one hundred cubits.
The singers gathered themselves together from Jerusalem round about, and from the villages of Neodephat,
I will make the arms of the king of Babylon strong, and will deliver my sword into his hand; and I will break the arm of Pharaoh, and he shall cry before him as of a dead man.
Kings shall mourn, and the princes shall be desolate; and the hands of the people shall tremble: and I will deal with them according to their ways, and according to the judgment of their elders shall I judge them; and they shall know that I am Yahweh.
Yahweh spoke suddenly to Moses, Aaron, and Miriam, saying, Bring forth three men to the tent of meeting. They came forth three.
I will go to him who is lost; I will bring him back who was driven away; and he who is broken, I will bind him; and I will heal him who was broken, but I will destroy, even the fat and the strong.
He passed through the region of Tyre, and through the regions of Sidon and Cilicia, and came to the sea of Galilee.
They called together the priests and the Levites, and said to them, Go into the cities of Judah, and buy from all Israel the house of your God year by year: and make you an end of doing this thing. The Levites didn't make haste.
Then one man will take a cow and two rams.
Thus says Jephthah: The children of Israel have given no heed to the land of Moab, nor to the lands of the children of Ammon.
He said to him, Lord, all that you commanded me is done, and yet vanity is in me.'
Solomon planned to build a house for the name of Yahweh, and a palace for his kingdom.
gave his offering: one silver platter, the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekel, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering;
Every animal, every creeping thing, and every bird of the sky, of all that is on the surface of the earth, the nations went out in a great multitude.
But escape from foolishness, from strife of fathers' houses, and from the law; for all these things have no profit nor right.
They have made kings, and not from me; and princes, and I don't know them: they have made idols of their silver and of their gold, so that they are cut off.
Iron for their kings, And iron for their servants;
and it shall be to him for a memorial in the house of Yahweh in Helam, in Tobijah, and in Jedaiah and in Zephaniah, the sons of Zephaniah.
Therefore I will wail for the vine of Sibmah, And for the lamentation of the Jazerites; And I will cast you away with tears, Heshbon and Elisha, Because you have brought forth the fruit and the harvest with shouting.
and cast them into the furnace of fire, where they will lament and gnash the teeth.
Woe to you who have so much to do! For you are hungry! Woe to those who have too much to speak! for you are weeping and wailing.
So the earth became as a sealed heap, and all things were made as the appearance of a garment.
So my anger is turned, and I am comforted at the rebuke of them; and when I have spoken in their anger, they shall know that I, Yahweh, am blameless.
They sacrificed their sons and their daughters to demons,
I have come with the revelation of God. For I desire to set my mind on the good news which I preached in the sight of the Gentiles, that nothing should be gained of my now or of my former works.
For many will not obey, such as speak rashly, and deceivers, but who call the circumcision of Judea and Christ.
This is the small but great priest, who sits on the right hand of the throne of God in heaven,
Arise, go up to Zarephath of Sidon, and dwell there: behold, I have commanded the widow of the land to feed you.
The angel of Yahweh appeared to him in the flame of the bush. He saw the bush burning, and behold, the bush had no fire.
It happened in the twelfth year of Darius, in the twenty-fourth day of the month Sebat, that the word of Yahweh came to Zechariah the prophet, the son of Berechiah, the father of Iddo, saying,
Therefore let's not be burdened with evil-doings, but with unleavened bread of truth.
Jehoiada died, being old and full of days. He was one hundred thirty years old when he died.
The throne of the whole earth, its scepter, and all its might, belongs to the saints of the Most High. His kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, and everyone who has dominion shall serve in it.
They toss back and forth like thorns, Like wine and strong drink. Yet they will be burned up like dry grass.
He said to the man, Stretch out your hand. He stretched out his hand, and immediately his hand was restored as the other hand.
and over against the wall of the court toward the south, and against the separate place, and behind the house, the chambers.
He lived in the hill country of Ephraim, between Ramah and Bethel, under the palm trees of Deborah: and the children of Israel went to him, and were judged by him.
Out of the tribe of Issachar, Kishon with its suburbs, and Taberath with the suburbs,
Then the captain of the guard called Jeremiah, and said to him, Yahweh your God has spoken, to bring this evil on the land.
I will make a covenant with you in the day that you go forth out of Egypt. Don't be afraid, when my Spirit dwells among you.
He who doesn't send, but boasts of a good thing, Is like a wind, and doesn't rain.
their camels, four hundred thirty-five; their donkeys, six thousand one hundred twenty.
The first living creature was as a lion, and the second living creature as a calf; and the third living creature had the face of a man, and as the birds of the sky.
They sacrificed on the mountains, and burnt incense on the hills, and on the oaks, and under the fir trees, because their shade was good: therefore your daughters committed sexual immorality, and your wives played the prostitute.
Jesus stood before the governor. The governor said to him, Are you the King of the Jews? He answered him, You say.
Pour on, weep, let tears run down your eyes, And turn mourning into mourning, And gladness into sorrow.
Then all the people who sat in the council took gold and silver, and looked at him, and saw that his face was like the face of an angel.
As for the prophets, my heart grieved within me, and all my bones trembled: for the mouth of Yahweh and for his holy word I was as a drunken man, as one who is subdued by wine.
It shall be, when the princes have prophesied to the people, that you shall set the captains of the army over them to lead the people.
Sing aloud to God, all the earth!
The cry of Heshbon and of Elim came to Jabah. Therefore Moab caused the cry of the armed men to cease, and their heart trembled.
There passed by, and behold, he was dead; and I sought, but I didn't find him.
But if I say that I will forget my complaint, I will bring joy to my spirit;
They brought up all the holy vessels of Yahweh, the tent of meeting, and all the vessels of the Tent: and the priests and the Levites brought them up.
All the persons of all the congregation of Israel, according to their fathers' houses, all who are able to go out or come out to war in Israel from twenty years old and upward, shall you number.
Inasmuch as you desire men to do to you, so you also desire men.
When evil shall come on us, whether it be sword, or if it be sorcery, or pestilence, or famine, or any kind of trouble, we will present our supplication before you, and will seek you; for your name is in this house, and you will hear our prayer and deliverance.
then hear from heaven, and from your dwelling place, and do according to all that the nations have asked of you, that all the peoples of the earth may know your name, and fear you, and your people Israel; and that they may know that the house which I have built is made in your name.
There is none who is so bold as to approach him. Who then can stand before me?
They went out from the council with joy, that they might be counted worthy of the name of the Lord.
Moses said to Yahweh,
Not all things are true, but we trust in our God, who is perfect in all things.
Samson's thirst grew hot, and he cried to Yahweh, saying, Because you have worked a great salvation in the hand of your servants, why should I now die, and fall into the hands of uncircumcised men?
Ahijah was over the treasures of the house of Yahweh, and over the treasuries of the holy things.
The woman conceived, and bore a son. When she saw that he was a child of the Most Holy One, she put him away three months.
As the prophets have said, The house which the Lord God didn't build in the hand of man,
Aaron ran as Moses had said, and came into the assembly; and behold, the plague was in the midst of the people; and he put forth the incense, and made atonement for the people.
For Bezek in the plain of the wilderness, for the Reubenites; Lahbud in Gilead, for Gittites; and Conan in Bashan for the Manassites;
For the fortified cities shall be desolate, The waste houses like the wilderness; The calves shall feed there, and lie down there, And the caterpillar shall eat them.
All the people, even the men who were with him, came near to the city, and encamped on the north of the city: and there was a valley between him and the city.
When you shall come to the land which Yahweh your God gives you for an inheritance, and shall possess it, and dwell therein;
They didn't cease from burning, everyone according to his course. They found spears, and they didn't flee from them.
Then came there a prophet to Ahab king of Israel, and said, Thus says Yahweh, Have you seen a great multitude? behold, I will deliver them into your hand today, and you shall know that I am God.
For you are glad and rejoice, Babylonians, who have taken away my inheritance; for you are as a shepherds on the grain fields, and as a young horse on the wild oxen.
Don't deceive yourself. God is not to be deceived. He will reap what he has sown.
You shall not bring him to the city of refuge, to cause him to die before the priest, and to dwell in his land.
Destroy, Lord, their words. For I have seen violence and strife in a city.
For you will be judged by your words, whether there will be guilt or innocence.
But the righteous shall rejoice. They shall rejoice in God. Yes, they shall be glad in his sight.
He said to them, Pay attention to what you hear. You measure by what measure you measure, and God measure you with the same measure, so that you will be added to him.
I will take the scepter of Samaria, and the ark of the house of Ahab, and put them on Jerusalem; and I will set them on it, as a man sets seven platters, and seven take their place on it.
Elisha said to him, What will I do to you? You told me. What is your house? The widow said, There is but a measure of oil in the house of your handmaid, and there is nothing else.
For when you first walked among these, you were also among these.
There is a body of heaven above, and there is the body of the earth; but the light of the body, and the light from the earth, is not like that of heaven.
For all this my eye is still on them, that I should not destroy them, nor consume them in the wilderness.
and the border went down to the river Kanah, on the south side of the river, between the cities of Manasseh, which are Ephraim; and the border of the city was on the north side of it, toward the sea.
For they have set a snare in the midst of the pit, and have dug a pit to take my life.
Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! For you have come to bring a man into the innermost parts of the city, and the ends of the earth to the hinder parts of it; but when he has come in, you have made him to be a deceiver more than you.
It happened in the second year of Darius, in the ninth month, that the word of Yahweh came to Zechariah the prophet, the son of Belshazzar, the father of Iddo, saying,
They utter proudly their words. All the workers of iniquity are conformed to them.
I have destroyed the Amorites from before them; they are grown up as cedars, and mighty as fir trees; yet I have consumed the fruit of them above, and the root of them beneath.
The children of captivity did so: and Ezra the priest and the heads of fathers' houses were of those who were mentioned by name by their families: they sat together in the tenth month, to observe this thing.
That your praise may be heard, And that you may declare all your wondrous works.
Serv Yahweh with a joyful heart. Sing praises to him.
Therefore love the foreigner, for you also lived as aliens in the land of Egypt.
They said, We will not drink wine; for Jonadab the son of Rechab, our father, commanded us, saying, You shall never drink wine, you nor your seed,
But Jesus didn't leave the priesthood to another, for he lives.
They divided my garments by lot, And cast lots for my clothing.
You were made bondservants of righteousness through sin.
that I may establish that he labored for you, and for those who are in Laodicea and in Greece.
Don't give to the animals a gentle spirit. Don't forget the life of the poor forever.
As for man, his days are like grass, And his riches like the flower of the field,
He made the lampstand of pure gold; its base and its pillars, its cups, its branches, and its flowers, of beaten work.
Men cry aloud because of many oppressions; Men cry for the oppression of the oppressor.
Yahweh answered the angel who talked with me with good words and with comforts.
Behold, I have shown this to them, says Yahweh; and I will cause them to know my hand and my might: and they shall know that my name is Yahubah.
But Job said to her, Why do you speak as the foolish women speak? If we have blessed Yahweh, will we not have evil? Job didn't sin at his mouth in all this.
and this sword has been given for the light, that it may be given to the hand to light; it has come into its place, to give light into the hand of the slain.
Samuel answered, For peace, I will sacrifice to Yahweh. Cleanse yourselves, and come to me. Samuel purified Jesse and his sons, and called them to the sacrifice.
Give to man, and you will receive; and you shall give to man the cup of fullness: and turn it on, and let it come out, and pour it on your garments; for with whatever measure you measure, it will also be measured to you.
Yahweh, I know the way of man, and it is not from himself. He who walks in the way can't choose his own steps.
those who were numbered of them, of the tribe of Gad, were thirty-five thousand four hundred.
If the life of our father is in jeopardy, and the lives of this child be irrevocable, then I will go to your servant my father, and if the child isn't with us;
Likewise in the day of the flood, when the waters were not stayed, So also were the long-suffering women.
He made a robe of fine linen, and blue, purple, scarlet, and fine twined linen, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
You shall make a breastplate of it, and put the Urim and the Thummim in it.
and the fourth row a jacinth, an agate, and an amethyst; all of them were of gold.
They went out, and came into the city, and found all that Jesus had spoken, and they prepared the Passover.
who tell you, Tomorrow will arise some who walk after the lusts of their godless lusts, who love other men's faith.
The old man lifted up his eyes, and saw the guests in the street of the city, and said to him, Where are you from? where are you going?
Don't delight the wicked, Yahweh. Don't allow their counsel to fail, That they may be haughty. Selah.
When the day of the death of Israel drew near, he called Joseph his son, and said to him, If now I have found favor in your eyes, put your hand under my thigh, and swear to me that you will not kill me in loving kindness and truth in Egypt.
Adonijah was afraid for Solomon; and he rose up, and went and hid the horns of the altar.
He answered, I will give him some bread, and the man is he. He gave him one cake, and gave it to Judas the son of Simon the Canaanite.
Our beloved and faithful servant, Tychicus, will tell you both things and my opinion.
So they cast lots, and drew lots for Jonah. They said to him, Tell us, for whose cause has this evil happened to us? and what have you done? where have you come from? and where is your place? and who are your relatives?
to cleave to him who made us free from sin, that we might be joined to him for the righteousness which is in him;
Now I tell you what I will do to my vineyard. I will tear the strips of cloth from off it, and they shall be devoured; and I will break down the walls, and cause them to tread down.
Behold, your words shall be swift, and when they are swift they shall know that there have been prophets among them.
His bones are full of the strength of his youth, But he shall lie down with him in the dust.
The children of Eleazar, and the children of Ithamar, by their families, did set apart one after another; some for princes in the sanctuary, and some for the presence of God.
Saul said to Jonathan, Tell me what you have done. Jonathan said, Most assuredly I have cast a worm in my hand, and it has leavened my taste; and shall I die?
This is love according to the commandment of God. This commandment you have heard from the beginning.
I brought forth your fathers out of Egypt, and you came into the sea; and the Egyptians pursued after your fathers in their chariots and in horsemen, to the Red Sea.
He made the poles of acacia wood, and overlaid them with brass.
He conferred with the Gentiles, and learned from their doings.
But he was full of grace and works, doing great wonders and signs among the people.
Then they brought in the paralytic, that they might bring him in before Jesus.
Then the princes of Moab arose, and returned to Balak, and said, Balaam won't come with us.
He went with his disciples to a place called Gilead. He said to his disciples, Sit here, until I come and pray.
Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel: Thus shall you tell the king of Judah, who sent you to me, saying, Behold, the men who came forth to help Pharaoh's army return to the land of Egypt.
I write to you, Titus, in the faith of our Christ. Grace to you and peace from God our Father and Christ Jesus our Savior.
But afterward I will bring back the captivity of the children of Ammon, says Yahweh.
You have made your palaces in the garden of Eden God, of ruby, and topaz, and blue, and purple, and scarlet, and coral, and pearls, and pomegranates, and emeralds, and gold; and in the day that you were created there, you did prepare them.
Moses went up into the cloud, and Moses stayed on the mountain forty days and forty nights.
So that, if you love one another, they will know that you are my disciples.
There will be no darkness, nor light after the lamp, nor the light of the sun; for the Lord God will give them light, and they will reign forever.
and one tenth part of an ephah of fine flour mingled with the fourth part of a hin of oil for a meal offering.
There is Assyria, and all her people; their graves are round about them; all of them slain by the sword.
As for all the wicked neighbors, who have profaned the heritage of my people Israel, thus says Yahweh, Behold, I will drive them out of their land, and I will cast out the house of Judah from among them.
Then the princes were angry with Jeremiah, and struck him, and put him in the house of Jonathan the scribe, because they had made him a yoke.
He will judge the world in righteousness, And the peoples in justice.
and all the food that I give you, the fine flour, and the oil and the honey, which I have given you, you shall set before them for a sweet savor, even so you shall do, says the Lord Yahweh.
His lord said, It is better that we not turn into the cities of the Gentiles, which are not of the children of Israel, to go over to Gibeah.
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old everyone who entered into the service, for work in the Tent of Meeting.
He threw a sickle on the earth, and plucked up the grapes of the earth. He threw the grapes into the winepress of the fierceness of the wrath of God.
From there Yahweh your God will gather you, and from there he will bring you again, whoever you have driven out.
At what instant I shall speak concerning a nation, or concerning a kingdom, to establish and to plant;
If the household be willing to receive you, your blessing will be theirs; but if not, send for the blessing of your household.
He said, Beware! Don't be deceived, for many will come in my name, saying, I am the Christ,' and, The hour is at hand.' Don't follow them.
It happened after this, that the Moabites and the children of Ammon came together, and the Mizpahites to fight with Jehoshaphat.
Yahweh said to him, Take me a young bull, a young goat, a lion, a ram, a male lamb a year old, and a young pigeon.
They reasoned among themselves, saying, We brought no bread. What does he say then?
He who sins is against the devil, for the devil trespassed from the beginning, and the destruction of the work of the Son of God is against him.
You shall break down every fortified city, and every beautiful city; you shall cut down every good tree, and you shall make the springs of water to cease, and shall strike every good field with stones.
You have sent out your majesty, and have overthrown those who rise up against you. You have sent forth your wrath, and burned them like grass.
They are swift to depart from the way which I have commanded them; and they have set up for themselves a calf, and have come down to it to worship, and to sacrifice it, saying, This is the god who brought you up out of the land of Egypt.
God is our refuge and our strength. He is a help in times of trouble.
For apart from Jesus, there is no salvation for us, because God has not given any name among the people, that we might be saved by it.
Your eyes are the lamp of the body. If your eyes were gold, your whole body would be light. But if your eye were blood, you would be darkness.
The survivors are gathered together, and stand before Heshbon: but the fire is gone forth from Heshbod, and the flame from Sihon, and it has devoured all the region of Moab, and on the heads of the governors.
I, Daniel, have seen the vision, and desired to understand it: suddenly there stood before me a man in the likeness of a man.
For the Scripture says, My brothers, You shall not swear by heaven or by earth, or by anything that is in it; That which says, Yes, and that which says no, you shall not be judged by God.'
I have led them captive among the nations, and gathered them together to their own land, and left none of them there; and they shall know that I am Yahweh their God.
Don't be far from me, Yahweh. Come quickly to help me, God, my strength.
It happened in the morning, that Pharaoh's heart was not merry; and he sent and called all the enchanters and the wise men out of Egypt; and Pharaoh told them the dream which he had dreamed: but there was no man who could show Pharaoh the interpretation.
Simon Peter answered, Lord, who are you after, that we should follow?
Consider my wicked ways, whether they are good or bad. Lead me in the way of life forever.
For, behold, it is my beloved's voice. Behold, he comes, and he is on the mountain. He dances on the sand.
It happened in the eleventh year, in the seventh month, on the seventh day of the month, that the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
A voice shall be heard to the end of the earth, for Yahweh shall contend with the nations; and all flesh shall be at peace with them; and the wicked, he shall deliver them to the sword. I, even I, have spoken it.
He had seven sons and three daughters.
I will also boast, if there are so many who are busybodies.
Now Hannah's heart yearns, but her lips refuse to hear. Therefore Eli is considered to be drunken.
You shall not stand in the way for ten men who flee in the midst of them: you shall not give them over to the adversary in the day of their calamity.
The seed of his servant will inherit the land. Those who love him will dwell in the midst of it.
The cities of the rest of the families of the sons of Kohath were ten thousand with their suburbs.
Is it good for man to seek God? Yes, it is good for the wise to seek him.
It happened, after Rachel had borne Joseph, that Jacob said to Laban, Send me away, that I may go to my own place, my own country.
and silver and gold that the king and his counselors desired to offer to the God of Israel, who dwells in Jerusalem;
and they shall keep all my commandments which I command you, and remember that I have been with you forever, even to the end of the world.
He shown him all the nakedness of his heart, and said to him, There has not been a head cut off from my head; for from my mother I have become a Nazirite: if you take me up, my strength shall depart from me, and I shall be weak as another man.
He who overcomes shall be clothed in white; and I will not blot out his name from the book of life; but I will confess his name before my Father, and before his angels.
Everyone of you greetings from his brothers. Greet one another with a holy kiss.
Israel said, Why have you devised this thing against me, that you should tell him that you are still alive?
You will strike them with a rod of iron, shattering them like a jar of wine.
If I ascend into heaven, there you are. If I lay in Sheol, you are there.
When Rachel heard the voice, and the weeping and the lamentations, Rachel wept for her children. She would not be comforted, for they were all dead.
Joseph's brothers, when they saw that his father loved Joseph, hated Joseph, and didn't speak peaceably to him.
Then Ahimelech answered the king, Who is like David among your servants? He is the king's son-in-law, and your tutor, and honorable in your house.
Doesn't the field, which he shall sow, always bring forth? Or does it always bring up a reed to bear its dust?
David also took Ahinoam the Jezreelite: and they were his two wives.
Moses brought forth the people out of the camp to meet God; and they all stood on the mountainside.
He shall kill him on the north side of the altar before Yahweh; and the priests of Aaron's sons shall sprinkle their blood on the altar round about.
His daughter's name was Seerah. She built Beth Horon, and Beth Horlon, and Uzziah.
Paul, a prisoner of Christ Jesus; Timothy our brother, to Philippi our beloved,
You have sown wickedness, you have dealt in iniquity, and have eaten deceitfully. You trust in your own ways, and in the company of your mighty men.
Moses and Aaron fell before all the assembly of Israel.
How is the peoples busy with noise, And the people busy with vain things?
knowing that, while he desired to receive the blessing, he would not receive it, because he didn't seek the will of his father with all his heart; therefore he would seek it with tears, and with petitions, and not be blessed.
The burden of Tyre. Wail, you ships of Tarshish; for Tyre is laid waste, without houses, and without inhabitant. News has come out of the land of Kittim.
The Jews therefore said, He said, Where I am going, you can't come,' and, Where is he going?'
and with you I will break in pieces young men and virgin women; and with you will I break down the shepherds and his flocks: and with your will I broke in pieces the farmer and his herd; and the king and his princes with you.
I will bring you into the wilderness of the Gentiles, and there I will judge you.
The high priest said, Are these the things?
For the Lord made the army of the Syrians to hear the voice of chariots and the noise of horses, even a great army. They said one to another, Behold, this is the king who has bought the kings of the Hittites, and the king of the Egyptians.
His division, and those who were numbered of them, were fifty-nine thousand three hundred.
Behold, there was a great earthquake, and the foundations of the prison were shaken, and all the doors of the prisons were opened, and every man's foot was broken.
The seven priests who bore the seven trumpets of rams' horns went before the ark of Yahweh continually, blowing trumpets; and the armed men went before them, and the priests went after the trumpets continually, sounding trumpets.
Most assuredly I tell you, the law will not be made void until the day of the departure of heaven and the law.
The king of Egypt said to them, Moses and Aaron, why do you make the people bear their burdens? come, and do your work.
having tasted the Holy Spirit, and knowing that after his death he would see the promise of the Lord,
Let him who is a father not provoke his children to anger, that he may not cause their heart to melt.
For a drink offering he made half a hin of wine, an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor to Yahweh.
Behold, they go into exile for evil. The Egyptians shall gather them, and the Moabites shall bury them. With the money they shall do nothing. In the habitation of their tents they shall cause stubble.
I am a Jew, born at Tarsus in Galilee, and the chief of the disciples of Samuel in Jerusalem, in the place where our fathers were, teaching the law, and serving God with zeal.
When he had spoken to the twelve, he departed from there, and went into the city, and taught and preached the Good News.
Now there was a certain centurion in Rome, and he was sick, and was dying.
Yahweh said to Moses, Tell Aaron, Take your rod, and stretch out your hand over the waters of Egypt, over their rivers, over the stream, over every pool, and over all the springs, that they may be turned into blood; and throughout all the land of Egypt shall be blood, every vessel of wood, and every stone.
David said to the servants who were with him in Jerusalem, Arise, and let us flee; for we shall not escape Absalom: but let us hurry and come; lest he come on us quickly, and strike us, and kill us with the sword.
Know therefore that the word of this salvation is preached to the Gentiles, and they will hear, and receive it.
Woe to you, land, if your king is a boy, And your princes rejoice in the morning;
and fell down at his feet, and gave him thanks. Now this man was a Samaritan.
Your lips are like serpents. Your mouth also is beautiful. Your lips are a pomegranate in your skin.
Is it according to your commandment that the eagle should be exalted on high?
You fatherless, don't be angry with your children. Praise them in the Lord, and teach them.
It happened after this, that Jeroboam didn't turn from his wicked way; and he appointed priests to all the people, every man to his priesthood; and they set apart him for the priest of the high places.
then I will establish your throne, as I made a covenant with David your father, saying, Your seed shall rule over Israel forever.
Don't eat of the dainties of man, Neither be greedy for his good pleasure.
All winged creeping things that go on all fours, they are an abomination to you.
He said, Take a cake of figs. They took it, and laid it on the boil; and the king was made well.
Jesus answered them, It is not known to you what the Son of Man has commanded by his own authority, which is in the day.
until Yahweh has given rest to your brothers, as he has given you; and they have gotten the land of the Jordan, which Yahwehu your God gave them beyond the Jordan; and afterward you shall return every man to the land that I give you for an inheritance.
Then the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
If a man doesn't keep the one law of the law, he has not kept the whole law.
For whoever is born or uncircumcised has no fear, but his fear is the commandments of God.
They answered before the king, and said, Daniel, of the house of Judah, who was among the children of the captivity, he didn't liaise with you to take advantage of you, but he prayed three times in one day.
To him who created the great light; For his loving kindness endures forever:
This is the history of Noah's generations. Noah was righteous, and he was perfect in the midst of the world. Noah went with God.
He told him these things, and said, Behold, the Hebrew servant whom you brought to us comes to me to mock me,
But in those days Bithana and Teresh, two of the porters, who were in the king's chamber, were shut up at the door of the gate of the palace, provoking the king to jealousy, to devise devices against the king Ahasuerus.
Pharaoh said, Behold, many are the people of the land, and you will compel them to do nothing.
He drove out the nations before them. He measured the land of the nations with a line, and gave them for an inheritance. He set the tribes of Israel in the tents of the Gentiles.
The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
Yahweh said to Moses, When you return into Egypt, mark before Pharaoh all the wonders that I have given you into your hand. But I will harden his heart, and he will not let this people go.
The days of Zion are better than the days of snow. They are smoother than milk. Their body is smoother than emeralds, As the fullness of a diamond.
As for Jehoiakim king of Judah, thus shall you say, Thus says Yahweh, You have burned the scroll, and said, Why did you write therein, The king of Babylon shall come and destroy the land, both man and animal;
Yahweh said to Joshua, Up! Why have you fallen on your face?
Then his disciples came to him, saying, Who is great in the Kingdom of Heaven?
For your arrows pierced my flesh. Your hand held me firmly.
Jesus went with him, and a great multitude followed him.
He overlaid it with gold, with the pillars and the thresholds, and with the bars and the gates; and he carved cherubim on the top of it.
For thus says Yahweh, Behold, I will bring forth the inhabitants of this land at this time, and will make them bitter, and make them desolate.
to multiply your days, and the days of your seed, as Yahweh swore to your fathers to give them their land, and to multiply it, as in the day that the sky covered the land.
So Rehoboam went to Shechem; for all Israel went to Hechem to make him king.
Go, inquire of Yahweh for me and for the people, and for all Judah, concerning the words of this book, which are found in it; for the anger of God is kindled against us, because our fathers have not obeyed the voice of these words, nor done according to all that is written in this book.
It happened in the days of Abijar the high priest, that David went into the house of God to eat the bread of the altar, and to give it to those who were passing by, that according to the law it was forbidden for the priests to eat.
and their meal offering, fine flour mixed with oil, three tenth parts for the one bull, and three tenth part for the two rams, and two tenth parts to the one ram.
All the people praised Demetrius, and the truth also testified about him. We also testify about him, and you know that our witness is true.
If you can understand, hear this word. Turn your ear to the voice of my words.
Let my tongue sing to your promise, For all your commandments are righteous.
He said, Don't lay your hand on this child, neither do you do anything to him; for now know that you stand in the fear of God, and have not given me your son, even your only son.
He reasoned with the Jews who spoke Greek; yet they sought to kill him again.
I will put your skirts on him, and your sash on him; and I will deliver the right of your ruler into his hand: and he shall be a dwelling father to the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and to the house of Judah.
When they had crossed over in the boat, they came to the other side of Capernaum. But when evening had come, Jesus wasn't yet there.
He said to them, Where is he going? for his son saw the way that the man of God came from Judah.
He said, Listen diligently, and I will come in the midst of you. Blessed is he who keeps the words of this book!
Moses turned, and went down from the mountain, and took in his hand two tables of the covenant. On the one tables were written, and on the other tables written.
Blessed be Yahweh, who is great and Mighty. There is no end of his greatness.
As the tents of the shepherds, so have I been removed from my habitation. I have taken my life up, and those who are in it, And he will cut me off from my tent. From morning to evening Yahweh seeks to take my life.
He said to them, You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart, and all your soul, and in all your mind.
Azariah the priest, with the skillful men of God, went in after him eighty men.
Saul said, Draw lots between me and Jonathan my son. Lot drew out Jonathan.
Put me away from the punishment of your discipline, For the perverseness of your hand will I consume.
There the centurion found a ship of Alexandria bound for Italy, to go to Dalmatia; and he called us into the boat.
The children of Israel were arrayed in their tents, every man according to his division, and every man after his standard.
Therefore these men of Israel have not eaten of the root of the first, to this day; for that man did cut off the roots of the head of Jacob.
Hezekiah commanded that he should prepare a place in the house of Yahweh; and they prepared it.
What do you think of him, that he is a son of man? They answered him, A son of David.
For I am in Christ Jesus. Therefore I glorify God.
those who were numbered of them, of the tribe of Dan, were fifty-three thousand four hundred.
Even so, if you don't forgive your brothers, neither will my Father in heaven do so to you.
The waters prevailed on the earth one hundred fifty days, and the waters subsided.
Then justice will dwell in the wilderness, And righteousness in the fruitful field.
As our Lord Jesus Christ has shown me, the day that I left the world is at hand.
The king answered them, Behold, I know that you are in a rush, for the dream I didn't remember.
how he must suffer and rise again from the dead, that the light of salvation might be preached to the Jews and to the Gentiles;
Brothers, do good, and don't be afraid.
The Egyptians pursued after them: and all Pharaoh's horses, and his chariots, and all his army, came to Pihahiroth by the sea, over against Baal Zephon, and overtook them in the camp where the children of Israel encamped.
These are the fourteenth months of Darius the king's reign, which were twenty-four years.
They shall bring the glory and honor of the nations to this city.
For you know neither sexual immorality, nor uncleanness, nor covetousness (which is the same image), that they can't be the people of Christ and of the Kingdom of God.
Neither will they disclose to you the witness of my accusers, which they accuse me of.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: Many shall I bring against them, and I will cast them into captivity, and they shall be robbed.
So Balak took Balaam, and brought him up to the top of Pisgah, and built seventy altars, and offered up every altar a bull and a ram.
Even so you were there also instructed in the law of Nicanor.
Moses commanded the children of Israel according to the word of Yahweh, saying, It is necessary that the tribe of the sons of Joseph speak.
Whoever steals his father or his mother's goods, and says, It is no sin; this man is also a robber.
Therefore we said one to another, Let us build us an altar, not for burnt offering, nor for sacrifice,
From Yahweh comes salvation. Receive the Kingdom of your people. Selah.
saying, If you are the King of the Jews, save yourself.
Brothers, I didn't come to you in a beautiful oracles, or in wisdom, to preach to you the mystery of God;
He hurried, and poured out the water that was in the trench, and ran to the spring, and watered all his camels.
Moses went on his way, as Yahweh commanded him, so they went on their way.
There shall be no trouble in your way, Neither shall there be any stumbling in your steps, When you run.
I will stretch out my hand, and strike him with all my wonders that I will do in Egypt; and afterward he will let you go.
and the captain of the guard took Seraiah the chief priest, and Zephaniah the second priest the second, and the three keepers of the threshold;
Another angel came out of the temple, and he cried with a loud voice to him who sat in the cloud, Take away your sickle; for the harvest is at hand, and the fruit of the earth is ripe.
At the gate of the city, at the entrance of the gate, and at the entry of the gates, he cried with a loud voice,
It shall happen in that day, that the high and bare people, who are feared from the beginning of the nations, who have set their border in the way, whose land is divided, shall bring their offering to Yahweh of Armies, who has set his name on Mount Zion;
They shall go forth to see the dead bodies of those who have rebelled against me; for their worm shall not die, nor their fire be quenched; and all flesh shall abhor them.
Rejoice in Yahweh, And remember his holy name.
See that you do his word before him, and don't rebel against him; for he will not forgive your transgressions, but has come in my name.
If you say, It is,' then you will say, No;' and whatever they say, it is from the devil.'
For thus says Yahweh, There shall never be a man to sit on the throne of Israel,
But the tree of wickedness shall not eat of its fruit; for in the day of its eating you shall surely die.
But I will sing of your strength, And in the morning I will shout of your loving kindness; For you have been my stronghold, My refuge in the day of trouble.
Your counsel is too great for you. Now let them arise, those who regard the heavens, who see the stars, who prophesy in the moon, who bring you out of the things that are to come on you.
Micaiah said, I have seen all Israel scattered abroad on the mountains, as a flock without shepherd. Thus says Yahweh, These have no master, let them go every man to his own house.'
You shall set the veil in the lower part of the upper court, and bring the ark of the testimony into the veil: and it shall separate you from the sanctuary and from the holy place.
The eye hunts for evil, And the lips draw near to it to do it.
He gathered the assembly together to the door of the Tent of Meeting, and fought against them: and the glory of Yahweh appeared to the assembly.
The land by the sea will be a pasture, a pasture for the shepherds, and a fold for the flock.
Joshua the son of Nun was filled with the spirit of wisdom; for Moses laid his hands on him; and the children of Israel obeyed him, and did as Yahweh commanded Moses.
God has spoken one things. I have heard two things, which are of God:
Return therefore to your God, and keep love, and justice, and wait for your God always.
For their Rock is not like our Rock, So our adversaries have decided.
Judah said to Israel his father, Send the child with me, and we will go, that we may live with you, and with our little ones.
There came men out of Egypt, and out of all places, and brought presents to Solomon.
David had not gone up into heaven; but he said, God said to my Lord, Sit on my right hand,
to Timothy, my beloved son: Grace, mercy, and peace from God our Father and Christ Jesus our Lord.
Behold, I speak to you as to my sons, saying, Be imitators of our own selves, and let your hearts be enlarged.
Didn't they teach you, and speak to you, utter the words of his heart?
I heard a man speaking to me out of the temple. A man stood by me.
The multitude of waters can't pass away, Neither can the floods cover them. But if anyone desires to possess all the substance of his house, let him refuse.
one young bull, one ram, one male lamb a year old, for a burnt offering;
Judges me according to your righteousness, Yahweh my God. Don't let them gloat over me.
A mighty army was under their hand, thirty-seven thousand five hundred, mighty in might, able to help the king against his enemies.
But when Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came into the land, we said, Come, and let us draw near to Jerusalem from the multitude of the Chaldeans, and from the army of the Syrians: therefore we have lived in Jerusalem.
I know your affliction and your poverty, and behold, you are rich; and I know that you have been called a Jew, and yet they are not Jews, but they are partakers of Satan.
Cursed be he who doesn't keep the words of the law, and does them. All the people shall say, Amen.
When the children of Ammon knew that they had made David to abhor, they sent and hired the Syrians who were at Beth Rehob, and the Syrians of Zobah, two thousand footmen, and one thousand men of the king of Maacah; and a thousand of the men of Tob.
Son of man, because Tyre looks toward Jerusalem, and says, Ah, the gates of the nations are broken, and they are returned to me; they are laid waste, and I am desolate.'
gave his offering: one silver platter, the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekel, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering;
Praise Yahweh, Jerusalem! Praise your God, Zion!
Woe to those who are pregnant and to the nursing mothers in those days!
As a bird that flies on the nest, And as an owl who flies on his nest, So shall no curse be fulfilled.
He who utters his words commends righteousness; But he who gives false testimony utters deceit.
My skin is blackened. My bones are burned with heat.
For he who finds me shall find life, And will find favor in Yahweh.
and over the treasures of the king was Azumeth the son of Adulliel: and over the fields, the porters, the harvesters, and the strongholds, was Jonathan the son Uzziah.
Then all the people went to Gilgal, and made Saul king in Gilgal before Yahweh: and there they offered peace offerings before God. There was great joy to Saul, and to all Israel.
Haven't you made me like milk, And brought me forth as milk in its purest form?
For Yahweh hardened their heart against Israel, and fought against them, and destroyed them utterly, and didn't find mercy, so that they were destroyed utterly, as I commanded Moses.
When you say, No, but we will ride on horses; therefore you will flee, and say, We will ride in the swift animal; therefore those who follow you will also flee.
Yahweh, your hand is high, and they don't look back. They shall see your shame, which you have done for the people, and the fire that has devoured your adversaries.
and the unleavened cakes, and the cakes of the leavened and the anointed with oil, you shall make them of good mammon.
As the first, the Jews, and the Amorites, and Moses, so these men also are in the battle against the truth. Their own minds are corrupted, and they are tested in faith.
For the ships of Kittim shall come against him, and so that he shall be sorrowful, and return; and he shall protest the holy covenant, and do according to his pleasure: and then he shall return, and counsel with those who forsake the covenant.
You shall die in peace. You shall live long, and be buried.
They offer the spoil of war, which they take in battle to repair the house of Yahweh.
The jailer called for fire, and brought it to light. When they had come in, they fell on their faces before Paul and Silas.
The fifth angel sounded, and I saw a star falling from the sky, and having no place to rest.
It happened in the morning, that David rose up early, he and the people who were with him, and departed, and went to the land of the Philistines: and they went to Jezreel.
There appeared also a great sign in the sky, a woman having on her body the sun, and the moon, and a crown of twelve stars on her head.
that you may sit down with me in my kingdom, and eat and drink, and dwell in a good place, and judge the twelve tribes of Israel.
The fish that he has caught shall be broken, and the vessels of the wood shall be rinsed with water.
Speak to the people, saying, Behold, your brothers the sons of Esau dwell in Seir. Pass over their border, and they will fear you. Take heed therefore to yourselves.
I know my own disobedience. My sin remains before me.
Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, Behold, I will bring again your armies, which you have taken beyond the city, the army of the king of Babylon, and of the Chaldeans who besiege you; and I will gather them into this city.
Hear my prayer, Yahweh. Cause my cry to come before you.
So you chased them with your stormy wind, And made them afraid with your tempestuous wind.
After he had said these things, he said to them, I will go and wake up Lazarus, our friend.
They shall say, Because they forsook the covenant of Yahweh, the God of their fathers, which he made with them when he brought them out of the land of Egypt;
Now therefore don't count him innocent; for you are a wise man, and you shall know what you shall do to him. You shall bring the blood of his head into Sheol.
The children of Gad lived over against Reuben, and lived in the land of Bashan to Salecah.
Now Jonathan had not heard that their father had sworn to the people: therefore he stretched out the rod of his hand, and put it in the barn; and his hand came out to his mouth, and his eyes were gold.
If God has given us the testimony of our faith, who am I, that I should hinder the works of God?
who died for sin, and for the uncircumcision of the flesh, and is raised up with Christ, having pardoned all our iniquities;
You shall fall by the sword; and I will judge you in the border of Israel; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
Love is gracious and merciful. Love is not hated, nor boastful,
You shall teach them statutes and ordinances, and show them the way that they should go, and what they shall do;
It happened, after the fruit of the harvest, that David sent, and brought him into the house; and he became David's wife, and bore him a son: but Yahweh was displeased with the thing that David did.
The messengers said to David, An adversary is stronger than we: he has come out against us, and we have struck him at the gate.
The land indeed yielded its increase, but the beginning was a heifer, and after the heifer the latter brought forth its increase again.
They took him aboard with them, and brought him near where they were to go.
But I tell you, as it is written, Elijah has come, and men have done to him whatever seems good to them.
Hushai said, You know that your father was a mighty man, and all the people who were with him: and now their heart is aroused, as the bear that has lost her cubs in the field; and also your father is a man of war, he shall not rest with the people.
Your father made us a yoke of sorrow: now therefore, please let the yoke, which your father made heavy on us, be lifted up, and we will serve you.
neither have I made this covenant with you, nor made this oath,
Jesus answered them, It will happen, when evening comes, that you will say, Because the sky is red, therefore it will be a good day.'
Now the children of Israel traveled by their armies: and their chief men were these:
Don't turn away from your spiritual gift, which you were given with the words of the prophets, and with the hands of elders.
When he is shut up, he shall come into the fat land, and shall do that which his fathers have not done, nor that which their fathers have known: and he shall give to him the spoil and the prey, and the spoil, and his substance, and devise devices against the present time, and against the former.
Moses said to them, Stand still, and I will hear what Yahweh will tell you.
Jeroboam said to his wife, Arise, and speak; that men may not know that you are Jeroboam's wife. He went to Shiloh, and there was Ahijah the prophet, concerning whom he had said, I shall be king over this people.
to gather the food that the rich man has eaten with his foot, and to satisfy himself; and to the place where his belly causes leprosy.
Then Azariah the high priest, of the house of Zadok, answered, We have eaten enough from the people, and have left much; for Yahweh has blessed his people, so much that he has left.
That those who love me may inherit wealth, And fill their treasures with gold.
If I do this, how shall the things which are written about happen?
All men who understand shall understand, And all men who are instructed shall be upright.
Now if it please the king, please let the king examine the affairs of the kingdom of Babylon, whether there has been a decree made to build the house of God in Jerusalem. Please show us the king in this matter.
If we say that we are guiltless, we deceive ourselves, and our hearts are not truth.
The sun and the moon will not hurt you, Neither will the moon destroy you.
The mountains melt because of him, The hills melt, And the earth vomits out before him; And the world and those who dwell therein.
Are you continually rebelled? Are you now beaten down? Your head is worn out, and your heart is wasted away.
You shall eat, and not be satisfied; your vanity shall be within you; you shall be carried away, but you shall dwell securely; I will deliver all that you dwell to the sword.
Yahweh commanded, saying concerning the Assyrians, He said, He who burns you shall not be exalted any more: I will destroy the engraved images and the molten images out of the house of your god; and I will prepare a tomb for you; for you are faint.
He called the priests and the Levites together, and assembled them in a broad place eastward;
Thus Yahweh commanded Moses; and he numbered the people in the wilderness of Sinai.
Let the stars of that night become darkness. Let him hope in the morning, but he won't see the morning.
It will happen, when the days are fulfilled, that the mountain of the house of Yahweh will be established on the mountains, and it will be higher than all the hills; and all the nations will be gathered together.
Whatever is wise in the heart of you, you shall do all that Yahweh shall command you;
As such a man, will you open your eyes on him? Or will you bring me into your judgment?
You shall leave of it until the fourteenth day of the month, at evening, all the children of Israel shall kill lambs,
Yahweh saw that Leah didn't find Jacob's love, and he was jealous; but Rachel was not jealous.
It shall happen, if you rebel against me, and will not listen to me, that I will add to you seven times as much evil to your doings.
We will possess all kinds of riches. We will fill our houses with the plunder.
For you are God's children, and God has sent into your heart the Spirit of his Son, that you should cry out, Abba! Father!
You are a wild donkey, and doted on the wilderness, and lifted up your heart to the sky: and who can nourish her while it is yet day? None shall cling to her; for in her month shall she be found.
They said to him, Behold, your mother and your brothers stand outside, seeking you.
Her wise servants shall find favor in the king's sight, But a small company will be in wrath.
He also is a descendant of the uncircumcised; for they were not circumcised, but were in faith before our father Abraham was circumcised.
His servants conspired against him, and killed him in the king's house.
All day long my enemies mock me. Those who hate me curse me.
This is because of the wrath of your holy ground. For you have lifted me up, and cast me down.
But it shall not be eaten. It shall be poured out on the earth as water.
You shall believe that I am in the Father, and he in me. If not, believe also in the works which I do.
He who sent me is with me. He doesn't leave me alone, for I do that which is good in his eyes.
You shall observe to do all that I command you this day: and behold, I will drive out the Amorite from before you, the Canaanite, and the Hittite, the Perizzite, as well as the Hivite and the Jebusite.
Love your father and mother more than those who love me, so that they don't become my disciples. Love your sons and your daughters more than they care for me.
Please let us build on the wall one hundred cubits, and there we will set the bed, and the table, with the lampstand, that he may come to us, and we may go in and lodge.
The sons of the prophets who were in Bethel came out to Elisha, and said to him, Do you know that Yahweh will take away your master from you this day? He said, Yes, I know it. Hold your peace.
If you don't pay your vows, you will not pay them.
David said to Ahimelech the Hittite, and to Abishai the brother of Joab the son of Zeruiah, Who will go down with me to the camp to Saul? He said, I will come down with you.
But I worked for my name's sake, that it should not be profaned in the sight of the nations, that they should see that I brought them out of the land of Egypt.
Will you turn aside to him? Will you contend for God?
Beloved, let no one deceive you.
and that the body should die, but the spirit should live, and peace;
In that day Yahweh magnified Joshua in the sight of all Israel: and the people feared him, as they had feared Moses all his days.
In you are mockers, and bloodthirsty men; In you are men who eat their bread on the mountains, And in you are adulterers.
When they came near to Jebus, the sun was now going down on the mountain. The servant said to his lord, Come, and let us make haste into this city to the Jebusites, and lodge there.
In the fullness of his riches he shall come to the place of crawling things. All the bitter shall stretch out their hands on him.
He went there to strike the inhabitants of Debir: and the name of the city that was before Debir was Kiriath Sepher.
He said to me, Blessed are you, that you come down with hunger and with fasting to those who are partakers of the Lamb's inheritance. He said moreover, This is a true word of God.
Thus shall we deal with them, that they may live, lest the wrath of our oath be on us.
He went and told the man of the place, and he sent him to the field to feed.
Others scoffed at them, saying, They drink new wine, and they faint.
I said to him, Stay with me many days, and don't commit sexual immorality, neither follow after others; and I will do so to you.
Therefore let him therefore be like all his brothers in every way, that he may be a pure and true high priest to the remission of all sins.
No one has a right to redeem himself, neither does he have the right to inherit the world with money.
When evening had come, he called his disciples, and chose twelve men out of them, and called them apostles,
They have worked a lying vision for you, and have cast you into the neck of the evil-doers: their iniquity is brought to an end, and their days are come.
The two hundred men, whom Absalom had invited, went with him out of Jerusalem: they were all foreigners, and didn't know the matter.
But the king of Assyria is not this, neither is this written in this book; for his heart is determined to destroy, and to destroy many nations.
A house is a storehouse which the fathers left, But a wife of understanding is Yahweh's.
Now, Israel, what would Yahweh your God desire you? Didn't he desire you to fear him, and to walk in all his ways, to love him, to serve him with all his heart, and with all your soul?
If he offers a ram for a sin offering, then he shall have a female without blemish.
The man said, I have observed all these commandments from my youth.
It shall happen, when the end of all these nations is come, that the iniquity of men shall be brought to light, and there shall be a king who shall lift up his face to wickedness, and shall speak deceitfully.
They returned to Jerusalem, with harps and psalteries and trumpets.
What good is it therefore to you, brothers, if I don't speak to you in the words of other languages, in knowledge, in faith, in teaching?
Is there any controversy between your riches and your might, that you should not be hurt?
All the men of the city were gathered together, and pursued after them: and they pursued after Joshua, and were drawn away from their city.
Jacob came to Succoth, and he built himself a house there, and fattened his livestock there. Therefore he called the place Sucoth.
and he said to them, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, who sent me before him to make your supplication, saying,
They said one to another, We have sinned against our brother. When he cried to us, we saw the anguish of his heart, and we didn't listen to him. Therefore this burden is on us.
It happened in the days of the children of Israel, that their inheritance was added to the inheritance of the tribes which they were to receive; so their inheritance passed over from the tribe of our fathers.
You shall give to them the cities of the Levites, forty-eight; city and suburbs shall you give them.
The word of Yahweh came to Jeremiah, saying,
Neither is it beyond the sea, that you should say, Who has come over the sea to us, that we may hear, and do thus?'
For everyone who keeps the sun by the Lord watches, and everyone who eats eats because of the Lord, to give thanks to him. Likewise also to him who doesn't eat, because he gives thanks.
If a man approaches you, will you faint and refuse him? But who can keep himself from speaking?
and the body of Jezebel shall be in the garden of Jezreel as dung on the ground, so that no man shall say, It is JezebEL.'
He who touches him shall be beaten with iron, and with spears; and in his place shall all the fire be consumed.
My son, keep the true wisdom and the counsel. Don't let them go out of your sight.
He makes a man to be afflicted, and to be angry, And not of the same mind as he was willing.
being the least of the saints, having obtained this grace, that the Good News of Christ might be preached to the Gentiles,
Exalt the praise of my mouth, Yahweh. Teach me your statutes.
Now I have commanded and commanded the people of my kingdom, that they should fear and trembling before the God of Daniel; for he is a living God, enduring forever; his kingdom shall not perish, and his dominion shall not be diminished.
She took it, and gave it to him. She took hold of him, and said to him, Lie with me, my sister.
It shall happen, when she has drunk of the water, and has sinned against her husband, that the water that brings the curse shall enter into her, and become bitter; and her body shall revolt, and her thigh shall fall, and she shall be a curse among her people.
Behold, we have seven brothers. The first took a wife, and died, having no children, and left her, and gave her to her brother.
It happened on the next day, that Nebuchadnezzar sent to Babylon all the treasures of the house of Yahweh, and his uncle Zedekiah, king over Judah and Jerusalem.
Yahweh's anger shall not turn away, until he has executed that which is determined in his heart; and you shall understand in the latter days.
Most assuredly I tell you, he whom you have bound on earth will you also bound in heaven; and he who you have promised on earth, you will also give him in heaven.
Let the house of Aaron say That his loving kindness endures forever.
Moses said to the judges of Israel, Kill all who are with you, who are joined to Baal Peor.
He gave him Ahimelech the son of Ahitub, a man of understanding, able to teach.
Therefore he ought to sacrifice for himself, as he sacrificed for the people.
Why have mothers' knees received me? Why have milk covered me?
Before the words of my prayer came into my ears, I first saw a man in a vision, Gabriel, who came with the commandment, and touched me about the feast of the Passover.
As brothers, love one another.
They shall offer no more sacrifices to them of their sexual sins, which they have done to them: it shall be a statute forever throughout their generations.
Who will bring out the unclean from the clean? There is none.
When he had said, You can't see my face any more, this saying pacified them exceedingly. They sent him away in the boat.
His division, and those who were numbered of them, were seventy-four thousand six hundred.
He said to me, Son of man, have you seen what they do? yet have you shown me great abominations, which the children of Israel have committed here, to remove me far from my sanctuary.
From of old, no one has heard of anyone who was blind.
Moses said, You have sacrificed yourselves to Yahweh, and have blessed you, every man against his son, and against his brothers, this day.
The watchman answered, The morning comes, and the night comes; and if you will ask, ask. If you will turn back, ask again.
To him who rules by day; For his loving kindness endures forever:
It will happen in that day, says Yahweh, that there will be a mourning in the fish gate, and a crying out from the one place, and from the mountains a great distress.
I will make a river in the barren mountains, And a spring in the valleys; And I will make the desert a pool of waters, And the dry land a spring of waters.
I will declare Yahweh's works. I will remember his signs that were before me.
Know now and consider, and see what you will do; for there is determined against our master and against all his house: and his holy presence is wicked; none shall speak with him.
So Jehu the son of Jehoshaphat, the father of Nimshi, conspired against him: and Jehoram and all Israel took possession of Ramoth Gilead, because of Hazael king of Syria;
For the way of man is before Yahweh. He takes away all paths of man.
But they didn't depart from the sins of the house of Jeroboam, with which they made Israel to sin: Asherah of Samaria remained.
Jeremiah came from Topheth, where Yahweh sent him to preach, and came and stood in the court of the house of God, and spoke to all the people, saying,
The children of Benjamin did so; and they took wives of the children of the lovers, whom they had taken captive of the love women: and they returned to their own land, and built them cities, and lived therein.
On the fourth day eleven bulls, two rams, fourteen male lambs a year old without blemish;
He said to them, Stay here night, and I will bring you word again, as Yahweh has commanded me. The princes of Moab lodged in Balaam.
You shall not oppress the poor and needy of your land, whether it be your brother, or a foreigner who lives as a foreigner in your gates.
But Jesus turned back, and saw the disciples, and rebuked Peter, saying, Get away, Satan! What you think is not God's, but men's.
But we ourselves will pass over armed before the children of Israel, until we bring them to their place; for the inhabitants of the land are a terror; but our little ones shall dwell in fortified cities.
Judah said to his brothers, What advantage is it that we have killed our brother, and hid his blood?
and the east border to the Jordan: this is the inheritance of the children of Benjamin according to their families, and their border round about.
For thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: Yet again shall men buy houses, and fields, and vineyards in this place;
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, everyone who entered into the service for the service of the service in the Tent of Meeting,
He has sent his only Son into the world, that we may live by him. God has revealed his love to us by revealing his love toward us.
and with you will I break the horses and those who ride them; and with you I will break the chariots, and the riders who sit on them;
Whoever finds the plague, whether it is a warp, or a woof, or sheep's fleece, or anything made of skin, he shall burn it; for it is an evil plague, it shall be burned in the fire.
He saw the root of Jesus' head, which didn't come with the linen cloth, but was bound.
When John saw that many of the Pharisees and Sadducees came to him to be baptized, he said to them, You wicked ones, who warned you to flee from the wrath of God?
He said to his disciples, The days are coming when you will see the Son of Man coming, and you won't see him.
The day that he fell on his face, and opened his eyes, was a Sabbath.
Judgment, Yahweh, when you see my affliction.
If a man lies with his sister-in-law, he has uncovered her nakedness: they shall bear their iniquity, and a boy shall be born to them all.
The two women troubled Isaac and Rebekah greatly.
As for you, my lord, Yahweh has restrained your enemies from blasphemed with your hand; therefore have I sworn by the living God and by your life, saying, Behold, your enemies and those who plot against my lord are like Nabal.
For you are a God of strength to me. Why have you forsaken me? Why do I walk back and forth because of the oppression of my enemies?
Now the rest of the acts of Ahab, and all that he did, and the habitations of his trees, and his cities, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
They brought him to Jesus. Immediately one of the demons saw him, and he tore his clothes, and threw him to the ground, so that he died, and was no more.
Truth goes forth out of the earth, And righteousness comes down from heaven.
He brings his servants into the midst of them tosamble them; He gives them the frogs to destroy them.
There were four lepers at the gate, and they said one to another, Why do we sit here until death?
Jesus said, Come! Peter went down from the boat, and came to Jesus.
This is the sign which God gave us: that he also gives us the Holy Spirit to be our treasure.
You shall not give all your strength to a woman; and your works shall not be in respect to the king who overthrew you.
Come, Yahweh, in my trouble. My heart is troubled within me, For I am rebellious. Under me the sword kills children, In the house is death.
I will give thanks to you with my whole heart, Yahweh my God. I will glorify your name forever.
The vision of Isaiah the son of Amoz that he saw concerning Babylon.
that I not make him bare, as in the day that he was born, and as the wilderness, as the dry land, that he should die by his mouth.
But Peter didn't deny it before the people, saying, I don't know what you are saying.
Zipporah shall dwell in Ashdod. I will destroy the pride of the Philistines.
The first went, and poured out his bowl on the earth, and those who had the mark of the beast and his image were born mute.
He has refined my hands to war. He has made my arms to bend brass.
He shall bring the bull to Yahweh to the door of the Tent of Meeting, and lay his hand on the bull's head, and kill it before God.
I will sing for my beloved, the song of my beloved. I will sing about his vineyard. My beloved has a vineyard on a goodly hill.
He took also out of the city a captain of the army, and the seven men who saw the king's face in the city, and those who were found in the place of the king, with the scribes of the captains of the forces, who mustered the people of the land, and sixty men of the inhabitants of the country.
to offer an offering made by fire to Yahweh from the herd and from the flock, a burnt offering, or a sacrifice, to accomplish a vow, or for a sacrifice of peace offerings, to the appointed feasts, or to the set feasts.
Abraham and Ishmael his son were circumcised the same day.
David was in Saul's place, and he was feeding their father's flock in Bethlehem.
If you will indeed listen to my voice, and keep my covenant, then you will be my treasure among the nations; for all the earth is mine.
neither have we obeyed the voice of Yahweh our God, to do according to the law which he commanded before us by his servants the prophets.
Let their mouth be exalted with the praise of Yahweh; Their hands with the sharp two-edged sword;
Don't touch my anointed ones. Don't do evil to my prophets.
As one who kisses a man with his mouth, So is one who answers with a gentle word.
Blessed be Yahweh, Who is great in our God's cities, In his holy mountain!
There was a great famine in Samaria, and they besieged the city: and the price of a donkey was eighty shekels, and the forty-fourth part of a shekel, for a forty-five shekel.
Thus will I sing and praise your name forever. I will pay my vows day by day.
In that day shall live water come forth out of Jerusalem, half of it into the eastern sea, and half of them into the western sea; it shall be so for the winter, and for the summer.
If they be of the tribe of the children of Israel, then their inheritance shall pass away from us, as the inheritance of our fathers passed away, and they shall be added to the heritage of the tribes of their possession: so shall the inheritance that we shall cast away by lot pass away.
A fool's mischief is the iniquity of his father. The mischief of his wife is like the chaff that is chaff.
There came forth out of the camp of the Philistines a man named Goliath, a Gittite, six cubits high, and a man of valor;
I returned, and saw all the oppression that was done under the sun; and behold, the oppression of the oppressors was covered with tears, and there was no comforter; for they were not comforted, because they had overcome them.
Esther stood in the inner court of the king's house on the third day, against the wall of the palace; and the king sat on his throne at that time, over against the threshold of the gate of the house.
He took Agag king of Amalek, and carried him away alive, and struck all his people with the edge of the sword.
They have baked unleavened bread out of Egypt. They haven't seen it, because they are angry. They have not waited, neither prepared anything for themselves.
So David struck the Philistines with an iron sword and with stones, and utterly destroyed them: but David's hand was not strong.
Therefore I tell you that whatever prayer you pray, believing, you will receive the same result.
Take my money, that there is no bread to eat; My money, which is not filled with water, That I may go over by the way.
Jehoiakim the king sent to Egypt, even Elnathan the son of Achbor, and certain men.
So Naomi returned; and Ruth, the daughter of Moab, who had come again out of the country of the Moabites, she was with her: and when they came to Bethlehem, it was a time to reap wheat.
Come, fight with me. You saw what I did. Now you hear that I am still alive.
Beware that you don't show yourselves to be seen, but rather do good in the sight of men. If you do this, you will not be rewarded with the Father's reward.
Jacob did so. Laban took Rachel his daughter, and gave her to him as wife seven days after she bore Leah.
Lord, turn your ear to the prayer of your servant, and to the prayers of those who love the name of your name; and grant to your servant this day that he may find favor in his sight. Then I will be the king's wine.
On the next day Jesus was going into Galilee. When he met Philip, he said to him, Follow me.
Jehoshaphat slept with his fathers; and they buried him in the city of David his father: and Joram his son reigned in his place.
that you may be witnesses to the word of Christ, which is preached through me, that he is not a burden to you, but a mighty power in the midst of you.
Abimelech fought against the city all that day, and took it; and he struck the people who were therein, and broke down the city, and sowed it with salt.
This shall be on Aaron's head, that Aaron may bear the iniquity of the children of Israel in all their holy offerings. This shall be continually on his face, that they may be accepted before Yahweh.
All their merchandise, and all their goods, the little ones, the women, and everything that was in the house, they took away.
I tell you, God will hurry to make justice for them. But when the Son of Man comes, will he see this faith in the world?
They girded themselves with sackcloth in the streets, on the housetops, and on the broad places; and they wept every man, and his tears fell.
I didn't see him doing his work on the right hand, Or hiding himself on the left, Or seeing him at the left.
Therefore your father will kill his sons and his sons, and your children also will kill your father. I will judge in the midst of you, and will scatter all your remnant on every side.
He who is ashamed of me and of my words, the Son of Man will also be ashamed of him when he comes in the glory of his Father, and of the holy angels.
Blessed is the nation which comes near to Yahweh, Whose inheritance he has chosen.
Better is the heifer that is in the field, Than the remnant of the wicked.
But concerning the resurrection of the dead, you haven't read the word of God which he spoke to you,
Therefore all the substance of the Moabites, and all that he gathers, will pass over the brook.
The weight of the gold that the rest of the people offered was twenty thousand darics of gold, and two thousand minas of silver, and sixty-seven priests' garments.
We will take of all the tribes of Israel one hundred men, one thousand a hundred, ten thousand a thousand, to measure them, and to do to them, when we come to Gibeah of Benjamin, according to the shameful things that they have done among the children of Israel.
Also out of Moab, and out of the family of the children of Ammon, all the Jews who were in Edom, and in all the countries, when they heard that the king of Babylon had retained all the remnant of Judah, he appointed Gedaliah the son of Ahikam the father of Shaphan over them.
I tell you that whoever of you will set his heart on the earth, and pray for them, my Father will complete them.
In the twenty-ninth year of Artaxerxes the king, in the first month, there was wine in the king's hand; and I gave the king drink: and before the king I had no presence of sorrow.
The arrogance of his heart shall remove him from me. I have cast him away with all his wickedness.
You shall not uncover the nakedness of your uncleanness: he is your father's near kinsman.
A voice saying, Lift up, lift up, prepare the way, And take away the way of my people.
When he had eaten and drunk, he rose up, and stayed some days with the disciples of Damascus.
Absalom puffed him; and the king gave Amnon and all the king's sons to go with him.
Abimelech came to Tiberias, and encamped against it, and took it.
The skillfully woven band that was on it, on which the skillful work was, he made it of one piece with the ephod; of gold, and of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
All the saints greet you.
But if you have done that which is not good in the sight of Yahweh, choose this day which you shall serve: if your fathers have served gods beyond the River, or the gods of the Amorites, who dwell in their land? As for me, and my house, we will serve Yah.
One of the men saw it, and said to Joab, I see Absalom hanging on a tree.
For I speak to you Gentiles, for I am an apostle of Gentiles. The things which I reveal to you are commendable.
Then the army of the king of Babylon was besieging Jerusalem; and Jeremiah the prophet was shut up in the court of the guard in the house of Judah.
For Ephraim, Manasseh, Issachar, and Zebulun had many who didn't purify themselves; yet they ate the Passover, and didn't observe the law.
As a woman in travail waits for her child, So a child cries in pain, And we cry aloud before you, Yahweh.
The Son of Man will come with his angels in the glory of his Father, and will reward and punish each man according to his work.
Abimelech pursued after him; and he fled before him: and many lay down, until the entrance of the gate of the city.
They came near to the house of Micah, and heard the voice of the young man the Levite, and went in to him, and said, Who brought you? What are you doing here? What have you found here?
David said, Will the men of Keilah deliver me and the men who follow me into the hand of Saul? He said, They will deliver you to him.
Jethro rejoiced greatly because of all the good works which Yahweh had done to Israel, which he had delivered out of the hand of the Egyptians.
Therefore will I give their wives to others, and their fields to strangers for inheritance; for they commit covetousness from the least to the greatest, from the prophet to the priest.
Thomas answered, My lord, my God.
But when the time came, I brought forth the word through the word of faith; and I preached it in the sight of God our Savior.
Then I washed you in water, and purified your body, and anointed you with oil.
The sluggard says, There is a lion outside. If I go into the street, I will kill him.
It happened, when his servants were besieging the city, that Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came.
In the second year of Joash son of Jehoahaz king of Israel Amaziah the son of Josiah king of Judah began to reign.
They have made the land desolate. The land is desolate, because no man cares.
the garments of the finely worked work, the holy garments of Aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons, to minister in the priest's office;
The grain which they brought up from Egypt was already eaten. Their father said to them, Go again, buy us a little food.
This day I have considered your life, and Yahweh has considered my life; and he has delivered me out of all my troubles.
Now therefore, behold, I am he; and there is no God besides me: I have killed, and I have revived; I have injured, I have healed; and none is able to come forth out of my hand.
Yet even to that time will I not utterly destroy you, says Yahweh.
Hear, you islands, you peoples, from afar. From me in the womb Yahweh has called me. From my mother's womb he has called my name.
Therefore I returned to my thoughts, and wondered for my lack of comforts under the sun.
In the thirty-seventh year of Asa king of Judah began Ahab the son of Omri to reign over Israel; and Ahab was reigned twenty-two years in Samaria.
Through you, we have struck our enemies. In your name, have we trodden down those who rise up against us.
that it might be fulfilled which was spoken through the word of Yahweh by the prophet Jeremiah, saying, They took the thirty pieces of silver, which the men of Shereshad had given for his valuation.
Edom shall become an astonishment, and a hissing; everyone who passes thereby shall marvel, because of all the evil that comes on him.
But thanks be to God, who has been a bondservant of sin for your whole heart, through which you have been obedient to obey the word which was given to you.
Six years shall you sow your land, and six years shall gather your vineyards, and reap the fruit of the ground.
It happened, while they were still keeping it, that behold, two men stood by them in white, leopard-eared clothing.
and sent Huram his son to king David, to Greet him, and to bless him; for he had fought with Hadadezer, and prevailed against him (though he fought with Tou only), and he lived in the vessels of gold, and silver, and brass.
We said to my lord, The child shall not go out from his father; and if he goes out of his father, he shall surely die.'
Don't turn my heart to wickedness, That I may go in to do wickedness with the children of the wicked, And don't give me their choice food.
But be in subjection to one another, that you may fulfill the commandment of Christ.
Say to wisdom, You are my sister. Call on understanding to be your near kinsman.
Simon Peter therefore rose up from the boat, and cast the net, and threw it on the sea, and measured how much the great sea was filled with fish, one hundred fifty-three. The net was not broken, though it was so much.
Thus says Ben Hadad: Your silver and your gold are mine, and my wives and your sons and your daughters in all your beauty.
For there is no one who can live for himself, neither is there any who can die for himself.
These vessels did Cyrus king of Persia take, and gave them to Sherebiah king of Judah, under the hand of Mordecai, keeper of the treasuries.
You shall also break down their altars, and dash in pieces their pillars, and burn their Asherim with fire, and cut down the engraved images of the gods which they have overlaid; and you shall destroy their names out of the land.
There were six steps to the throne, and there were feet of gold, and a pedestal on the throne. On the one side were the hands of the throne; and on the other side were two lions standing.
Did the Lord strike Israel, as he struck those who struck him? Was he slain, as those who killed him?
You, God, will bring them down to the pit of destruction. The murderer and the adulterer will not live. But I will take refuge in you.
He struck also with the edge of the sword women, and little children, and suckling infants, and oxen, and donkeys, and sheep.
and say, Behold, the loaves are gone. They have cast off their ear to him, says Yahweh of Armies. Is it lawful for me to accept the spoil of your hand, and the lame and the sick, that I should accept them out of your own hand?
Jeremiah said to them, Thus shall you tell Zedekiah,
He has chosen us for our inheritance, The glory of Jacob, his beloved. Selah.
For I know your faith, that you are faithful, both in me and in your mother, Jealousy, in that you have this confidence.
Say you to them, This is a people that didn't obey the voice of Yahweh their God, and were not taught; and the faithfulness of it was taken away from their mouth.
Wisdom rests in the innermost parts of the man, But the belly of fools is revealed.
He shall lay his hand on his head, and kill him before the tent of meeting: and Aaron's sons shall sprinkle the blood on the altar round about.
The second, third, and fourth took the earrings.
Hide me from the calamity of the wicked, From the trouble of the unrighteous.
Who has committed the earth to him? Who has established the whole world?
Let him live. They will give him the gold of Sheba. Friends will pray for him, And praise him all day long.
Who is the King who is glorious? Yahweh of Armies, the King of glory. Selah.
You have despised my holy things. You have profaned my Sabbaths.
Now you say, Go, tell your lord, Behold, Elijah is here; he will surely kill me.
Immediately the commanding officer brought the soldiers and the centurion to the people. When they saw the soldiers, they held their peace, and didn't strike Paul.
Its poles shall be in the rings of the ark; they shall not be taken out.
Therefore I hid my face that day, because they turned again from all the evil that they had done to other gods.
It happened in the days of the covenant, that Herod was sitting in the king's room, and warming himself to the people.
It happened in the seventh month, in the first day of the month, that Ezra the priest brought in the book of the law before the council, both toward you, and toward all who were able to hear.
But Moses went in before Yahweh, and spoke to him; and the veil was lifted up on him, until he came out. When he was come out, he told the children of Israel the words that were spoken to him.
Your servant loves the stones of Zion. He covers them with the dust of his earth.
A fool's desire is for nothing, But a prudent man hides his shame.
My heart has kept your precepts. I love all of them.
Then you returned, and wept before Yahweh; but Yahwehi didn't listen to you, nor inclined his ear to you.
How much more, if he, being an eternal Spirit, has offered up himself as God without blemish, having made our conscience pure, that he might walk from death to life,
When he had said this, he took off the robe, and put it on himself. He put off his garments, and went out crucified.
Behold, a king in righteousness shall reign; And a princes in justice;
Turning to see who it was who spoke to me, I saw seven golden lampstands.
because they have forsaken me, and burnt incense to other gods, and have provoked me to anger with the work of their hands: therefore my anger is poured down on this place.
For he will deliver you out of the net of thorns, and from the pestilence.
But let his roots remain on the earth, and bind him with a band of iron and brass, and let it be wet with the dew of the sky in the open grass of the field; and let him be with the animals in the pasture of the land:
We are beaten, we are put into prisons, we cause the peoples to wander: we labor, we sleep, we eat no bread.
As Babylon made the slain of Israel to fall, so shall her whole land fall by the fall.
So Rehoboam went to Shechem; for all Israel went to Hechem to make him king.
He who is uncircumcised in flesh, and doesn't keep the law, won't he condemn you? For you have the letters of the law written, and are circumcised in flesh.
He said this because he saw his glory, and that he spoke of his business.
He brought them to the border of the holy ground, to the mountain that he had gotten with his right hand.
He made the boards of the tent, twenty boards on the south side.
Destructive evil is in their hearts. They always gather themselves together to fight.
For the king's word was certain, and who could say to him, What have you done?
The disciples therefore said to him, Rabbi, are you coming again to the Jews, to stone you?
Your enemies roar in your house. They stand to their own standard,
The prophet said, I lay down my thoughts. My sleep is glad.
A good news came from afar, as when a man gives lye to his lips.
We know that God doesn't hear the prayer of the wicked, but if a man worships God and does his will, God listens to him.
But he is carried away captive. His little ones are dashed down at the head of the streets. Men cast lots for his honor. All his mighty ones are bound up in chains.
The people's taskmasters and their officers went out to the people, and said, Thus says Pharaoh, I will give you no more grass.
After him was Jeshua the Bethlehemite judged Israel.
Yahweh sent an angel into the camp of the king of Assyria, and destroyed all the mighty men of valor, and all the captains of the army of the princes of the provinces. There was there he, when he had come face to face into his own land, into the house of his god; and one of his sons killed him with the sword.
In the first year of Darius king of Macedonia I stood up, and strengthened him.
and he shall dwell in the city until he stand before the congregation to be judged; and after that the high priest is dead, he shall return to his city, to his own house, where he went forth out of there.
You shall not increase the words of this commandment, neither shall you diminish it, that you may keep the commandments of Yahweh your God, which I command you.
I will bless him, and I will give you a son from him. I will bless her, and she will be the mother of the nations. A king of nations will come out of her.
Your cities remain in the dust of our feet. We will add to it. But you know that the Kingdom of God is at hand.'
When you see it, then your heart shall be glad. Your bones shall be watered like a feeding trough. The hand of Yahweh will be revealed to his servant. He will be angry with his adversaries.
I will make you a desolation and a reproach among the nations that are round about you; and your sight shall be seen with the eyes of those who pass by.
one golden ladle of ten shekels, full of incense;
However the valley was not taken away: the people still sacrificed and burnt incense in the valley.
Therefore thus says Yahweh, the God of Abraham, who rages against the house of Jacob, There shall be no more shame in Jacob, Neither shall his face be changed.
It is a shame that we should be ashamed of such things, but if any man boasts of anything, he is a fool, and I also am a fool.
Samuel took a lamb of a weaned lamb, and burnt it to Yahweh for a burnt offering, and Samuel cried to God for the children of Israel; and he answered him.
and gold for every godly gold, and silver for all godliness,
I will send you to me forever; and I will send to you righteousness, and justice, and loving kindness, and compassion;
Ephraim has surrounded me with lies, And the house of Israel with deceit. Judah has exalted himself with the Most High, And with a faithful heart toward the Holy One.
His young men shall fall in the streets, And all his men in that day shall perish, says Yahweh of Armies.
For we know that all things are still groaning and crying out, even as in the pains of the body.
Have mercy on me, Yahweh, for I am weary. Heal me, God, for my bones tremble.
Is there no sin in Gilead? They are wholly false. They sacrifice calves in Gilgal. Their altars are like the stones of a field.
Peter said to him, Your money is with you. For you think that the gift of God is with money.
It was in the heart of David my father to build a house for the name of Yahweh, the God of Israel.
Drink water, and prepare yourself for battle; Establish your strongholds, and dig in the ground, and gather in the mortar.
He called Lot, and said, Where are those who have come to you? Let them go out, that we may do as we desire.
and said to him, Tell us, By what authority do you do these things? or who gave you this authority?
I know that the living man will receive the grace of Yahweh, and will not be cut off.
It was sinned, because the people went to Dan, and worshiped before him.
The lodges of the chambers were toward the residue of the ground: one gate toward the north, and another gate to the south; and the breadth of the land round about was five cubits.
The king of Assyria brought Israel to Assyria, and put them in Halah and in Harbool, the cities by the river Gozan, and in the cities of the Medes.
When I remember you, I give thanks to my God.
I have put my words in your mouth; I have covered you with the shadow of my hand: I have made a full end of the earth. I have said to Zion, You are my people.
Put on a robe, and don't put a coat on yourself.
and he took it, and went on and ate it; and when he came to his father, he gave it to them, and they ate it: but he didn't tell his father that it was taken out of the body of a lion.
But you know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, who, though he was lowly, grew poor for you, that you might be rich from his poverty.
As he went out, a man ran to him, and worshiped him, saying, Good teacher, what shall I do to inherit eternal life?
The young man who told him said, I came to Gilboa, and behold, Saul was with his spear in his hand, with chariots and horsemen pursuing after him.
A drought and a burnt offering destroy the snow. So is Sheol to the sinner who sins.
Beel is fallen, Nebo is fallen; their idols are fallen on the sacrifice of the dead, and on the animals; and the light that you had given is become a burden, to the animals of the field.
He said to them, What have you done? Don't you know that such as I are will also divvy up?
Take of the best of the flock, and put the wood in the ears of the elder, that the roof may be made, and that the bones may be in the midst of it.
Yahweh God said to the woman, I will surely magnify your affliction, and you shall bear a son; and your longing shall be for your husband, and he shall rule over you.
They shall build houses, and dwell therein. They shall plant vineyards, and eat the fruit of them.
Moses and Yahweh were there forty days and forty nights, eating neither bread nor drinking water. He wrote the words of this covenant on two tables of bread.
You stood in Horeb before Yahweh your God in that day, and he said to me, Gather me the people, and I will cause them to hear my words, that they may fear me, and teach their children after them.
For God judges in righteousness, And recompense those who are afflicted by affliction,
You know all their plans, Yahweh. Don't forgive their iniquity, Neither wipe out their sins from before you. Let them fall before you in wrath.
At that time his voice shook the earth, but now he has said, I will not shake the earth again, but the heavens will shake.
If you don't walk in your own ways, you have no honor.
To whom will he instruct wisdom? To whom shall he make known his words? Is this the weaning from the breast, or the turning of the breast?
and Nebehah, and Levi in the midst of Carla; which is the great city.
Is this the thing that my lord the king has done, and has not said to your servant, Who shall sit on his throne in the room of the king my lord?
Therefore let him who speaks in another language pray that he may have the same power.
As he drew near to Jericho, behold, a blind man was sitting by the road begging.
Thus says Yahweh to this people, Because they love to be hot, and don't want to have their feet touched, therefore has he not received them: now will I remember their iniquity, and punish their sin.
When the chief priests and the scribes saw the wonders that Jesus did, they were indignant, and saw the boy crying in the temple, Hosanna! the seed of David!
Sarah, my master's wife, conceived, and bore a son for my master, and my master gave her all that he had.
He has spoken his glory among the nations, His wondrous works among the peoples.
Wisdom is before the eyes of the godless, And the eye of fools is on the ends of the earth.
In the days of Ahasuerus (which same was over one hundred twenty-seven provinces, from Enosh to Cush)
that the words of my servant may be fulfilled, and the counsel of my angel be performed: As for Jerusalem, I said, There shall be a dwelling there; and as for the cities of Judah, says I, They shall be built; and the waste places shall be raised up.
Joshua executed the circumcision on them, because of the people who came out of Egypt, everyone who was armed for war, and died on the way as he came forth out of the country.
Let your hands be strong, and be strong; for your master Saul is dead, and the house of Judah has anointed me king over them.
The mouth of the righteous is a fountain of life. He who sows evil-doers covers his mouth.
These are the Pharisees sent.
For whoever is born of God will be above the world. Our faith has made us above it.
Behold, there came a priest of Zebulun, who had a blemish in his flesh, to go to them at the entrance of the gate of the city, to sacrifice with all the people.
When his disciples, James and John, saw it, they said, Lord, do you want us to call for fire from heaven to destroy them?
He shall charge them continually before Yahweh on a clean lampstand.
Is it lawful for a servant to do what his lord commands him?
He was revealed to God, who made him, as Moses was revealed in the house of God.
Philip began to humble himself, and to proclaim to him the Good News.
You serpents, why do you speak good, seeing you are evil? For the heart is full of talk, and the mouth is filled with talk.
English
His trials are like the light. Out of his hand is light. There is his strength.
It was told Jacob, saying, Behold, Joseph your son comes to you. Israel stooped down, and sat on his bed.
For I will give you courage and wisdom, that your enemies won't be overcome nor turned back.
If it be your husband's brother, or your son's daughter, or the daughter of your heart, or a friend of your life, who secretly seduces you, and says, Let us go and serve other gods, which you have not known, neither you nor your fathers,
When did we see you sick or in prison?
but it was Peter's voice, and he went in, rejoicing and opening the door that he could not. He ran and told him, and Peter stood at the door.
Joshua said, Thus shall you know that the living God will drive out before you the Canaanite, the Hittite, and the Hivite, And the Perizzite, The Girgashite, Amorite and the Jebusite;
The soldiers returned to the camp on the next day, and they presented themselves to Paul.
Seven days shall you not see it, neither shall the flesh of your sacrifice, which you offer at the first day's evening, remain until the morning.
Jesus said to him, This day salvation has come into this house, for he also is Abraham's seed.
All the kings of the earth came to see the face of Solomon, to hear his wisdom, which God had given him in his heart.
No longer will the world see me, but you will see me. For I live, and you will live.
and for the sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five male goats, and five male lambs a year old. This was the offering of Eliab the son of Helon.
Peter and John laid their hands on them, and they were filled with the Holy Spirit.
He took seven trumpets, and prepared a shield for the seven angels.
Moses said to Aaron, Take the censer, and put in it the fire of the altar, and lay incense on it, and bring it to the congregation, and make atonement for them; for great anger is kindled against Yahweh, and the plague is gone out.
The king said, Let him return to his house, and don't see my face. Absalom returned to his own house, but didn't see the king's face.
When the man heard these things, his spirit left him, and his spirit returned to him, because he had many possessions.
and won't enter into the land which I swore to you to inhabit; but Caleb the son of Jephunneh, and Joshua the son Nun, shall enter in.
When we cried to Yahweh, he heard our voice. He sent messengers, and brought us out of Egypt. Now we are in Kadesh, your very gate.
But the land that had been afflicted lived in darkness, and was despised by God, who turned aside to the land of Zebulun and Naphtali, and gave them light by the way of the sea, beyond the Jordan, Galilee of the Gentiles.
For his eyes are on every man's way, To see his steps.
Afterward the great man died, and the angels raised him up to Abraham's bosom. The rich man also died, so that they buried him.
When they heard this, they were exceedingly glad, and agreed to give him money. Judah sought to find out a means to betray him.
Blessed shall you be in the city, and blessed shall you find in the field.
But Vashti the queen wouldn't come, neither did she listen to the king's commandment by the eunuch: therefore the king was very angry, and his heart went out like fire.
that I may return in peace to my father's house; that Yahweh may be my God;
Every male among the priests shall eat of it. It is a most holy thing.
This love is perfect in us, that we may be ready for judgment on the day of judgment, knowing that we have the same life in this world, as Jesus also did.
For we are called servants of the new covenant, which is not written with ink, but with a pen; a pen that will die, but the Spirit will give life.
You were rebellious against the words of God because of your tradition.
David listened to the commandment of Yahweh: and they struck all the army of the Philistines from Gibeon even to Gezer.
For we were born Jews, not strangers of the Gentiles,
But when the husband hears it, and takes it away, he shall bear the iniquity of the woman.
being chosen according to the will of God our Father, sanctified in the Spirit, to obey Jesus Christ, and to be made blameless in his blood. Grace and peace be on you all.
Make your father glad. Let your mother be glad.
Behold, this is the joy of his ways: After him shall another come forth out of the earth.
His eyes don't depart from the righteous. He has set them up with kings forever. They are exalted.
David lived in strongholds in the South, in the hill country of Ziph; and Saul sought him every day: but God didn't deliver David into his hand.
He had also three rows of tapestry, to divide and to divide the three rows.
Now therefore select three men of every tribe, and I will send them; and they will go through the land, and come to me in their portions, according to their languages.
The earth shall fall as drunken men, and shall be shaken and scattered like a bed; and the fowler's snare shall be on them; so that they shall surely fall, and not rise again.
If God has mercy on us, and has committed this burden to us, we will be no more.
They shall bring back your relatives out of all the countries, with horses and chariots, and with riders on them, and on camels on their mules, to my holy mountain Jerusalem, to offer it up for a sacrifice to Yahweh, as the children of Israel did offer it, even as the sacrifice of a clean vessel, which they did offer in the house of God.
The servants of the man of God rose up early in the morning, and went out: and behold, the army, horses, and chariots were fighting against the city. The servants said to him, Alas! my lord, what shall we do?
Jesus said to him, Blessed are those who see my faith, and those who don't see the sword.
Every burden is to you like a lying mirror. They deliver the mirror to one who has a familiar spirit, saying, Read this, that I may hear. He says, I can't read, because it is lying.
Speak to the children of Israel, saying, You shall surely keep my Sabbaths; for it is a witness between me and you throughout your generations, that you may know that I am Yahweh who sanctifies you.
Then king David sent and fetched him out of the house of Machir the son of Ammiel the Lo Debarite.
If God doesn't diminish the days, there is no one who will be saved; but God will diminish them for his chosen ones.
There were also sons of Hosah, who were of the sons of Merari, the great, but he was not a firstborn: but their father made him a great firstborn.
For the Kingdom of God is not spoken by word, but by power.
Apheus, sister, and Archippus, our brother, and the assembly that is in your house.
and they cast their gods into the fire, because they were no gods, but the work of men's hands, wood for wood, and stone for stone; and they destroyed them.
He created everyone from one man, and made them to dwell on all the surface of the earth; and he bore them a perpetual border with which they lived.
Because they have forsaken me, and have burned incense to other gods, to provoke me to anger with the work of their hands: therefore my anger is kindled in the land, and I have been kindled like a fire.
Then Mordecai told him all the things that had happened to him, and the sum of the money that Haman had promised to give in the king's tent, that he might destroy the Jews;
The presidents of the provinces, the satraps, the governors, the counselors, and the judges, took counsel together to put in order a king's statute, that there might be a statute in thirty days, even to make intercession for the king. Whoever shall make request to any god or man, let him be cast into the den of lions.
Behold, this man has contended with us, says Yahweh God: lest he use his hand again to gather fruit out of the tree of life, and eat it, and live forever.
Bring back your money again, and lay your money in your sacks, and bring it again to him. The thief is not found.
Yet a word, my son. Consider it. In the book of unleavened bread there is no end, but in the reading of it the body will be weary.
But we took heed to inform the king that if this city be built, and the walls finished, then you would have no portion beyond the River.
But Abishai the son of Zeruiah defended David, and killed the Philistine: but the men who followed David swore to him, saying, After this you shall no more fight with us, lest you break the lamp of Israel.
Moab has rest from the days of old, and has brought forth peace continually. As the cup of many wine, which is not poured out in another vessel, neither has he been carried away captive. Therefore his outward appearance is still, and his inward face isn't changed.
When the multitude saw him, they marveled, and rose up to welcome him.
All the people wept and wept over the dead woman. Jesus said, Don't weep, for she is not dead, but is asleep.
We are not father's children. Our mother is like a widow.
Yahweh spoke to Moses and to Aaron, saying,
Gaal the son of Ebed said, But who is Abimelech, and who is Shechem, that we may serve him? Isn't he a son of Jerubbaal? Aren't his captains Zebul? Why then have you served Hamor the father of Shechem?
For Herod knew that John was righteous and holy, and therefore he feared him, and kept him. But when Herod heard the words of John, his spirit was troubled, but he still desired to hear them.
Nevertheless they continued, saying, He began to reign out of Galilee, and has come here. He has taught throughout all Judea and stirred up the people.
When evening had come, he went out, he and his disciples, outside of the city.
He said to the king, All the things which I have heard of you in your country, and your wisdom, are true.
All the people who were with him in the resurrection, when he called Lazarus out of the tomb, testified about him.
He magnified himself to the uttermost parts of the earth, and cast down the army, and the great stars, and trod them down.
The apostles spoke in great authority about the Lord Jesus, and received great favor.
According to the seed which they will teach you, you shall do according to the judgment which they shall tell you; and you shall not turn to the right hand or to the left, as they tell you.
Then you shall understand the righteous judgment, And will walk blamelessly in all paths.
Great is the anger of the nations, and you are very angry. The time of the dead is come, and the time of your servants, the prophets, and all the saints, and those who fear your name, is come; and your time of destruction have come, those who destroy the earth.
and Ramoth with its suburbs, and Anemim with their suburbs,
When he entered into the house, the blind came as he went. Jesus said to them, Have you believed that I can do this? They said to him, Yes, Lord.
When Sanballat heard that we were building the wall, he was filled with wrath, and with great indignation, and spoke against the Jews.
Samson said to the Philistines, Because you have done this, behold, I will take vengeance on you, and you shall be cut off.
Some of the tax collectors came to be baptized, and they said to John, Teacher, what shall we do?
Many were gathered together in Jerusalem in the second month, for a great assembly to keep the feast of unleavened bread.
Every abomination that creeps on the earth shall not be eaten.
If he dedicates the land to be holy from the Year of Jubilee, then it shall be according to your valuation.
This is the offering that Aaron and his children shall offer to Yahweh in the day of their anointing, even an ephah of fine flour for a continual meal offering, half a meal offering in the morning, and half a drink offering at evening.
The high priest stood up and said to him, What do these men tell you? Why do you refuse to answer?
When all the people heard these things, they marveled, and said to Peter and to the apostles, What shall we do, brothers?
When the wicked is plagued, he shall also be afflicted; For he shall be recompensed for his ways.
A man has committed an abomination with his neighbor's wife; and one has defiled his own heart, and defiled it: moreover one has humbled his sister in the midst of you, the daughter of his father.
onyx wood, and oil for the lamp; spices for the perfumer, for the anointing, and for the sweet incense;
Moses commanded the people on that day, saying,
Remember this, and be wise in it. Let the rebellious consider it with their own heart.
It happened from day to day, until the evening offering, that they were prophesying; but they gave no voice, nor answered, nor sought after them.
The people murmured against Moses, saying, What will we drink?
The woman answered him, Sir, there is no one. He said, I also will not condemn you. Go your way. Don't sin again.
I will pour out my Spirit on all flesh. Your sons and your daughters will prophesy. Your old men will dream. Your young men will see visions.
It happened, as often as the king entered into the house of Yahweh, that the guard came with shields; and they brought them back again, and laid them in the guard house.
But if God has made us to enter into his rest, let us have a godly spirit, lest any of you be made uninformed.
I will command my mountains to give out the sword against Gog, says the Lord Yahweh; and everyone shall kill his brother with the sword.
All the trees of the field shall know that I, Yahweh, have brought down the high tree, the low tree is no more, the green tree is dried up, and the withered tree is destroyed: I, God, have spoken it, and done it.
You have replenished all your anger. You have turned away all your fierce anger.
When the chief baker saw that the dream was finished, he said to Joseph, I also saw in my dream, and behold, three baskets of bread loaves were on my head;
He raised him up to the highest places. He gave him the name of all things.
The beauty of her daughter is gone. Her princes are like a wandering deer. They have no strength. They are driven before those who pursue them.
Grace to you and peace from God and the Lord Jesus Christ.
Yahweh showed me the four women.
He told them a parable. A man had dug a vineyard, and he tied a line of cedar trees around it, and made a winepress of it. He built a tower of towers, and entered into the farmers' houses, and went to another place.
Wise counsel wins favor, But the Holy One is short of patience.
Jesus answered him, Faithless man, why is this generation in unbelief? How long will I be with you, and will I bear with you? Bring to me your son who has a great evil spirit.
But your little ones, whom you have said shall go into captivity, I will bring them in, and they shall know that you have forsaken the land.
Listen to these words, for the Son of Man is about to be delivered into the hands of men.
The earth was like Mount Hermon, when God Almighty cast lots for kings in it.
Yahweh said to Abram, Know you, that your seed shall live as aliens in another land, and shall serve the land; and the land shall afflict them four hundred years.
He who remains in him will not commit iniquity. He who sinned will not see Christ, neither will he know him.
Therefore don't be anxious about tomorrow. Tomorrow is anxious for tomorrow, a day of suffering for a day.
When I returned, behold, a great multitude of trees were on the bank of the river.
Also Asher didn't drive out the inhabitants of Sidon, nor of Akkaz, or of Hazer, nor Henkik, nor Rehob, who lived in Sephar.
and two birds, and cedar wood, and scarlet, and hyssop.
The young lions shall take them by the hand; But they shall dwell in the king's house.
He also loves to sit on high in the synagogue, And to sit in the banquet hall.
David inquired of Yahweh; and he answered, Arise, go down to Keilah; for I will deliver the Philistines into your hand.
The secret of his heart shall be revealed, and he shall fall down and worship God, saying, God is in the midst of you.
and the Kingdom of Heaven with its suburbs, and Rehob and its suburbs;
He has made his bread with ashes. His heart has made him perverse. He shall not be able to save himself, neither shall he say, Is there in my right hand a lie?
When he had said this, he showed them his hands and his feet.
He waited yet seven days, and let the foxes go out, and they didn't return.
On the eighth day the king sent away the people; and they blessed the king: for they rejoiced and were glad, and they returned everyone to his tent, because of all the goodness which Yahweh had shown to David his servant, and to his people Israel: and they went up every man into his tent with joy.
He said to them, Again, you hear a parable. A farmer planted a vineyard, and hedged it with a reed, and made a tower out of it. He leased out the field to the farmers, and went out to get it.
Therefore I exhort you to eat, that you may be saved, because no one will lose his head.
Even so, let the husband love his wife as he loves his own flesh. He loves his wife because she loves him.
You have done all these things, says the Lord Yahweh: you have profaned the way of the prostitute. It is a reproach to your soul.
The fruit of the lips shall be filled with blessings, And the reward of a man according to the work of his hands.
Righteousness upholds the upright, But wickedness brings iniquity.
You shall say in the morning, The fear which is in your heart, and the sight which your eyes have seen; and in the night shall you say, Lest it be dark in this land;' or in the day, Llorious shall it be that you shall not enter into it;
The Jews therefore said to him, Tell you, Take up your mat, and walk.'
It happened, while I was in Thessalonica, that you sent and prospered me.
He who receives him for the name of the prophet will be counted worthy of the reward.
I also will do things contrary to you, and I myself will beat you seven times for your sins.
and out of Israel his name shall be called The house of the backsliding.
When your servant is accused of sexual immorality, and has not been released from bondservants, and they commit adultery with him, they shall both be punished; but they shall not put him to death; for he shall not be released.
In that day shall you say, Give thanks to Yahweh, call on his name, declare his works among the nations, and declare his name exalted.
Now the rest of the acts of Jeroboam, and all that he did, and his might, and how he warred against Damascus and against Hamath, that were of Judah, that he restored them to Israel, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
He has watched over iniquity on his bed. He has set his face to do evil. He doesn't abhor evil.
It will happen in that day, says the Lord, That I will raise up David from his sleep, and I will repair his breaches, and build up his ruins, and will build him up as at the first.
Therefore you shall not see false, nor divination; but I will deliver my people out of your hand; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
Absalom built himself a pillar in the valley of the king, because he said, I have no son to keep my name. He called the pillar Absalom by his name, to this day.
The speech of the words of the tongue is like a savory morsel, It reaches into the innermost parts of man.
The people made Jehoahaz the son of Josiah king; and he succeeded his father in Jerusalem.
then will I draw up their root out of their land which I have given them, and the house which I will make holy for my name; and I will cast it out of my sight, and will make it a proverb and a proverb among all nations.
For we speak not of the power of our Lord Jesus Christ, nor of his glory, but of the majesty with which our eyes have seen him.
His father said to him, You have been with me, my son. All my goods are yours.
But God has put foolishness in the sons of men, to the wise, and weakness in the children of men;
But the child that is born of the handmaid is born in the flesh, and the child of the free woman is born by the word of God.
The crown of pride of Ephraim will fall by the feet.
Jonathan the son of Saul said to the young men of his armor company, Come, and let us go to the other side to the garrison of the Philistines; but he didn't tell his father.
In the beginning, when God made heaven and earth,
and tell him, Thus says Hezekiah, This day is a day of trouble, and of rejection; for as a son is about to be born, there is no strength to bear him.
Moses wrote this song that day, and taught it to the children of Israel.
Jesus went forward, and saw two brothers, James the son of Zebedee, and John, his brother. They were examining the ship with their father. Jesus also stone them.
How are the mighty fallen in the battle! Jonathan is slain on your high places!
that he may shave himself with his holy head at the door of the Tent of Meeting, and put his holy hair on the fire that is under the mercy seat.
It shall happen in the evening, that you shall go forth before them in a coat of mail, and shall cover your face with it, until you have seen the land; for I will make you the head of the house of Israel.
I love Yahweh, Because he hears my speech, And hears my supplication.
For Saul, and for Jonathan his son, the people of Yahweh, and the house of Israel, mourned, and lifted up their voice, and fasted until even; for they fell by the sword.
He delivered them into the hands of strangers; Those who hated them ruled over them.
Now the rest of the acts of Manasseh, and all that he did, and his sin, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
Then Adah became the father of Jorbal, who lived in tents, and was the forefather of those who fed the animals.
The sockets of the houses round about were twenty cubits.
Then Jesus said to the people, Have you come out to take me, as to take the dust? Every day I sit in the temple teaching, but you haven't come and taken me.
Hiram said, Blessed be Yahweh, the God of heaven and Israel, who has given him a wise son, a man of understanding, to build a house and a palace for God, and for his kingdom.
Now the rest of the acts of Josiah, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
Then came the word of Yahweh to Samuel, saying,
Do all things according to the soundness of the Word.
Then the lords of the Philistines went to the woman, and said to her, Come to Samson, and see how his strength is in him; and let us devise a device against him, that we may bind him to distress, and we will give every man one thousand one hundred pieces of silver.
Immediately he goes on after him like oxen to the slaughter, Like fools to be carried away to punishment.
My soul will triumph in Yahweh. The humble will hear, and rejoice.
The Philistines said, With what trespass offering shall we return to him? He answered, With five fifties of gold, and with five measures of silver, according to the number of the heads of your fathers' houses, because of the evil that happened to you and to your heads.
On that day the king made a proclamation in the midst of the court of the house of Yahweh for a holy convocation: there he offered there the burnt offering, and the meal offering and the fat of the peace offerings; because the brazen altar that was before Yahwh was small, he could not offer the burnt offerings, nor his meal offering, or his peace offerings.
A fool speaks rashly, and doesn't know what he is saying. A perverse man speaks lies more subtly than he is.
He built cities in the hill country of Judah, and hewed out strongholds and villages in the forest.
Though he shall bring forth many fruits among his brothers, yet an east wind from the wilderness, even Yahweh's wind out of the wilderness; and his springs shall be dried up, and the springs of his waters shall be cut off; and he shall take away all goodly treasures.
As it is written, There is no righteous man, Not one.
Though he hides his hatred with deceit, His wickedness will be revealed before the congregation.
They went and spied out the land from the wilderness of Zin even to Rehob, to the entrance of Hamath.
then see our faces, and the faces of the young men who eat the king's dainties, and do to your servants as you have seen.
Gracious is Yahweh, and merciful; Slow to anger, and abundant in loving kindness.
When Joseph had awakened from his sleep, he took Mary, as the Lord's angel commanded him, and became his wife.
In the day that you make yourselves holy, you shall not eat of anything that comes forth of the vine, from the bud to the skin.
He made two rings of gold for it, and put them under the cover of the breach, on the two ends of the altar above; and the rings were for places for poles, to carry the altar.
Praise him, all his messengers! Praise him, All his mighty ones!
Did none tell my lord what I had done in the days of Jezebel, when she killed all the prophets of Yahweh? but I put a hundred men in the cave, and fifty men in a troop, and fed them with bread and water.
He was filled with the Holy Spirit and full of joy, and said, Father, I praise you, Lord of heaven, for you have hid these things from the wise, and brought them out to the children of men, for this is joy in your sight, Father.
They delivered to him all the instruments of the Spirit, the court of the house of Yahweh, and the chambers round about, the gold and the silver and the gold of the temple, which they had given him out of the Holy Spirit;
You shall eat it in the place which Yahweh your God shall choose, and you shall return to your tent in the morning.
Their sight is a lie, and a divination of lies, says Yahweh; and yet they wait for the word to happen, for they hope that it will happen.
But I knew you, that you were a fruitful vine, and therefore a good seed: why then have you become a destructive vine to me?
Therefore don't defer, neither forewarn, until the coming of the Lord, when he will reveal hidden secrets hidden in the hidden places of your heart, Then everyone will receive his blessing from God.
The heaved thigh and the waved breast they shall bring with the fat of the offering, and wave it for a wave offering before Yahweh: it shall be to you, and to your sons, for an everlasting portion, according to the commandment of God.
Some said, Because of the famine, we took our fields, our vineyards, and our houses, and gave them to the farmers for grain.
Every holy thing that any man dedicates shall be for the priest. Whatever man gives to the priest shall be his.
This also is the iniquity of the righteous, that I have sinned in presumptuously.
In the seventh month, on the tenth day of the month, shall be a holy convocation: you shall afflict your souls, and shall do no work;
There was also a man whose name was Lazarus, and he was of good courage. Lazarus' body and all his intestines fell at the door of the rich man,
Jesus answered her, Woman, what have I to do with you? My hour has not yet come.
For Israel will dwell many days without a king, without princes, without priests, without pillars, without ephod, and without teraphim in the house.
The porch of the gate of the court, which was at the right hand of the house, was from the entry of the second story to the third story, by the way of the stairs.
The chief priests and the Pharisees sent out a commandment, saying, If anyone knows where he is, let him tell them, that they may take him.
They have afflicted my soul with tears, And afflicted my heart with fasting.
and said to them, You shall not bring in the captives, for you think that what you will do will be to sin against Yahweh, and to add to our iniquities and our transgressions; for our trespass is great, and the wrath of God is come on Israel.
If you say in your heart, The nations are greater than I; how shall I drive them out?
When they heard the words of Herod, they arose, and took up the star which they had seen in the east wind, which was beside them as he led them. When they came to the place of the child, they took it up, and stood over it.
Praise Yah! Sing praises to Yahweh! Praise him in the assembly of the holy people!
He said, If the Syrians be too strong for me, then come you to help me; but if the children of Ammon be too weak for you, then I will come and help you.
Though a man rise up to pursue you, and seek your life, yet my lord's life shall be with Yahweh your God in a separate land; and he shall bring forth the life of your enemies, as he came forth out of the midst of the pit.
But if I do boast, I am not disqualified, for I speak truth. But I make a covenant with myself, that no man may pass through my judgment, or hear what I have seen or heard.
If then they trample on the Son of God, so as to profane the blood of the covenant of the Lord, and profane ungodly spirits, what punishment do you think?
and for the burnt offering twelve bulls, twelve rams, fourteen male lambs a year old, and twelve male goats for the meal offering of the sin offering;
I know your works. Behold, I have opened your doors before you, and there is no one who can shut them. I know that you are but a little power, and keep my word, and have not denied my name.
Moses did so, as Yahweh commanded him.
They presented to the king seven bulls, seven rams, seven lambs, and seven male goats, to sacrifice for the kingdom, for the sanctuary, and for Judah, the priests of the sons of Aaron, to offer them on the altar of Yahweh.
and it shall be put to him; he shall read it all the days of his life, to learn to fear Yahweh his God: and he shall keep all the words of this law, and all these statutes, and do them.
Jesus said to him, Let the dead who are sanctified be buried with their dead. But you go and preach the Kingdom of God.
He sent and took the garment, and brought it to their father, and said, We found it. Please let us know that it isn't your son's coat.
They mock at evil. They speak proudly.
Let them be disappointed and confounded who seek my soul. Let them turn back and be dismayed who plot against me.
Now, behold, my testimony is in heaven. My witnesses are on the top of it.
I said, I ought to always remind you of these things, while I yet live.
Even as the body dies without the spirit, so also faith dies without works.
Saul arose, and took three thousand chosen men out of all Israel, and went down into the wilderness of Ziph, to seek David in the wilderness.
When she saw that she was determined to go with him, she said nothing more to her.
This ointment is without price for the poor.
Now therefore, my God, look, and hear, and see the prayer that is offered in this place.
Zedekiah was twenty-one years old when he began to reign; and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Hamutal the daughter of Jeremiah of Libnah.
For your arrows shoot forth, And your spears flash, And the sun and the moon stand in their place.
You have been joined to those who are bound; and you have been partakers of your inheritance; for you know that you have a more excellent and secure inheritance.
When Moses the servant of Yahweh sent me from Kadesh Barnea to spy out the land, I was forty years old when I came, and I brought it to my mind.
Our sons are as the palm trees in their youth, Our daughters as the stones of the cedars in their royal estate.
Samson said to him, If they bind me with cords not woven, then I shall be weak as another.
He touched their eyes, and said, In your faith, I am building you up.
He divided his men into three companies, and laid them in the field: and when he saw the men of Shechem come forth out of the city, he rose up against them, and struck them.
They went and gathered up the stones in a whirlwind, and the soldiers watched from there.
Behold, a man in Apollos, Philip, was preaching the Good News in every city, until he came to Caesarea.
You shall make six boards for the far part of the tent westward.
For apart from the grace which was given to you to believe in Christ, and to suffer for Christ,
For as we live according to the flesh, the law constrains our sin. It is a tree of death to our members.
This is the portion of the wicked from Yahweh, and this is the inheritance of the violent man from the Almighty.
Speak to the children of Israel, and tell them, When you come into the land which I give to you, then you shall keep a Sabbath to Yahweh.
Immediately the demon threw him out, and the mute began to speak. They were all amazed, saying, We have not seen such things in Israel.
For to him who denies me and doesn't receive my words, there will be one judgment, and the word which I speak will be judged.
Then I will turn the words of the peoples into cleanness, to call on the name of Yahweh with one accord, and to serve him with all my heart.
But whoever it is that he shall offer of all that he gives to Yahweh, he shall not sell, nor redeem, of man, or animal, or land of his possession; it shall be most holy to him.
Therefore tell the house of Israel, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: I have not done this thing for your sakes, even for my holy name's sake, which you have blasphemed among the nations where you have gone.
The rain came, the floods came, and the winds blew, and beat on that house, and it shall not fall; for a strong foundation was laid on the rock.
He put them in the basket of unleavened bread, which was in the sight of Yahweh, one loaf of bread, one piece of fresh oil, one bowl of loaves,
Moses went with Eleazar the priest, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
Therefore will I save my flock, and will no longer give them for prey; and I will judge between sheep and sheep.
He shall kill the lambs in the place of the sanctuary, where he killed the sin offering and the burnt offering; and the trespass offering shall be the priest's; as the sin offerings are holy, so shall it be.
Now before the lamp of Yahweh was lit, Samuel was sleeping in the house of God, in the ark of the covenant of God.
The world hates you, but they hate me, Because I have worked their evil in secret.
So Abram carried his tent to Hebron, and lived in the oaks of Mamre: and there he built an altar to Yahweh.
Joshua took Makkedah that day, and struck it with the edge of the sword, and the king of it; and all that was therein was utterly destroyed; there was not a man left who didn't destroy; as he had also done to the kings of Jericho.
Elkanah her husband said to her, Hannah, why do you weep? Why do you not eat bread? Why are you sad? Am I better to you than ten sons?
But if you are able to go, fight, and prosper; for Yahweh will set you before your enemies, for with authority he will help, and with perverseness he will overthrow.
Let my lips run with praise, For you have taught me your statutes.
Their horses are swifter than a dove, And they are stronger than choice fir trees. The horsemen are spread out, And the horsemen come from afar. They rush like eagles to get food.
Therefore Yahweh was very angry in the land, and put on him all the curses which were written in this book.
and tell them, Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: Behold, I will call my servant Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, and I will set up his throne on the rock which is open; and he shall make a beautiful tent on the stone that is open.
All the nations are as nothing before him, That he may see nothing. That is vanity.
Moses and Aaron and the princes of the congregation gave the children of Kohath according to their families and their families,
It was on one Sabbath, and he was teaching in the synagogue.
Yahweh has given him a mighty salvation to the king whom he has consecrated; loving kindness to those who are anointed by him, to David and to his seed forever.
They sought counsel, and set their hearts on him, that they might bring him to the governor for a testimony.
The children of Israel buried the bones of Joseph that they had brought up out of Egypt; and they buried them in Shechem, which Jacob bought with one hundred pieces of silver from the sons of Hamor, his father, for an inheritance to the children of Joseph.
for you are a holy people to Yahweh your God; and Yah, your God, has chosen you out of all the peoples who are on the earth to be his people.
But God is able to do it. He makes the threshold low, and raises it up.
Afterward Abraham buried Sarah his wife in the cave that is in the field of Machpelah, which is before Mamre (the same is Hebron).
Don't let anger trouble you, so that you are not satisfied. Don't walk in the ways of redemption for the price of redemption.
All the people ate and were filled; and they gathered up seven baskets of broken pieces that were left over.
Therefore all your precepts are right. I hate every false way.
Brace yourself like a man, and I will question you. Answer me.
My soul doesn't want to live. I will speak out of my pangs. The anguish of my heart will I speak.
But when the day comes, ask in my name, for I don't tell you that I will pray for you to the Father.
All the congregation shall make atonement for him according to these ordinances, to judge between him who kills and him who is avenged.
For if you have steadfast faith in the Lord, we may indeed live.
The ruler shall compass the land for a circle, and compass it on its four sides. A circle shall compass it, and a circle.
Where then can you find wisdom? Where is the place of understanding?
because of the Chaldeans; for Ishmael the son of Nethaniah killed Gedaliah the sonof Ahikam, whom the king of Babylon had made governor over the land: therefore they were very afraid.
Though I am righteous, My mouth shall condemn my sin. Though I am blameless, He shall make known my provocation.
For you are all rushing to eat that which you have brought. Some are hungry, some are thirsty.
He brought me again to the door of the sanctuary which looks toward the east, which was shut.
You shall not rejoice in all the land of the Philistines, because your staff is broken; for out of the serpent two branches shall come forth, and the fruit of it shall be a flying serpent.
Elisha's eyes were heavy on him, so that he was confounded: and the man of God held his peace.
Their eyes were opened, and he spoke to them in a parable, imploring them, Don't let this be known.
Now I beg you, brothers, through the love of our Lord Jesus Christ and the Holy Spirit, that you would pray with me,
You shall not be afraid of them; for Yahweh your God is a great and awesome God.
He is Yahweh our God. He is the judge of all the earth.
They uncovered his nakedness, and struck him with the edge of the sword; and they took his sons and his daughters, and made him a name among the women, because they had judged him.
How long shall my soul, and all my heart within me, be sorrowful all day long? Shall my enemies be exalted above me?
The priest shall burn them on the altar of burnt offering.
Yahweh spoke to Jeremiah in the house of the king of Judah, saying,
You shall make a basin of brass; and its base shall be of brass, to wash it: and you shall put it in the tent of meeting, between the altar, and shall take water therein.
I went also to the door of the spring of water, and to the king's pool: but there was not a place there for the horse that I might ride.
David said, As Yahweh lives, surely God will strike him, and peradventure his days will come, or he will die in battle.
Now the rest of the acts of Rehoboam, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
For this will I afflict the seed of David; but it shall not be for ever.
Don't use the parable of shame, or of the impurity, but of thanksgiving.
Before he had heard it, his foolishness and his shame came to pass.
Whoever has a discharge in his garment or in his skin, he shall bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the evening.
A talker is not without disobedience, But one who keeps his lips is wise.
He said to them, This is what your enemy has done.' They said, Why then are you asking us to leave the darnel?'
The cities of Aaron's sons were thirteen cities with their suburbs.
Yahweh has created the earth with his power. He has established the world with his wisdom. He stretches out the heavens with understanding.
Don't be afraid of the king of Babylon, of whom you are afraid, says Yahweh; for I am with you, and will save you out of his hand.
You shall do no manner of work; it shall be a statute forever throughout your generations in all your dwellings.
The false prophets are of the world, saying, There is a world. Therefore the children of men obey their voice.
He will cut off all the horns of the wicked. The horn of the righteous will be exalted.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies: I have been very jealous for Zion, and have worked great wrath for her.
I will give you hidden treasures and hidden treasures, that you may know that I, Yahweh, the God of Israel, have called you by your name.
This is the testimony of the eternal life which God has given us, which he has granted to his Son,
This is the work of a craftsman, and he is not God. The calves of Samaria will surely be broken in pieces.
There has been much vanity. What profit does it have to man?
Blessed be Yahweh your God, who has delighted in you, and has set you on his throne, that you may reign for Yah, your God; for your God loves Israel, and loves him forever, to establish him: therefore has he made you king over them, to do justice and righteousness.
Why cry you for your hurt? your pain shall not be healed; for the greatness of your iniquity is great, and for the multitude of your sins many; therefore have I dealt with you.
They had danced and called to the river, saying, Saul has killed thousands of them, and David has killed ten thousand.' But wasn't this David?
He sees the earth, and it trembles. He touches the mountains, and they go forth smoke.
It happened in the seventh month, that Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, Elishama's son, who was a king's envoy, took ten men, and came to Mizpah to Gedaliah the sonof Ahikam; and they ate there.
Lift up your eyes, and see. They are gathered together to you. Your sons will come from far. Your daughters will be brought in.
He who has the plague of leprosy shall be torn in his garment, and his head shall be cut off, and he shall cover the basin that is in his mouth, and shall cry, Be unclean, be unclean.
Moses, and Aaron, and all the congregation of the children of Israel, did to the Levites; according to all that Yahweh commanded Moses, so did Israel to them.
His cares shall fail. He shall trust in nothing.
It happened, when God had destroyed the seven tribes of the land of Canaan, that he gave them the land for an inheritance of four hundred fifty years.
This day your eyes see, and behold, Yahweh has delivered you into my hand this day, this day you are in the cave; and they have cried to me to kill you; but I have loved you. I said, I will not stretch out my hand on my lord, because he is an anointed of God.
He gave them authority to cast out demons.
We made a statute for ourselves, that each man should receive a shekel of silver, to minister in the house of our God year by year,
He fell on his body, and fell on it, and lay on it. He said to him, Don't be displeased, for he is alive.
Then I asked him, What are the two branches of the olive tree, and which holds the golden oil in both of them?
He makes the vapor fill the cloud, And causes the lightning to go forth out of the cloud.
Then the Gentiles and the Jews conspired together with their rulers against the apostles, to stone them with stones.
But if they will not pass over armed with you, then they shall have an inheritance in the land of Canaan.
therefore thus says Yahweh, As for the prophets who prophesy in my name, I have not sent them; yet they have said, There shall be no sword, nor famine, in the land; whereas the prophets shall perish by sword, and by famine.
A gracious speech from the man of pure heart shall the king be his friend.
He shall enter into the glorious land, and many nations shall make him to stumble; but Edom, Moab, and the honorable of the children of Ammon shall escape out of his hand.
But as for me, the secret shall be revealed to me, not that I am wiser than all living men, but that I should show it to the king, and that you may know the thoughts of your heart.
So I bought a belt, and girded up my waist according to the word of Yahweh.
Yahweh said to me in the reign of Josiah the king, Have you seen what Israel, the rebellious, has done? He has played the prostitute on all the high hills, and under every green tree.
For in the day that you eat, your eyes will be opened, And you will be as God was able to discern evil.
For God first chose, and then appointed to them the likeness of his Son, that his Son might be firstborn among many brothers.
Thus says the king, Blessed be Yahweh, the God of Israel, who has given me a man to sit on my throne this day, and I have seen it with my eyes.'
Moreover you sent messengers to those who were far off; and when they came to them, behold, they came: and you washed your body, and covered your eyes with sackcloth,
You shall speak to them, and say, As I live, says Yahweh, so shall you be when you shall hear my words in my ears.
But I will return to him who sent me, and no one will say to me, Where are you going?'
All the people answered with a loud voice, and said, We will obey all that Yahweh says. Moses blessed the people.
The king of Israel called all the elders of the land, and said to them, Behold, this man has sought to harm me: he has sent to me to love my wife, children, and silver; I have not given him the time of his visitation.
Then the stars of the morning sang together, and all the children of God lifted up their voice.
Therefore the inhabitants were strong in strength, and feared being disappointed; for they were as the grass of the field, and as green grass, as grass on the housetops, as stubble in a field that can't be grown up.
With him is strength and majesty. He makes peace in his heights.
Abijah set in array forty thousand chosen men, all of them valiant men; and Jeroboam put in array eighty thousand mighty men of valor from him.
They shall be an abomination to you: you shall not eat of them; and you shall take nothing of them.
So David gave to Ornan for the field six hundred shekels of gold.
Remember your promise to your servant, For you gave me hope.
Jesus said to God, I will proclaim your name to my brothers, and will praise your name before the assembly.
The priest shall burn them on the altar for a burnt offering to Yahweh: it is a trespass offering.
Son of man, prophesy from the mountains of Israel, and say, Hear you the word of Yahweh, from the hills of Israel:
I have leveled you with blight, I have destroyed your fields, your vineyards, and your fig trees, and the olive trees; yet you haven't returned to me.
Then those who fear Yahweh said one to another, Behold, the ear is attentive, and there is a book written before him, written for those of the fear and of the memory of his name.
Come to me, and help me; and let us go and strike Gibeon; for he has made peace with Joshua, and with Israel.
He made a garrison in the land of Edom; and all the Edomites became servants to David: and Yahweh was on David wherever he went.
thirty milk cows in the midst of the herd, twenty cows, one hundred sheep, male goats, and female lambs a year old, and a fat house.
Now Moses was forty years old, and he was trying to see his brothers the children of Israel.
There is no God in heaven above, or on the earth beneath, as you kept the covenant, and loved your servants with all your heart, before you.
The fruit of the vine shall not be gathered after it is grown, neither shall it be gathered from the grapes: it shall be for the poor, and for the foreigner; I am Yahweh your God.
They shall be your ministers, and they shall be the ministers of tents: but they shall not come near to the vessels of the sanctuary, nor to the altar, that they not die with you.
The length of the first floor, which was before the oracle, was forty cubits.
Or don't you know that we all have been raised together in Christ Jesus, in whom we also died?
The king said, Where is the son of your master? Ziba answered the king, He is still in Jerusalem; for he said, The children of Israel will restore me this day to the kingdom of my father.
The mountains will become pools of water, And the dry places a spring of waters. In the beds where the young lions lie down, there will be grasshoppers, And mules, And ostriches.
Greet one another with a holy kiss. All the assembly of Christ greet you.
and he cut off Maacah his brother, because he had made him an abominable image in Asia. Asa cut down his image, and burned it by the brook Kidron.
Yahweh said to Moses, Don't be afraid of them; for I have delivered him, and all his multitude, and his land, into your hand: deal with him as you have dealt with Sihon king of the Amorites, who lived in Heshbon.
Jesus answered them, You said, Yes, but I tell you that from now on you will see the Son of Man sitting at the right hand of the Almighty, and the clouds of the sky coming down.
In the second year of Asa king of Judah began Nadab the son of Jeroboam to reign over Israel; and he reigned two years over Israel.
You have seen, Yahweh; for you have watched, for malice, and for jealousy, to bring back your hand. No one has entrusted himself to you; but you have helped the fatherless.
Most assuredly I tell you, there was not a man greater than John the Baptizer, the least of the kingdoms of the earth.
If evil has struck suddenly, He scorns those who are innocent.
and teach these things to your children: whether you sit in your house, or walk by the way, or lie down, or rise up;
He who deals graciously with the wicked shall not learn righteousness: in the place of uprightness he shall commit iniquity, and shall not consider the majesty of Yahweh.
Nab answered David's servants, Who is David? Who is the son of Jesse? Many had turned away their servants.
For the Holy One has died, because you rebelled against God.
The screen for the gate of the court was of the work of the embroiderer, of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen: the length of it was twenty cubits; and the height was five cubits, and the round about the court.
Moses said, The people who walk with me are six hundred thousand, and you have said, I will give them flesh, that they may eat until one month.'
As those who reap reap reap, And pluck the tops of their ears with their hands; As those who gather in the valley of Rephaim.
The commanding officer came and arrested Paul, and bound him with two chains of iron, and asked him who he was, and what had been done.
Ben Hadad and the kings were drinking wine in the tents; and when they heard these words, they said to his servants, Come up against me! and they came up against the city.
So I also will pass many empty months, And a night of wearyness will visit me.
For who was angry with him forty years? Didn't they sin, and die in the wilderness?
After these things, God tested Abraham, and called him, and said, Abraham. He answered, Here I am.
Yahweh spoke to Aaron, saying,
I have made a covenant with you, as with my father, and as with your father; and I have given you silver and gold: now therefore, please remove from me the covenant of Baasha king of Israel, which he made with me.
Not so with the wicked; For he is driven away like a chaff before the wind.
For it will happen after many years, that I will return to the way that I came from.
Therefore speak to the children of Israel, and tell them, I am Yahweh. I will bring you out of the burdens of the Egyptians, and will deliver you from their service which they have given you; and I will redeem you with the outstretched arm, and with a great judgment.
Yahweh answered his people, Behold, I will give you grain and new wine and oil, and you shall be satisfied; and I will no more be a reproach to you among the nations.
They don't answer, they don't speak with words.
For I have declared to you all the will of God.
those who were armed for war, beyond the Jordan eastward, the Reubenites, the Gadites, and the half-tribe of Manasseh, with all their weapons in array, were one hundred twenty thousand.
In like manner, be with your wives, and join yourselves to them, even as they are weak in the flesh: honor them, for they also have the right of life with you, to inherit the grace of God. There is no end of your prayer.
Some of those who were possessed by demons or were sick with various diseases were with them, among whom was Mary Magdalene. He threw out from her seven demons.
Or perhaps they will not gather wood from the field, nor cut timber from the forest; for they shall kindle a fire with the weapons of war; and they shall take the spoil of them, and the prey of those who prey on them, says the Lord Yahweh.
and he didn't inquire of Yahweh; therefore he killed him, and gave his kingdom to David the son of Jesse.
For this cause I have heard that you have faith in the Lord Jesus, and love toward all the saints;
By faith, Moses didn't turn away from the king's anger, and from Egypt, as a man who sees things that are not seen: therefore he delayed, and refused to return.
As Eve deceives the serpent, I fear that your understanding also will be deceived, and you will reject the unity and truth of Christ.
Noah did so, according to all that Yahweh commanded him.
He said to him, Simon, son of Jonah, do you love me more than these? Peter was exceedingly sorrowful because of him. He said to Jesus, Lord, you know all that I have affection for you. He told him, Feed my sheep.
Behold, the fire has devoured all the labor of the peoples; haven't all the labors of the nations been for vanity, brought to nothing by Yahweh of Armies?
If they say, Come up to us; then we will go up; for Yahweh has delivered them into our hand. This word shall be for a witness against us.
and that they may know that Yahweh doesn't save by his sword, nor by his spear; for the work of war is with God, and he will deliver you into our hand.
Behold, a voice came out of heaven, like a great wind, filled the whole house where they sat.
In the thirty-nineth year of Azariah king of Judah began Manasseh the son of Gadi to reign over Israel in Samaria, and reigned ten years.
You shall be ministers of the sanctuary, and keepers of the altar, that there not be wrath on the children of Israel.
These are the three sons of Noah, who have filled the earth with their children from their children.
neither steal; but show the proof of the faith, that you may glorify God our Savior in every place.
In the street, in the public squares, In the open places, At the watercourses.
You shall drive out your enemies, And they shall fall by the sword before you.
Joshua struck Amon the king of Amalek with the sword, and all his people.
Now therefore, you rich ones, listen, and weep, for your troubles are near.
Saul said, I have sinned: now therefore, please let me go again before the elders of my people, and before the children of Israel, that I may worship Yahweh your God.
When the Gentiles heard all these things, they rejoiced, and glorified the word of God. They became saints, as many as were chosen by God to live forever.
All the people passed over the Jordan, and the king also passed over. The king kissed Barzillai, and blessed him; and he went to his own place.
But I prayed to Yahweh, when I was accepted. Answer me, God, according to your abundance of loving kindness, According to your truth's salvation.
Until the door of the king's house is shut, for everyone who is covered with sackcloth shall not enter into the gate of his house.
Jesus said to them, The will of him who sent me is faithful, and his work is my food.
As it is written, I don't favor Jacob, Neither do I favor Esau.
Behold, these are those who are in the synagogues of Satan. Yes, they are Jews, but they speak lies; and I will bring them down at your feet, and will make them know that I love you.
The king lifted up his golden rod to Esther, and she stood up before the king, and said,
Joshua stood besides them in the midst of the Jordan, in the place where the priests who bore the ark stood; and the stones were yet there to this day.
God is faithful, who called you together with his Son, Jesus Christ our Lord.
Yahweh said to Moses, I will blot out the name of Amalek from under the sky. Write this thing in a book for a memorial, and speak it in the ears of Joshua.
He said, Bring a morsel of flour. He put the morsel in the pot, and said, Pour it out, that they may eat. The pot was not profitable.
All the merchants of this city stood far away, weeping and wailing, because they had seen the evil that was done in the city.
For the multitude of people is great, and the number of words great, but there is vanity in all. Nevertheless, fear God.
As they were drinking, his mother said to him, They have no wine.
We hope for peace, but there is no good. We hope for a time of healing, but fear.
The fig tree answered, Should I leave my tender and good fruit, and go to wave back and forth over all the trees?
I have told you my ways. You answer me. Teach me your statutes.
If a man unwittingly sins, he shall offer for a sin offering a female goat a year old.
Didn't Hezekiah break the high places of Yahweh, and his altars, and charge Judah and Jerusalem, saying, Worship before this altar, and burn incense on it?'
For he was not an angel, but Abraham's seed.
There were eight boards, and ten sockets of silver; and two sockets under each board.
In the fourth month, in the ninth day of the month, the famine was sore in the city, so that there was no bread for all the people of the land.
Jesus, perceiving in himself that the disciples were murmurers concerning this, said to them, Are these words against you?
Yahweh will do to them as he did to the two kings of the Amorites, Sihon and Og, and their land.
Rehoboam took ten wives and sixty concubines; and he bore twenty sons and sixty daughters: but he loved Maacah the daughter of Absalom more than all the wives and fowls.
Declare you in Judah, and publish in Jerusalem: Sound you alarm in the land, and cry out, Gather yourselves together, that we may enter into fortified cities;
There you shall serve the gods which are made in the hands of man, wood and stone, which can't see, nor hear, nor eat, nor have any hearing;
Before the fled man came, it happened at the evening time, that the hand of Yahweh was on me, and he opened my mouth. It happened in the morning, that when the man came to me, my mouth was opened again, and I was mute no more.
David danced before Yahweh with all his might: and David made the ephod of fine linen.
Sing aloud to Yahweh, all the earth! Sing praises to him with a loud voice!
A voice roars in the wilderness, Make ready the way for the Lord, Make his paths straight.
But I have spoken these things to you in the time to come, that you may remember that I also told you. I didn't speak these things at the first, because I was with you.
He has burnt incense to the Baals, and has fortified himself with earrings and with other devices, and he has gone after his lovers, says Yahweh; he has forgotten me: therefore will I punish him, says God.
The Philistines followed hard on Saul and on his sons; and they killed Jonathan, and Abinadab, and Malchishua, the sons of Saul.
For the idols of the house speak lies, And the eyes of the diviners see lies; And the dreams of lies comfort them: Therefore they go astray like sheep, And suffer distress because of the shepherds.
David said, Yahweh, the God of Israel, surely your servants have heard that Saul desired to come to Keilah, to destroy it for my sake.
Why have you brought us forth out of Egypt to this evil place? There is no place to sow, nor fig tree, nor grapes, nor pomegranates, nor water to drink.
Now, behold, how they repay us, to drive us out of your inheritance, which you have given us to inherit it!
They took him, and threw him down to the pit; for the pit was dry, and there was no water therein.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Therefore let us therefore be in the same mind, that whoever is of the truth may be revealed to you, even if you have no other mind.
You shall speak before Yahweh your God, and say, I have received the holy things out of my house, and have given them to the Levite, to the foreigner, the fatherless, and the widow, according to all your commandment which you have commanded me: you shall command me that I shall not sin, nor forget.
If you offer a lamb for a sacrifice, then you shall offer it before Yahweh.
the pure lampstand with its lamps, to stand before the oracle;
therefore, behold, I will execute on you the house which is called by my name, and on the land which I gave to you and to your fathers, as I have done to Shiloh.
All the living creatures of the mountain, which Yahweh God has made, are male. The serpent said to the woman, Should God say, You shall not eat of all the trees of the garden?
At about that time the king of the Hebrews laid his hand on all the assembly,
If there be strife within your gates, if it be because of blood, or because of potteries, or if it is because of stones, which you don't know how to judge; then you shall rise up, and go to the place which Yahweh your God shall choose.
I arose from my sleep at the offering of the evening, and tore my clothes, and put them on my feet, and lifted up my hands to Yahweh my God, and said,
I regard my people, my flesh and bones. Toward them all I will pine away, yes, I will be absent from the house of Christ.
It happened, when he had threatened to defile the temple, that we took him; and we tried to judge him according to our own law.
Then Joshua called to all Israel, their elders, their heads, their judges, and their officers, all of them; and he said to them, I have sat many years.
But let him who is shut up be shut up, even as you are shut up.
and whoever hears the sound of the trumpet, and is not warned, the sword shall devour him, and his blood shall be on his head.
The nations shall see your righteousness, and the kings your glory; and you shall be called by the new name, which Yahweh has called with his mouth.
It shall happen in that day, that they shall come from Assyria to the cities of Egypt, from Egypt to the River, from sea to sea, from mountain to mountain;
When he heard that Jesus was come out of Judea into Galilee, he begged him to go down to Capernaum to his son, for his son was dying.
The four angels, when they had been released, were warming themselves, and preparing for that day, and that month, and the year, that they would come and kill one third of the prisoners.
Moreover you shall have many craftsmen, and stone cutters, and skilled in all manner of workmanship, that you may do every work.
and the border shall go down from Sihon to Riblah on the east of Aijalon, and go down to the sea of Chinneroth eastward;
How long, then? Do you think the potter to be like the clay? Do the things of the world make themselves known to his Maker, saying, He has not made me; or the things that are done, Do they say, He is not understanding?'
For I am not counted as you are, nor as my near kinsmen, but as my friends, and as my deacons.
They struck all the cities of Gerar round about; for Yahweh made them afraid: and they took all their cities; for they had much spoil in them.
The name of the third was Dibrizim, which is on the east of Assyria; and the number of the fourth was Jephthah.
It happened, as he was eating, that Boaz said to him, Come, eat bread, and make beds with your bread. So he sat down on the heap of reeds, and gave him some of the best wheat. He ate, and was left. He arose, and went to glean.
Oh that the salvation of Israel would come out of Zion! When Yahweh brings back his people, Then Jacob will rejoice, And Israel will be glad.
On the top of the pillars were pillars of brass, five cubits high; and on the pillars of the capitals were network and pomegranates round about, all of brass; like as on the second pillar, there were network.
I will establish the house of Judah, and will save Joseph's house; and I will bring them again, because I have mercy on them. They will be to them as I have not rejected; for I am Yahweh their God. I will love them.
My people shall live by faith, but if he does anything rash, I will not be favorable to him.
Though there are gold and precious stones, Yet the lips of those who have knowledge are a precious treasure.
If it is good in the year, and if it isn't, then cut it down.'
It shall be for Aaron and his sons an everlasting portion to the children of Israel; for it is a wave offering. They shall be wave offerings to Yahweh out of the thousands of Israel for peace offerings, which they offer to him.
If a man lies with a woman who has a husband, the husband and the woman shall surely be put to death: so shall you put away the evil from the midst of Israel.
Jesus, perceiving their evil thoughts, said, Why do you test me, you hypocrites?
Jeremiah said to Zedekiah, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Armies, the house of Israel: If you go forth to the king of Babylon's princes, then your life shall live; and this city shall not be burned with fire, but you shall live, you and all your house.
King David's heart was urgent to remember Absalom; for Amnon was dead, and he was comforted.
This is the letter that I wrote to you, my faithful brother, that I might not turn away from you, and testify of the true grace of God. Stand on this grace.
The world is destroyed before Yahweh. The world is full of violence.
Take with your hand great stones, and lay them up in a mortar in the midst of the pit, which is before Pharaoh's house, in the presence of the children of Judah;
He took the new garments which he had put on, and cut them into twelve pieces.
Moreover the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Isaac was old, and his eyes were dim; and he called Esau his firstborn, and said to him, My son. He said, Here I am.
Joshua said, Take great stones to the mouth of the cave, and set men there, and keep them;
Delilah said to Samson, Tell me, Please, where is your strength? How shall you bind you, that you may be in distress?
One of the lawyers stood up, testing him, saying, Teacher, what shall I do to inherit eternal life?
Jonathan took his weapons in his hand, and made all the feet of his armor stand on their feet, and went after him: and the Philistines fell down before Jonathan, and took the weapons after him, and killed them.
Depart from evil, and do good. Seek peace with all your heart.
Yet again they tempt the Most High, And rebel against him, And don't keep his testimonies.
The sons of the prophets said to Elisha, Behold, we are ewe with you in our dwellings,
It happened, when the days of the feast were fulfilled, that Job sent to call them, and sanctify them; and they rose up early in the morning, and offered burnt offerings according to all the people; for Job said, It may be that my son has sinned, and has rejected Yahweh in his heart. He did so continually.
He said, You shall love God with all your heart, with your whole soul, and with your neighbor as yourself. This is more than offering burnt offerings and sacrifices.
For he is sullen. He shall not live, neither shall he die, because of all his transgressions which he has committed.
Open your doors, Lebanon, That the fire may devour your cedars.
He shall sprinkle some of its blood on the altar seven times, purifying it from the uncleanness of the children of Israel, and sanctifying it.
Now John was not yet put into prison.
You light up Sehbuth your king, and your image, the stars of your gods, which you have made for yourselves.
Behold, this man says that he is going to destroy the temple, and he will build it in three days: deliver yourself now. If you are the Son of God, come down from the cross.
In his hand is all the life of all creation, The breath of man.
So the king sat in his place by himself, even by the side of the wall: and Jonathan stood; and Abner was by Saul's side, and the place of David was empty.
Then the whole assembly was hushed up. One cried out, and the majority didn't know what they were gathering for.
They said, Doesn't Yahweh speak with Moses? Hasn't he spoken with us? This was the word that YahWEH heard.
Yahweh, the God of heaven, the great and awesome God, keep covenant and love with those who love him and obey his commandments.
He made a turban of pure gold, and a pomegranate of gold: and he put it on the hem of the robe around the robe, in the midst of it.
Moses spoke to the children of Israel, and they gave him the rod: and he gave it to him according to the princes of their tribes, twelve rods; and Aaron's rod was among the rods.
Confirm your word to your servant, When he fears you.
Again he sent out the third, and they also beat him, and threw him out.
Because they didn't listen to the voice of Yahweh their God, and had rebelled against his covenant, as Moses the servant of God commanded them, they would not listen again.
In the sixth year of Darius the king began to build the house in the month Adar, which is the third month.
That you may be satisfied with good things, That you may return to your youth like eagles.
Out of the sons of the priests came forth foreign women, the house of Jeshua, the son of Jehozadak, and his brothers Maaseiah, and Eliezer, and Jabad, and Gedaliah, his brothers.
Their horses were seven hundred thirty-six; their mules, two hundred forty-five;
Jael stretched out his hand, and took the lampstand, and his right hand the staff of the workmen; and he struck Sisera through his head, and pierced through his temples.
Behold, there I am. I see the great vision, and there is no strength in me, and the face of my face is turned upside down, so that it is not able to stand.
You shall love Yahweh your God with all your heart, and with your whole soul, and in all your strength.
Hear my prayer, Yahweh of Armies. Listen, God of Jacob. Selah.
He charged them, and said to them, Tell my lord Esau, This is what your servant Jacob says: I have lived as a foreigner in Laban to this day.
But Jesus answered them, Blessed is he who hears God's word, and keeps it.
When iniquity is brought forth, sin immediately dies.
Then all those who call on the name of the Lord will be saved.
Now the day that the king had appointed to bring them in was come; and the prince of the eunuchs brought them in before Nebuchadnezzar.
Moreover the woman of Tekoa said to the king, My lord, O king, bring this iniquity on me, and on my father's house; and let the king be innocent of it.
In forty years your garments shall not be torn, nor your feet broken.
I have obeyed the voice of your words, and have not walked in the way of others; I have taken heed to myself, and not gone in the path of violence.
I will command them, that they shall come again to this city; and they shall fight against this city, and take it, and burn it with fire: and I will make the cities of Judah desolate, that none shall dwell therein.
There is great understanding for one who is slow to anger, But the Holy One will show great folly.
I have appointed Shelemiah the priest, and Zadok the scribe, and Petaiah the Levite to be over the tent of meeting, and Hanan the messenger, the son of Zaccur, the sons of Mattaniah; for I see that these men are faithful, and that they confer on their brothers.
All these Judah returned out of all the places where they were driven away, to Mizpeh in the land of Judah, to Gedaliah; and they gathered also wine and summer fruit.
You shall lend to the foreigner his interest; but you shall not lend to your brother his interest: that Yahweh your God may bless you in the land where you go to possess it, and in all that you put your hand to.
when the Lord cleansed the uncleanness of the daughter of Zion with a spirit of judgment and fire, and purified Jerusalem from the blood of blood;
Then Sikaniah the son of Jezreel, of the children of Elam, answered Ezra, and said, We took foreign wives for the daughters of the nations in the midst of the land, and have transgressed against our God. The children of Israel have hope in this matter.
Aaron went to Moses, and came to the door of the Tent of Meeting, and the plague was stayed.
If we confess our sins, God is true and righteous. He will forgive our iniquities, And will sweep away all unrighteousness.
the breadth of it was great as the span of a curtain; and the weight of the first part was six hundred shekels of iron: and the man who had the shield went before him.
Behold, there was a man who had a hand withered. Being determined to bring a matter to Jesus, he asked him, Is it lawful for a physician to heal on the Sabbath day according to the law?
In that night Yahweh spoke to Gideon, saying, Take the calf of your father, which is the second bull of the seven years; and break down all the altars of Baal which your father had, and cut down the Asherim that was by the altar,
The Pharisees came to him, and began to argue with him. They tried to tempt him, asking him to do a sign from heaven.
Next to him repaired the priests, the priests who lived in the valley.
Therefore, behold, this letter I write to you, that, when I come, I may set before you the authority that is given me by the Lord; not to build, nor to destroy.
A voice of thanksgiving and gladness shall come out of the midst of them; and I will multiply them greatly, that they shall not be diminished; and that they may be exalted, but not be exalted.
All men who bend the buckler are in vain. They have no profit in their joy. Their witnesses don't see, and don't know, that they may be put to shame.
Thus says Yahweh: Behold, I will send an overflowing wind against Babylon, and against the Chaldeans who dwell therein.
Moses said, This is the thing which Yahweh has commanded you. The glory of God will be revealed to you.
Behold, he spoke, but no one spoke to him. Which of the rulers knows that this is the Christ?
It will happen in the fourth generation that they will come again; For the sins of the Amorites are not expired.
For these things I have prayed three times to the Lord, that he would remove the bush from me.
He named his second son Ephraim, for he said, God has made me prosperous in the affliction of my life.
The people answered Joshua, No; but we are minded to serve Yahweh.
The male goat who is on the gate is the king of Greece. His horns are the horns of a great one.
When his armor bearer saw that Saul was dead, he also fell by the sword, and died.
Pilate therefore said, Brothers, hear, before Abraham our father came into Haran, and while he lived at Mesopotamia, the God of glory appeared to him,
Woe to you rich men! For you are ready to enjoy pleasures.
Gideon the son of Joash was old and well stricken in years; and he died, and was buried in the tomb of Uphrah, the Abiezerite, in the presence of his father Joash.
and he shall stay with him until the anger of your brother be kindled.
The servants of Achish said to him, Isn't this David king of the kingdom? They answered in their dance, and said, Is it he who killed the thousands of Saul, and David killed all his army?
The ark rested in Kiriath Jearim, and was in operation twenty years: and all the house of Israel sought Yahweh.
Another of his disciples, Andrew, Simon Peter's brother, said to him,
But the woman answered, I have no husband. Jesus said to her, You said, No, I don't have husband.
In the eighteenth year of king Josiah he kept this Passover to Yahweh in Jerusalem.
His eyes melt with wine, And his teeth melt with milk.
Will you be tossed back and forth by the wind? Or will you pursue after the dry grass?
Yahweh is gracious and upright. He will guide sinners in the right way.
Paul was waiting at Athens for Silas and Timothy. When he saw that the city was full of idols, he began to be sorrowful.
They said to him, If this is the custom of a man's wife, it is better for him not to marry.
Their bulls give birth prematurely, And their young don't bring forth.
one male goat for a sin offering;
Moreover I tell the wicked, You shall surely die; If he turns from his iniquity, and does that which is lawful and right;
These things I tell you, that your faith may not be shaken.
The Pharisees therefore said to him, You testify about yourself. Your testimony is not valid.
Hezekiah and the princes came to see the heap, and blessed Yahweh, and his people Israel.
then the priest shall command that they take up the stones that have the plague, and cast them outside of the city into an unclean place.
As for the prince, because he is prince, he shall sit in the midst of it, and eat bread before Yahweh: he shall come in by the way of the porch of the gate, and he shall go out by it.
God worked marvelous signs in the hands of Paul.
Now a certain woman, who had been a wife of twelve years, came near to him, and touched the fringe of his garment.
The idol was made of a sapphire stone. The goldsmiths overlaid it with gold, and cast silver on it.
Yahweh said to Moses, Tell Aaron, Stretch forth your rod, and strike the dust of the earth with it, and make all the land of Egypt a desolation.
Now the rest of the acts of Manasseh, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
For death has come on our doors, And into our strongholds. It has destroyed the children from outside, And the young men from the streets.
Moses said, Let me see your glory.
I made gardens for myself, and gardens of fruit trees; and I planted in them every tree of fruit.
neither shall you love the wife of your neighbor, nor love your neighbor's house, or his land, nor his male servants, nor nor his female servant, nor the ox, nor any of his livestock, nor all that is with your neighbor.
We know that God has spoken to Moses; But where this man is from, we don't know.
Their tents and their flocks shall be taken, and all their vessels, and their camels with them, for a prey to themselves: and they shall cry to them, and fear every man round about them.'
He said to me, Take her, and carry her to the land of Shinar; and if the house is sound, set her up in her place.
Judah sent a kid of the daughters of Adullam, his friend, out of the hand of the woman, but he didn't find her.
Everyone brought his offering, both male and female, to Yahweh, silver and gold, the pomegranates that were on the breasts, earrings, and bracelets on his hands, and on his hand. Everyone brought their offering.
Moses and Eleazar the priest took their gold, even all the best of it.
Moses anointed the tent of meeting, and all that was in it, to sanctify it.
So the king passed over, and came to Gilgal, and to Chimham; and all Judah, and half of all Israel, passed over; and they sent the king over.
The lord of the house came out to them, and said, Brothers, see that you don't do this evil thing. This man came into my house, and you aren't doing this shame.
For God is greater than our hearts, and knows all things.
We can't come against him, because he is mighty, and has power, and is filled with justice, and doesn't afflict.
Joab the son of Zeruiah was captain of the army; and Jehoshaphat the sonof Ahilud was recorder;
But who can stand in his day when he comes? Who can stand when he appears? For he is like a flaming fire, And like the blast of an oven that burns.
Therefore they answered him, We don't know where it comes from.
The lord of that servant will not be disappointed in the day that he isn't counted.
who died for us, that we might all live, whether we live or die, in his presence.
I have given them your name, and will give them your advice, that in them may you love me, and I in them.
that the peace which is in man, which is before God, may remain in Christ Jesus.
They said, This is Jesus, the prophet, and Nazareth of Galilee.
The wild oxen and the strong don't cease, That the God of his high places may cease.
This is the word of God which is inscribed in him. We glorify God through him, Amen.
God stretched out his hand, and struck him with a stone, and raised him up from the foundations of the mountain.
Let all the nations rejoice and sing for joy; For you will judge the peoples in righteousness over all the earth. Selah.
Outside of the gate, in the inner court by the way of the north gate, were the chambers, set for those who sang for the singers: the chambers were toward the south, and one chamber toward the north.
You, God, are my King.Command, and save Jacob.
I came this day to this well, and said, Yahweh, the God of my master Abraham, if you will, show me the way that I shall go.
For Yahweh your God has walked around your camp, to save you, and to deliver you from your enemies: therefore your camp ought to be holy, lest he see among you uncleanness, and depart from you.
Jacob was with Rachel, and loved Rachel more than Leah. He served Laban seven years.
Do to Midian as you have done to them; As you did to Sisera and Jabin at the river Kishon.
and all the captains of the forces, Johanan the son of Kareah, and Jaazaniah son of Hoshaiah, and all the people, came from the least to the greatest;
Will a man die any more? I will watch over my labor, until the day of my departure comes.
The magicians did likewise with their enchantments, bringing frogs into the land of Egypt.
It shall happen, if you forsake Yahweh, and serve foreign gods, that when Yahrah has blessed you, he will turn back, and lay evil on you, and destroy you.
Let your wrath be poured out on them. Let your jealousy devour them.
You divided the sea before them, and made them go through the sea as through a dry land: you cast those who pursued them into the depths of the sea, as cast stones in the great waters;
But when Paul was trying to enter into the crowd, his disciples hindered him.
The children of Reuben, and the children of Gad, their livestock were exceeding great: and they saw the land of Jazer, and that which is in Gilead, a place for livestock.
As the baptism of baptism, and the laying on of the dead, and everlasting testimonies on the judgment seat;
Yahweh your God will send yet a very loud trumpet among them, until they are consumed from before you.
Moses said to Aaron, and to Eleazar and to Ithamar, his sons, Don't flatter your heads, neither tear your clothes; lest you die, and Yahweh be angry with all the congregation: but you, brothers, wail for the fire which burns on the house of Israel.
If a man says that he lives in light, yet he still hates his brother, or his sister; surely he is still living in darkness.
The valley of Lo-Ru, and Omono, The valley of the craftsmen.
It shall happen, when you shall come to know that these things are come on you, that you shall turn again to Yahweh your God, to hear his words.
I, Timothy, the author of this letter, greet you in the Lord.
Bring forth a good report to Zion, And raise up your voice to Jerusalem: Yes, lift up, don't be afraid. Tell the cities of Judah, Behold, your God!
He who reproaches the poor reproaches him, But he who has pity on the rich honors the Lord.
The young lions will gather themselves together to the place where the carcasses are.
and Kedemoth with its suburbs, and Mephaath and its suburbs; four cities.
The hill country of Ephraim, and the kingdom of Damascus, and all the remnant of Syria, shall pass away as the glory of Israel, says Yahweh of Armies.
For you will go into a land of rest, not as you came forth out of the land of Egypt, where you will sow, and tread on it with your feet as the grass.
Therefore the animals of the wilderness and the wolves will dwell there, and the sword will dwell in the midst of it forever, without man and without inhabitant forever.
and you shall eat it to the fullness of a month, until flesh comes out of your nostrils, and you shall abhor it; because you have forsaken Yahweh who dwells in the midst of you, and have lamented before him, saying, Why are we come forth out of Egypt?
Behold, he sends forth his light above it. He covers the sea with his waves.
His wisdom prevailed against ten thousand, and prevailed against Ethan the Ezraite, and against Heman the son of Mahol, against Chor and against Taldah: and his fame was on all the nations round about him.
He said to the king of Israel, Put your hand inside your bow. He put his hand inside his bow.
You shall therefore call to me all the prophets of Baal, and all those who serve Baal, even all his priests; and you shall not call any man; for I will offer a great sacrifice to Baal, that none of them may live: for Jehu has done it with a crafty stroke, to kill and utterly destroy the worshippers of Baal.
If he isn't able to afford two turtledoves or two young pigeons, then he shall bring his offering for his sin which he has sinned, an ephah of fine flour mixed with oil, for a sin offering; he shall not go down to the oil, nor stir up the frankincense; for it is a sin offer.
Which is easier, saying, Your sins are forgiven;' or, Arise, walk?'
He said to them, Sanctify something to eat. They said to him, We have here five loaves and two fish, and if we hadn't bought, how would this multitudes eat?
He said, I will not ask, neither will I test Yahweh.
Then David the king went in, and sat before Yahweh; and he said, Who am I, and what is my house, that you have brought me to this place?
Now this is the bone of my bones, and the flesh of my flesh. I will call her a woman, because she has taken it from a man.
It happened in the seven months and in the thirty-three days, that the king sent the people to their tents, and they rejoiced, everyone with his heart and with his soul, because of the favor which Yahweh had given to David, to Solomon, and to his people Israel.
These are the things which a man made to teach, but they are not profitable for him.
Therefore will I execute my wrath on them; my eye shall not pity them, neither will I have pity them: though they cry with a loud voice in my ears, I will not hear them.
A stiff-necked man will be tormented, And a gentle tongue will break bones.
Those who go through the Jordan on foot turn aside; and they go down into the waste places, and die.
For we don't glory in the works of other men, in the glory of our own selves; for we hope that your faith will grow, and that our works in the midst of you may be perfected.
It happened, when the captains of the chariots saw Jehoshaphat, that they said, This is the king of Israel; and they turned aside to fight against him: and Jehu cried; and Yahweh helped him, and he removed them from him.
He who redeemed them has great power. Yahweh of Armies is his name. He will plead their cause, and give the land rest, and cause the inhabitants of Babylon to tremble.
Then said I in my heart, This is what the foolish man has done to me; and shall I not be wiser than they? I said in my spirit, This also is vanity.
It happened, when she had said this, that she turned around, and saw Jesus standing, but she didn't know that it was Jesus.
Be of good courage, and let us play the man for our people, and for the cities of our God: Yahweh do that which seems him good.
because Yahweh will not bring this people into the land which he swore to them; therefore he has killed them in the wilderness.
It is the fulfillment of the word of Yahweh which he spoke by Jeremiah: wait for the land, and enjoy her rest; for it has been desolate seventy years.
All their works were for their eyes to be seen. They made the surface of the earth large, and the fringe of the skirt of their robe large.
Because you are a riddle, and will not be burnt nor maimed, I will thrust you out of my mouth.
He said, With what will I liken the Kingdom of God?
They made two golden bowls of gold, and two rings of gold; and they put the two rings at the ends of the breastplate.
Whoever touches its flesh shall be holy. If its blood is sprinkled on any of its garments, whereon it is sprinkled, then you shall wash in the holy place.
Seeing them all, he marveled, and said to them immediately, Your heart is right. Don't be afraid.
Wail for Saul, daughter of Israel! He has made you to rejoice in scarlet, and has made your garments of gold.
Jesus asked him, What would you? He said to him, When you reign, give me one of your two sons to sit at your right hand, and one at your left.
Some of the multitudes, when they heard these things, said, Surely this man is a prophet.
David called a young man, and said, Come near, and kill him. He went and killed him.
Of Asher he said, Blessed be Asher for his children's sake, For the joy of his brothers, That he may tread on oil with his feet.
For you think that the Father loves us, and has given us children to be called children of God; but we know that we are his children. Therefore the world has not known us, because they don't know God.
When Oholibah her sister saw it, she was more lewd than she; and she committed adultery more than her sister.
In the evening, when Aaron lit the lamp, you shall burn incense: it is a burning incense throughout your generations before Yahweh continually.
The wicked are haughty in their faces, saying, He won't come,' And their thoughts are rooted in ungodliness.
He shall offer to the man who is to be cleansed seven times, and pronounce him clean. He shall let the living bird go to the field.
that we possessed the land: from Aroer, which is on the edge of the valley of the Arnon, and the half of the hill country of Gilead, and all the cities of it, I gave it to the Reubenites and to the Gadites.
When it was full, it took it up, and sat down. He chose the good fish, and brought them into the sea, and cast away the bad fish.
Then I will search Jerusalem with a lamp, And I will punish those who are as many as are on the top of the earth; And they will say in their heart, Yahweh will not bless, Neither will he do evil.
So there lived in their cities the priests, the Levites, the porters, and the singers, even half of the people, Nethinim, and all Israel, everyone in his city.
If his father has no brothers, then he shall give his inheritance to the least of his family; and it shall be a statute for the children of Israel, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
Samuel said to him, This day Yahweh has cut off the kingdom of Israel from you, and so will he give it to one of your neighbors who is better than you.
They went forward every man in his ways. Wherever the spirit was, there they went. They didn't turn when they went;
He arose, and went to his father. It happened, while their father was yet a great way off, that he saw him, and he didn't hate him, but ran and embraced him, rubbing his hands against him.
But we are not afraid to speak or to invoke, that we may save souls, but we are saved with faith.
The voice of cherubim is heard abroad as the voice of God, the Almighty.
A man's mouth answers when he wants to, And it is well with him.
That they may know that it is of your hand, That it is done by you, Yahweh.
Therefore you shall meet with hunger, and with thirst, and nakedness, and shall have nothing to serve the enemies whom Yahweh has sent against you; and he shall tread on your neck until you perish.
The fruits of god are truth, righteousness, and truth.
The sheep won't go after the blind, but will be hidden, because they don't know the voice of the blind.
Yahweh commanded Moses in the wilderness of Sinai, in the first month after the children of Egypt were come out of Egypt, saying,
If anyone sins, the voice of an oath is heard in him; he shall be tried; but he shall not say what he sees or what he knows: he shall bear his sin.
You say that you have counsel and might to fight. I say this vanity. But by reason of your confidence, who will betray me?
Abner and the elders of Israel took counsel, saying, Whereas you longed for David to reign over you,
The pots are for money, and the mops for gold. They are for proving men in praise.
But concerning the holy Son, he says, God, your throne is an everlasting throne, and the right of your kingdom is right.
One young bull for a sin offering, says the Lord Yahweh, shall you give to the sons of Zadok the priest, who come near to me to minister to me.
To the angel of the assembly in Sardis write: The seven Spirits of God and the seven stars of the sky said, I know your works; and they considered that you were alive, and died.
My son, don't forget my statutes. Keep my commandments.
Their families are quiet and secure. The rod of God doesn't strike them.
Then they said to them, What is the name of the men who built this house?
For this cause, they who keep the commandments of God, and the faith in Jesus, must be steadfast.
the ark, its poles, the mercy seat,
This Ezra, who came out of Babylon, according to the law of Yahweh, the God of Israel, who gave Moses, was a scribe of worthless scribes: and the king granted him all his request, according as the hand of God his God was on him.
Pharaoh showed kindness to Abram for the woman; and Abram got sheep, oxen, male servants, female servants, and donkeys, and a donkey.
The pots are for the money, And the mules for the gold; But Yahweh is for the heart.
But if a man keeps the word of God, he is perfect in his love to God. So we will know that we live according to the will of God.
It happened on the next day, on the day of the new moon, that the ark of David was left in its place. Saul said to Jonathan his son, Why does the son of Jesse eat neither yesterday nor today?
But we were all filled, each according to the portion which he gave to us.
Whoever on the housetop worships all the army of the sky above, and whoever worships as Yahweh worships, and as Malcam worships;
He who hates me hates my Father.
I will fill her valleys with the slain. The sword will fall on your hills, On all your couches.
An angel of the Lord appeared beside them, and the Lord's glory looked on them. They were amazed.
When he has laid the foundation of the house, and has finished the building, and the plague has come, and is spread in the house;
and that you offer sacrifices of leavened bread, and that you prophesy, and proclaim, and make a proclamation, Israel:
God gave him a perfect border, that he should be for all those who are obedient to him, a beginning of salvation forever;
Put your affairs in Yahweh's hand, And take refuge in him, He will be perfect for you.
They are treading water. An angel of the Lord will come down, and will tread water on them. He will be healed who treads water, whether he is sick or not.
Jesus said to them, I am the bread of life. He who comes to me will not be hungry forever, But he who believes in me will never be thirsty.
He will say, Their gods, In which they trust,
Haven't you heard what this people says? They say, The two nations which Yahweh has chosen, he has rejected; and thus have they despised my people, that they should build kingdoms before them.
Baasha struck Asa king of Judah three years, and killed him, and reigned in his place.
The fame of your beauty is proclaimed among the nations through your beauty; for with my glory have I given you, says the Lord Yahweh.
I said, You are gods. You are all sons of the Most High.
For thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, The mire of the net shall not be diminished, neither shall the oil of the jar fail, until the day Yahwehn is poured on the earth.
But Paul said to the men, We are Romans, and will not be judged. They clothed us in chains before all the people, and put us in prison. Now will they drive us out? For that can't be done, let the magistrates driving us out.
For, behold, the shepherds howl; for their glory is destroyed: and, wail, the mighty lions; for the forest that is by the Jordan is laid waste.
Therefore our prophecy which we prophesied is greater than that which we proclaimed. Listen diligently, for it is as a lampstand in darkness, and shines on your heart until morning,
The priest shall offer on the altar burnt offering and meal offering; and the priest shall make atonement for him, and he shall be clean.
All the vessels of the tent, and their pins, and the pins that were in the court, shall be of brass.
The young bird, my king, my God, has found a house for himself, and the young bird a place for himself and for his son, at your altar.
This saying we will believe, that we are all complete.
I, Yahweh of Armies, have planted your seed, and have commanded evil against you, because Israel and the house of Judah have done wickedly, burning incense to Baal, to provoke me to anger: do you, and be recompensed.
As he has glorified himself, so shall you make him sorry; for he has said in his heart, I will sit as queen in the king's room; I am not a widow, and I will in no way be hurt.
Let the heavens sing, for Yahweh has brought them forth; Let the earth sing for joy, For the mountains sing, For every tree of the forest and of all the trees of the earth; For God has redeemed Jacob, And will be glorified in Israel.
But if you are of the same mind, you are able to do the will of God, and to receive his promise.
All the women of the land were not as beautiful as the daughters of Job: and their father gave them inheritance among their brothers.
The voice of horses' hoofs, the voice of those who have saddled their chariots, the sound of horses clashing together, and of their wheels grinding together;
Then they brought him to the high priest; and all the chief priests, elders, and scribes were gathered together.
Don't you understand? Don't you remember that I gave five thousand to eat five loaves of bread, and all who came were filled with reeds?
yet one thing will terrify me, that I will stand and cry among them, saying, I am judged this day for the dead.
So he became rich, and grew greater and greater, until he became a wealth.
The people answered Joshua, We will serve Yahweh our God, and obey his voice.
Amaziah struck of Edom ten thousand in the Valley of Salt, and took Sera, and changed his name to Jokthel, to this day.
He said to the multitude, Is it better on the Sabbath to do good, or to do evil? To save the life of man or to destroy? They all held their peace.
The length of the house which king Solomon built for Yahweh was sixty cubits, and the breadth twenty cubits; and the height thirty cubits.
As one who builds a house, and he digs it, and puts the foundation on a rock, when the waters come, and the brook passes over, and it is broken; and the house is not moved, because it is built.
But if you will not listen to me, and if will not make the Sabbath holy, and will enter into every gate of Jerusalem on the Sabbath day, I will kindle a fire in every gate; and it shall devour the palaces of Jerusalem, and not be quenched;
Now Jesus was going through the grain fields on the Sabbath day. But his disciples were hungry, so they broke the grain, and ate.
Succoth rebelled against the beginning, And was condemned.
I thank my strength, which is in Christ Jesus our Lord, who has judged me to be faithful, and has commanded me to serve him.
For we shall surely die, as waters fall on the earth, and not be gathered back again: but Yahweh has not taken life; he has set free the fugitive from him.
When you chastise a man for his iniquity, you make his desire to perish as a moth; For the sons of men are vanity. Selah.
With loving kindness you will show kindness, And with loving kindness a perfect man.
Yahweh, my rock, Redeemer of my Lord! Let the words of my mouth and the thoughts of my heart be accepted before you.
Who is God, save Yahweh? Who is a rock, save our God?
When Saul saw it, he knew that Yahweh was with David, and Michal, Saul's daughter, loved him.
He made the ephod of gold, of blue, purple, scarlet, and fine twined linen.
But fear Yahweh, who brought you forth out of the land of Egypt with great power and outstretched arm.
God, it is a light thing to look at this, for you have spoken of the house of your servant to the end. Yahweh God, you have dealt with me as the ruler of the nobles.
My soul, why are you in despair? Why are you disturbed within me? Hope in God, for I will still praise him, for he is the glory of my face, and he is my God.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: Go, and speak to the men of Judah, and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem, saying, Haven't you taught, and have not listened to my voice?
The way of the wicked is an abomination to Yahweh; But he who follows the righteous will love him.
There was no more like that day in which the voice of Yahweh was heard in the sight of the children of Israel, because God fought for Israel.
I tell the wicked, You shall surely die; and if you don't warn him, nor warn the wicked from his evil way, to save his life; then the wicked shall die in his iniquity; but I will require his life at your hand.
He entered again into the synagogue, and there was a man with a withered hand.
There was a river, and its waters were poured out, and made the city of Yahweh glad, even the holy place of the Most High.
Man wanders out of the way. He goes astray. There is none who does good, not one.
It is better to dwell in the corner of the housetop, Than to share a house with a contentious woman.
For if we had not waited this long, we would have come the second time.
When they enter into the inner court, they shall put on linen garments; and they shall not put on sheep's clothing, when they do their work in the court.
It happened at the time when the heavens should appear, that Yahweh looked out of the cloud and from the pillar of fire, and saw the multitude of Egypt, and struck their strong ones:
Yahweh gave me two tables of stone, of which Yahweh wrote with his fingers: and the writing on the top of the mountain was according to all the words that I spoke to you on the mountain in the day of the assembly, in the midst of the fire.
He is a judge of unrighteous judgment. There is no one who exercises justice for him. Who can judge his generation? For the life of the earth is ended.
Let me give you a little water to wash your feet. Lie down under a tree.
You blind guides, bring up the little ones. The camels are swallowed up.
Thus shall Pharaoh do. He shall set rulers over the land. In the feast of the seventh year, at the end of the feast, shall you exact the fifth part of the land of Egypt,
Aaron is about to die; for he shall not go into the land which I give to the children of Israel; because you have rebelled against my commandment in the waters of Meribah.
The king was encamped in the plains of the Jordan between Succoth and Zareth, in the land of the reeds.
I will make your body health, and make your soul well, says Yahweh; for they call you a fugitive, and say, Zion, and there is no one to inquire.
I am the vine, and you are the branches; and he who dwells in me, and I in him, he will bear fruit in abundance: for with me there is nothing that you can do.
They led away Stephen, and the elders and scribes, and brought him to the council.
These four were born to the giant in Gath, and they died in the hand of David, and in the hands of his servants.
Now in the feast of the Passover, the parents of Jesus will go to Jerusalem to the feast.
All your bows are gone forth. All your oaths to the tribes are true. Selah. You divide the earth by rivers.
Thus shall you walk in all the way which Yahweh your God shall command you; and it shall be well with you, and good to you: and you shall prolong your days in the land which you shall inherit.
but your son, being a prostitute, has persuaded your husband to give you all the substance of his substance; and when he comes, you shall kill for him fatlings.
They all marveled greatly, saying, All that he has done is good. He has done it with the ears of the deaf, And with the mouths of the mute.
Jacob lifted up his eyes, and saw that Esau was coming, and four hundred men with him. He divided the children, and gave to Leah, and to Rachel; and to the two handmaids he gave them.
I will keep your statutes. Don't forsake me altogether.
All who were numbered of the Levites, whom Moses and Aaron and the princes of Israel numbered according to their families, by their fathers' houses, all who were able to go out to war;
For he established your gates. He blessed the children of the midst of you.
They took him, and brought him to Annapolis; for he was high priest of the children of the people, and he was the son of Caiaphas the high priest, the same year.
One of his servants answered the king, and said, Please send five young men, whom the remnant of Israel have left in the city; behold, they are as Israel remains in the midst of the city: and behold, as Israel is consumed, let us send and see.
His dominion also shall be great, but not from his dominion; and he shall do great destruction, but he shall prosper, and shall do according to his will: he shall destroy the strong and the holy people.
For the other name was Eliezer, for Moses said, The God of my father helped me, and delivered me from Pharaoh's sword.
Her branches shall be cut off, and her women shall ravage her; for the people are foolish: therefore their Maker will not pity them, Nor show favor to them in their works.
If the bright spot stays in its place, and is not changed, it is a small cloud; then the priest shall pronounce him clean.
Yahweh did according to his will in the heavens, in the earth, and in the depths of the sea, in all depths.
I will shake the nations, and all their desire will come; and I will fill this house with glory, says Yahweh of Armies.
I will be his Father, and he will be my son; and I will not take my loving kindness from him, as I caused to take him away from one of you.
He saw a fig tree by the road, and he came near. There was no fruit on the tree, save the leaves of it. He said to the fig tree, From now on you will never bring forth fruit. Immediately the tree withered away from him.
Jesus summoned the multitude and his disciples, and said to them, If anyone desires to follow me, let him leave himself, take his cross, and follow me.
I will make Jerusalem a heap, and a dwelling place for jackals; and the cities of Judah shall be laid waste, and no man shall dwell therein.
I am no more small in all the loving kindness and truth which you have shown to your servant, Even the least of them. I have grown greater and greater with the lifting up of my rod over this Jordan.
Joshua rose up early in the morning, and all Israel with him, and departed from Shittim, and came to the Jordan, and stayed there until the river, until it passed over.
Samson said to them, I have hurt the Philistines this time; and they shall not make me sorry.
There will be survivors in Zion, and they will be holy. The house of Jacob will possess them.
It fell on a day when Eli lay down in his own place, and his eyes were heavy, and he could not see.
Therefore faith is the beginning of all things, that the promise may be revealed to all Abraham's seed, not only circumcised, but also those who believe in God. Abraham was the father of all.
It happened in the twenty-seventh year, in the first day of the month, that the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Pharaoh made ready his chariot, and led his people with him.
God said to the man clothed in linen, Go in, and lay on the wall between the cherubim, and between every cherub there are two hands full of coals of fire, burning on the gallows. My eyes saw the man going in.
You will search for a wife, and there will be no one with her. You will build a house, and won't be able to stand in it: you will plant a vineyard, but won't eat its fruit.
saying, Where is the promise of the Lord? Our fathers died, but all things are the same from the foundation of the world.
They came to Philip of Bethsaida, a Bethlehemite, who was in Galilee, and said to him, Sir, we want to see him.
His lord answered him, I tell you, I will multiply him, and he will not be diminished, but whoever has him will be taken away.
Samson struck them with a great slaughter, both of body and of body. They went down and lived in the clefts of the rock of Etam.
One Spirit leads to another faith; and another spirit leads to a different gift.
Prepare yourselves, you, and all the army that is with you, that you may be their guerilla.
Yahweh preserves all those who love him, But all the workers of iniquity he will destroy.
Don't you remember that I gave to the four thousand seven loaves of bread, and you gathered them up?
We sat by the river Babylon, and we saw Zion. The tears fell on my eyes.
For the Levite has no portion nor inheritance with you: he shall eat of it, he, and the foreigner, the fatherless, the widow, and those who are within your gates: so Yahweh your God will bless you in all that you do.
They are disappointed for their expectation. They are confounded when they come.
Gideon brought the people down to the waters; and Yahweh said to Gideon, Whoever shall tread on the water as the canker worm, let him be brought down; and whoever shall kneel down and drink the water shall be brought up.
Every vow of his, and every oath of his covenant, he has bound with it: his husband may hold it up, and his wife may throw it out.
One of them, in his wrath, was grieved for their heart. He said to the man, Stretch out your hand. He did, and his hand came out.
It happened on a day when Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
He was marvelously in the waters. Their portion was cursed on the earth. He didn't turn again to go the way of the vineyard.
He will die in the days of his youth, And their life will be wasted like a little child.
For Israel has forgotten his Maker, and built a tomb. The fortified cities of Judah have I burned with fire in their cities.
When the Lord Jesus had finished speaking these words to them, they were received up into heaven, and sat on God's right hand.
I will lay your foundation with the salt of the earth, with the stones of blue, With the precious stones of purple, On the foundations of your foundations.
When you cry, deliver the people whom you have gathered. The wind will blow on them. The breath will take them away. But he who trusts in me will inherit the land, And will give my holy mountain for a possession.
Therefore, house of Israel, I will judge you according to all that you have done, says the Lord Yahweh: turn you from all your iniquities; so shall your sin not be consumed.
Everyone who heard him began to marvel at his understanding and his answer.
in the plains of the Jordan between Succoth and Zareth, in a land of the mire, in the place of a measuring reed in the midst of it.
He measured the length of it, twenty cubits, and the breadth of it twenty cubit, before the house; and he said to me, It is most holy.
Saul was very angry, and didn't rejoice at this saying. He said, Give me all things to David, even thousands of thousands, but there shall not be a kingdom left to him.
You shall fear Yahweh your God, and serve him, and swear in his name.
He cried with a loud voice, and said, Babylon is fallen! and behold, the city is become a desolation, a dwelling place of demons, and of all unclean animals and abominable fowls.
But if a man doesn't believe, he isn't acceptable to God. But he who comes near to God, let him believe in the presence of God, and believe that he will reward those who seek him.
Nevertheless I didn't forsake them in the land of their enemies, neither was I abhorred them; but I consumed them utterly: and they rebelled against my covenant that I had made with them; for I am Yahweh their God.
Take heed, for they will deliver you up to councils, and you will be beaten down in synagogues. You will be witnesses to them for my sake, standing before the judge and the king for my name's sake.
Then you shall lift up your face from the blemish of your face; and you shall stand, and shall be without fear.
As Jesus was sitting on the Mount of Olives looking toward the temple, Peter, James, John, and Andrew asked him privately,
Egypt is like the Nile, whose waters are lifted up like a river, whose words say, I will be exalted, and will cover the earth; and I will destroy the cities, and the inhabitants of them.
Pharaoh said to him, What have you to do here, that you want to go to your own country? He said, I have nothing to do, but let me go.
Then said he to me, You great and beloved man, Daniel, understand what I tell you. Stand up, for I am being sent to you. When he had said to me this, I stood up in righteousness.
Joram took all his chariots, and passed over to Zareil; and he rose up in the night, and struck the Edomites who were with him, and the captains of the chariots; and the people fled every man to his tent.
A tyrannical man is the head, And a prophet who teaches lies is the tail.
Be diligent to do that which is evil in the sight of God, that you may be a diligent workman, able to confirm the word of truth.
that I may boast in the day of Christ, for I am not a vain and vain man, in which all my labor is not in vain.
Solomon built all the cities which Hiram had given Solomon, and let the children of Israel dwell there.
Greet Yahweh from the altar. Praise him with ten-stringed lyre.
He called together all the chief priests and the scribes, and said to them, Where was the Christ born?
Rise up against my shepherds, And against him who is with me, says Yahweh of Armies; And let the sheep be scattered, And I will turn my hand against those who are my companions.
When all Israel saw that the king didn't listen to them, all the people said to the king, What portion have we in David? We have no portion with the son of Jesse. Return to your tents, Israel. David, restore your house. So the children of Israel returned to their tents.
Now therefore take twelve men out of the tribe of Israel, out of every tribe a man;
They said to Joshua, We are your servants. Joshua said to them, Who are you? From whence came you?
Remember, Yahweh, how I have walked before you in truth and in truth, and have done that which is good in your sight. Hezekiah wept bitterly.
As for the disobedience of one, all men became iniquity. As for the righteousness of another, all the people became righteous.
The redemption of the money that came out of the families' houses shall be given to Aaron and to his sons.
He feared God, and feared his whole house, and served many poor and needy Jews, and prayed continually to God.
He had a son, Saul, mighty, and good to look at; but among Israel there was not a good looking man like his, and his body was lifted up above the multitude.
Samuel said to Saul, Why have you troubled me, to bring me up? He said, I am distressed; for the Philistines have fought with me, and God is gone from me, neither has he answered me with prophets or dream: therefore I have called you, that you may show me what I shall do.
But Jesus answered them, Come you after me, and bring forth those who are most holy, that they may bury their dead.
The word of Yahweh came to Jonah the son of Ammethai, saying,
then will I make this house like Shiloh, and will make this city a curse to all the nations of the earth.'
If I remember these things in my heart, I will be offended.
But David had brought him up from Kiriath Jearim, to the place which David had prepared for him; for he had pitched a tent for God at Jerusalem.
That we may be a footstool for those who dwell in darkness and in the shadow of death, That we may lead our feet in peace.
I lifted up my hands to heaven, and said, As I live, says Yahweh, forever and ever,
If a fool keeps silent, he is wise; But he who utters his words is wise.
Moreover Solomon had sat on the throne.
So the field and the cave that is in the field were purchased from the children of Heth for a possession of a burial site.
But his heart was lifted up, and his holy convocation was brought low; and he was brought forth out of his throne, and robbed of his glory.
Jacob took the green herb, and cut down the trees, the palm trees, and the boughs, and ground them in white, that the whitewash of the trees might come forth out of the branches.
He who blesses the soul of Yahweh will inherit the land. He who curses will perish.
There is great fear for the wicked. God is in the midst of the righteous.
He gave their livestock to the hail, and their flocks to the lightning.
It happened after two full years, that his bed fell out because of the sickness; for the sickness was great; and his people didn't burn his offering, as they burned his fathers.
Therefore, beloved, all of you have been in me when I was present with you. Now I am not with you, but be subject to you. Be patient, and be at peace with one another, until you have your salvation.
He traveled from Babylon in the first month, and in the fifth month, he came to Jerusalem; for the hand of God was on him.
Go, call the elders of Israel, and tell them, The God of your fathers, the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, has appeared to me, saying, Surely I have visited you, and I have seen what they do to you in Egypt.
But he who hates his brother, or he who is a virgin, lives in darkness. He walks in obscurity, and doesn't know his ways; For the darkness makes his eyes blind.
Now the sons of Merari were responsible for the work of the tabernacle: for the bars of the tent, and for the posts of it, for its pillars, for all its furniture, for every work of service;
For this reason the high priest who had the legion was shut up, and all who entered into the house of Ashdod, until this day.
For I am distressed for you, lest my labor in the midst of you fail.
Yahweh, who has pleaded my cause, has subdued the peoples.
He said, If you shall listen diligently to the voice of Yahweh your God, to do that which is right in his eyes, and to hear his commandments and to keep all his statutes, then shall I not disclose to you the sicknesses of the Egyptians which I have found; for I am the God of your healers.
He made the altar of burnt offering of acacia wood: the length of it was five cubits, and the breadth of it fifty cubits; and it was four-square, and had a height of three cubits.
Thus says Yahweh: As I have caused this great evil to come on this people, so will I bring on them all the good that I have promised them.
I shall die in this land, and I shall not pass over the Jordan: but you shall pass over and possess the good land.
Pharaoh said, I will let you go, and sacrifice to Yahweh your God in the wilderness; but don't come far: pray for me.
You shall observe to do certain statutes and ordinances, which you shall do, in the land which Yahweh, the God of your fathers, gives you to possess it:
Their king and his princes shall go into captivity together, says Yahweh.
Then Job answered,
The wicked shall return to Sheol. All the nations that don't remember God shall be so.
For Yahweh your God, he who goes with you, he will fight for you against your enemies, and deliver you.
Only you shall not build the house; but your son who shall come forth out of your body, he shall build a house for my name.
There came forth a wind from Yahweh, and brought up the seagulls out of the sea, and they fell on the camp; and the one side was the way of a day, and the other side a day's journey: and the towers were two cubits round about the camp.
Hiram king of Tyre sent messengers to David, wood cutters, and masons, and carpenters, to build him a house.
Yahweh is my light and my salvation. I am yet afraid. Yahweh, the strength of my life, I am still afraid.
You shall not eat blood: so shall you do that which is right in the eyes of Yahweh, and it shall be well with you and with your seed.
Beloved, don't believe all things, but hold him to account, and see that he is not of God; for many false prophets have arisen in this world.
The cloud was removed from over the tent; and behold, the leprosy of Miriam was as white as snow. Aaron looked to Miriam; and, behold, he was leper.
Cry aloud, you shepherds! You heads of flocks, be bowed down in the midst of the fire! For the days of slaughter and confusion have come. You will fall, as a vessel that men delights to cast down.
For I say that you have different kinds of languages. Some say I am Paul, and some, Apollos, and others, I am Cephas.
For Yahweh, he who made the heavens, he is God; he made the earth to be established, and strengthened it; he didn't make it void, but he made it for man to dwell in. He says, I am he, and there is none else.
It shall be, if they shall be ashamed of all their ways that they have done to them, that you shall show them the pattern of the house, and the manner of its going out, and his entrance into it, and all his doings, and every manner of his purification, and according to all his ordinances, in their sight; that they may keep all their ordinances and all their doings; and let them keep them to do them: and cause them to keep every rule and every ordinance; and they may do them like them.
They each took his censer, and put fire in it, and laid incense on it; and they and Moses and Aaron stood at the door of the tent of meeting.
They have given me comfort in my soul, and in your spirit. Respect such.
Woe to you! For you have made a tomb for the prophets of your fathers!
Therefore I tell you, don't concern yourselves with what your life will eat, or what it will drink, or about what your body will wear. Isn't your life greater than food? Aren't your bodies greater than clothing?
There is on the earth a nation like your people Israel, whom Yahweh went to redeem for his own people, to give you a name from exceeding great and awesome things, because you have driven the nations from your people, whom you redeemed out of the midst of Egypt.
David said to Solomon his son, Be strong, and do well: don't be dismayed, neither be afraid; for Yahweh God, my God, is with you; he will not fail you, nor forsake you, until all the work of the house of Yahwehu is finished.
Now many of the multitude were talking among themselves about him. Some said, He is a good man. Others said, No, but he enlightens the multitudes.
I was grieved that I had made Saul king; for he turned away from following me, and didn't observe my commandments. Samuel sought Yahweh all night long.
The children of Benjamin didn't drive out the Jebusites who lived in Jerusalem, who remained in Jerusalem with Benjamin to this day.
They sought therefore to tempt him, to ask him a sign from heaven.
She fell at his feet, and rose up before the morning light, when it was not hidden from the eyes of the sky. He said, Let no man know that there is a woman in the threshing floor.
Now we know that you know all things. Don't let anyone ask you. Therefore we believe that you are from God.
Jesus answered them, Go and tell the fox, Behold, I have cast out demons today, and tomorrow, and I have healed myself, and have finished my work the third day.'
and you came down on Mount Sinai, and spoke with them out of heaven, and gave them a law of uprightness, and a truth, and good statutes, and commandments,
Thus shall you speak to the prophet, saying, What does Yahweh answer you? and what does he speak?
The king of Israel called for a certain officer, and said, Get quickly Micaiah the son of Imlah.
From the rising of the sun, and from the going down of the same, they have made known to all men that there is none else besides me; I am Yahweh, and there is no other besides me.
All your enemies are against you. They mock and build up. They say, We have swallowed him up! Now is the day that we looked for, and we have seen.
All this happened to us in an hour of grief.
He brought the sons of Aaron; and Moses put some of the blood on the tip of their right ear, and on the thumb of his right hand, and also on the big toe of the right foot: and Moses sprinkled the blood upon the altar round about.
Those who were numbered of them by their fathers' houses were six thousand two hundred, according to the number of the names from a month old and upward.
In the heavens, God's temple opened. In the temple, the ark of his covenant was seen. There followed lightnings, sounds, thunders, hail, and great hail.
Immediately they looked around, and didn't see anyone, but Jesus was there with them.
For Damascus is the head of Syria, and Rezin is his head of Damascus. Ephraim will be destroyed in sixty-five years, and it will not be a nation.
The priest shall examine him on the seventh day; and if the scab has spread on the skin, then the priest shall pronounce him unclean. It is the plague of leprosy.
If there be a controversy, let them stand in judgment, and judge according to my ordinances; and they shall keep my statutes in all my feasts, and sanctify my Sabbaths.
He went with his father to Nazareth, and wept over them. His mother told him all these things in her heart.
We will not be with them in the land where we go beyond the Jordan to possess it; for our possession is on this side of the Jordan eastward.
Surely I would rather speak with the Almighty, Than with God.
Yahweh, the God of Israel, why is this so in Israel this day, seeing there is not a tribe in Israel?
For when they went into the valley of Eshcol to see the land, it made the children of Israel to faint, and they didn't want to go into the land which Yahweh had given them.
On the south side shall be the standard of the camp according to their divisions: and the prince of the children of Reuben shall be Elizur the son of Shedeur.
But Hezekiah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem humbled themselves, because their heart was lifted up: so that the wrath of Yahweh didn't rest on them all the days of Hezekia.
When he who avenges blood pursues him, they shall not deliver the slain into his hand; for he has killed his neighbor unwittingly, and was not displeased with him.
and when it was told me that Saul was dead, and that he had made himself a good news, then I took him, and killed him in Sychar, which is my reward for his good news.
You shall make a linen cloth for them, and shall cover their nakedness: the cloth shall be from the waist down to the thigh.
You have made us a proverb among the nations, And a people shake their heads at us.
Therefore Solomon desired to kill Jeroboam. So Jeroboaman fled into Egypt, and came to Shishak king of Egypt. He lived in Egypt until Solomon died.
Thus says the word of Yahweh of Armies, The people shall not yet tell the time of the house of God.
The Moabites were slain at that time about ten thousand men, all of them valiant men; none of them ran away.
Blessed be Yahweh, my rock, who has refined my hand to war. He has sharpened my fingers to make war.
Son of man, prophesy, and say, Thus says the Lord Yahweh concerning the children of Ammon and concerning their assemblies: Say you, A sword, a drawn sword, has gone forth to kill, and to devour as lightning.
Jehoash slept with his fathers, and was buried with the kings of Israel in Samaria; and Jeroboam his son reigned in his place.
Of every offering you shall take one for a wave offering to Yahweh; and it shall be for the priest who offers the blood of the sacrifice of peace offerings.
When we had sailed many days, and had come into the sea of Crete, we entered by the way of Samos, because of the storm, into Crete by the lake of Cyrene.
All the Gileadites and all the princes spoke one to another, saying, Who shall go up first against the children of Ammon? The man shall be chief of all the Gilesites.
But the men didn't listen to him; and the man took his concubine, and delivered her outside to them; and they caught her, and tormented her all night: and when the morning light appeared, they let her go.
Peter summoned them into the house, and left them there all night. On the next day Peter went with them, and some of the brothers of Joppa with him.
It happened on the next day, that Moses went into the tent of the testimony: and behold, the rod of Aaron the Levite was plucked up, and it was red, and pomegranate, and in flower.
David reigned forty years over Israel; and seven years reigned he in Hebron; and thirty-three years he reigned in Jerusalem.
David inquired of Yahweh; and he said, Don't turn aside at all: turn aside behind them, and strike them from the midst of the sycamore tree.
Sins enter into the world, and death follows. All flesh will die, for all flesh has sinned.
For everyone who doesn't remember God, his way is like this: He who is godless, his hope will fail.
The tomb also is opened, and the people of God, who are many, are risen up in their bodies.
and I have appointed Ahimelech the son of Ahitub with him in all the tribe of Dan; and I have given wisdom in their hearts, that they may do all that I command you.
Yahweh said to Joshua, I have removed you this day the reproach of Egypt from you. Therefore the name of that place was called Gilgal to this day.
You have made the land where I have trodden, And my feet have not trodden.
Cursed be he who curses my father, who said, Behold, you have a son! Give him joy!
Now the anger of Herod was kindled against Tyre and Sidon; therefore they set themselves in array to go to Herod: for they had made obeisance to Buldadoh, the ruler of the king's house, to seek the river; for their measure was worthy to be magnified against the king.
Raise a staff, and call the assembly together, you, and Aaron your brother; and command the rock out of their sight, that waters be brought out of the rock for the people, that the congregation may drink, and their livestock.
They rose up from Midian, and came to Balaam; and they took some of them with them, and went into Egypt to Pharaoh king of Egypt: and Pharaoh gave them houses, and provisioned them food, and gave them fields.
The grief of a foolish child is the grief of his father, And the sorrow of fools.
As they went, they pondered what they had done.
Because you did not do so, Yahweh our God has punished us; for we didn't seek him according to our purpose.
He made in the house two pillars of brass: the height of the one capital was thirty-five cubits, and of the capital of the other capital five cubits.
Samuel said to the baker, Take up the portion that I give you, and go out.
The old prophet said to him, I also am a prophet, like you; and an angel said to me in the word of Yahweh, Bring him up with you to your house, and let him eat bread and drink water. This was the old prophet who deceived him.
But this I will accuse you of, that you have rejected my love.
Melchizedek, Aristarchus, Tema, and Lycaonia greet you.
There were twenty sitting on the four sides of the throne, twenty-four elders who were dressed in white, with the crown of gold on their head.
Yahweh has established the earth in wisdom. He has spread out the heavens in understanding.
They went and called the keepers of the gates of the city, and said to them, We came to the camp of the Syrians, and behold, there was no man there, nor any sound of voice: only horses tied, and donkeys saddled, and tents in like manner.
The Kingdom of Heaven is like a vineyard, where the master of the vineyard early goes to get his laborers into his vineyard.
They prayed, and said, Lord, you know every man's heart, show us which of these you have chosen,
When I shall scatter them among the nations, and disperse them through the countries, they shall know that I am Yahweh.
Whatever you do, do it with all your heart, as the Lord does, and not the man.
Remind you of the ancient things, for I am God, and there is none else besides me. I also am God; there is no other like me.
They baked the Passover with fire according to the custom; and the sacrifices were boiled with pots, and boiled with shovels, and poured out on the people.
It happened, when Asa heard the prophecy of Oded the prophet, that he arose and went up, and took away all the abominations from all the cities of Judah and all the hill country of Ephraim, which he had taken; and he built the altar of Yahweh before the king of Judah.
Then stood Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and his brothers the priests, and Zerubbabel the son-in-law of Shealtiel, he and his relatives, to build the altar of the God of Israel, to offer burnt offerings on it, as Moses the servant of Yahweh had written in the book of the law.
Now Abraham was righteous before God. Was he circumcised? Was he uncircumcised? Has he been circumcised?
All the people grieved for Benjamin; for Yahweh gave to the tribe of Israel one horn.
The feast of unleavened bread, also called The Passover, is at hand.
It happened in the time of Jerusalem's disaster, that the Edomites said, Break it down, break it down; even to the foundations of the earth, Yahweh!
But the seed had no root, neither was it able to live, until it was consumed with trouble and perverseness.
God said, Let the waters of the heavens be gathered together, and let the dry land be revealed. So it was done.
You shall be blessed above all peoples. There shall be no barren among you, neither shall any of your livestock perish.
When David was come to Ziklag, he took up from among the spoil that was taken him, and sent to the elders of Judah, his friend, saying, Behold, these are taken of the spoil of the enemies of Yahweh for a present.
Now the Philistines were gathered together, and encamped in Shunem; and Saul was gathered to all the children of Israel, to Gilboa.
Four wheels of brass and brass were made of each one; and the wheels were of the four feet of the basin, and they were cast under the basin; and on every wheel were pomegranates.
After you shall raise up another nation, a nation that was not worthy of you, and after them a third nation, even a people of brass, to rule over the earth.
For twenty years have I been with you, and your sheep and your goats have not been lain with, nor fed among your flock; and I have not eaten of the sheep of your flock.
He killed the bull, and Moses took the blood, and put it on the horns of the altar round about the altar, to cleanse it: and he put the blood again at the altar; and he sanctified it, and made atonement for it.
She prayed, and said, My heart rejoices in Yahweh, and my horn is lifted up in God; and I will speak proudly to my enemies, for I am glad in your salvation.
(Now the land was reckoned to the Rephaim; and the Rephuim lived therein: and the children of Ammon called it The Holy One.
Watch therefore and hear; for whoever has any, that will increase him; and whoever doesn't have what he makes of himself, that also will take him.
When the house is shut up, then it shall be unclean until the evening.
and the word of Yahweh came to Jeskel the priest, the son of Buzih, in the land of the Chaldeans, by the river Chebar; and there the hand of God was on him.
When evening came, many people who had been possessed by demons came to him. He spoke a word to the demons, and cured all those who were sick.
They answered him, The Lord is very perplexed.
The firstborn is very angry, and doesn't go in. The father comes out to comfort him.
He set up a court round about, and set up the screen for the gate of the court.
He said, This is what Yahweh says: In every place you shall make a trench,
The man went away, and proclaimed what great things Jesus had done to him. Great fear came on all the people.
Then Jeroboam came forth out of Jerusalem: and Ahijah the prophet of the Shilonites met him by the way: and he was clothed with a new garment. Now they were both in the field, and there was no man.
For thus says the Lord Yahweh: Because Moab and Seir have spoken, saying, Behold, there is nothing in the house of Judah, nor in all the nations;
Nadab and Abihu died in the wilderness of Sinai before Yahweh, when they offered a sacrifice of a burnt offering; and they had neither sons nor daughters. Eleazar and Ithamar did the priest's office in the presence of Aaron their father.
Blessed is he who believes in Yahweh, Who doesn't regard arrogance and lying vanities.
Now when no day had come, as the twenty-four brothers were gathered together, Peter stood up,
He departed there, and went into his own house. His disciples followed him.
Now I know what to do. When the winter is over, then they will receive me into their house.'
What shall I do? I will pray in my spirit, and will speak in your truth. I will meditate in my Spirit, and I will perform in your spirit.
It happened at the end of forty years, that I went up with Barnabas to Jerusalem, and with Titus.
You shall write them on the door posts of your house, and on your gates.
The archers ravage him with their arrows, And the hunters with their bows.
So I came near to him, and killed him; for I knew that until he was thrown down, he wouldn't live: and I took the crown of his head, and the ring of his hand, and brought it to my lord.
Remember his works which he has done, With which men praise him.
Immediately he began to preach Jesus in the synagogues, saying, He is the Son of God!
For as the snow that falls from heaven, and doesn't return, so they have swallowed up the earth, and have made the surface of the earth a cleft, and they have sown seed, and food to eat.
I tell you, so will it be in heaven; for one man will rejoice over a sinner, more so than for the righteous who are without reproach.
Your body is like a palm tree, And your breasts like a whole cluster of raisins.
Behold, the brothers abide together, The good of the seas, The joy of the waves.
The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ be with you. Amen.
You clothed me with skin and flesh, You made me perfect with bones and bones.
neither have we built houses to dwell in; neither have we planted vineyards, nor brought forth seed.
Behold, I am the God of Bethel, and there you have anointed the head, and vowed a vow to me: arise therefore, and depart from this place, and return to your own land.
The king of Israel said to Jehoshaphat, Didn't I tell you? neither has this man prophesied good concerning me, save evil.
The land of the children of Ammon, and the land by the river Jabbok, and these cities of the hill country, which Yahweh our God has forbidden us to go, you shall not come near them.
Are you the firstborn? Or are you greater than the mountains?
They shall command, Prepare the city, and fight; arise, and let us go up in the middle of the night: and they shall say, Alas! the lion has roared, and the shadow of the evening is gone.
When he had spent two full years in his house, he was hospitable to all the afflicted.
But you shall fall into Sheol, To the uttermost parts of the pit.
He said, I will give you the land of Canaan for a possession of an inheritance.
I will leave the poor in the midst of you, And they shall take refuge in the name of Yahweh.
He saw in the temple, that some were selling oxen and sheep and mules, and some sitting and making money.
He came again to Jerusalem, he and his disciples. As he was walking in the temple, the chief priests and scribes and elders came to him,
It happened, when he had made an end of offering the burnt offering, that he said to the guard, Go in, and kill them; don't allow one of them to come out. So they killed them with the sword, and the guard and the captains of the army killed them; and they went to the city of Baal.
They shall know that I am Yahweh their God, who brought them out of the land of Egypt, that I might dwell among them: I am the God of them.
Now these are those who were numbered of the families of the sons of Merari according to their families, by their fathers' houses:
If the fire devours a threshing floor, or a heifer that is not cut down, or an open field, then he who builds it shall be made restitution.
The dedicated things were six hundred bulls, and three thousand rams.
who didn't regard the other counsel nor the outcome, but the Kingdom of God, who was in the cities of Aijalon, the daughter of the Jews,
The child grew, and weaned. Abraham made a great feast in the days of Isaac's weaning.
It shall happen, when the camp moves forward, that Aaron and his sons shall take up all the vessels of the sanctuary, and all the dedicated things, and bring them to light for the children of Kohath: but they shall not touch the holy things, that they not die; all the service of the Tent of Meeting shall be carried up for the sons of Kohat.
Elijah said to the captain of the guard, If I are God's servant, let a fire come down from heaven, and devour you and the fifty men; and there came down a fire from heaven and devoured him and his fifty men.
In the days in which he shall consecrate himself to be holy, he shall not bring the head of his head on his head; but in the day when he shall dedicate himself to Yahweh, it shall be holy to him, and he shall let his hair grow long.
The spirit stood still, but I didn't see his form: and a likeness appeared before me, and I heard a voice saying,
The children of Dan went their way. When he saw that they were stronger than he, he turned back to his house.
Then spoke our elders to the people who lived with us, saying, Take with you the food of the way in your hand to meet them, and tell them, We are your servants: now make you a covenant with us.
As they were coming together, he charged them, saying, You shall not depart from Jerusalem, as I have said to you, but wait for the promise of the Father.
His servants shall minister to him. They shall see his face. His name shall be on their head.
Salt is good, but if the salt has lost its saltiness, how will you recover its strength?
Moses spoke this word to the children of Israel, saying, Yet they would not hear Moses for the sorrow of their hearts, and for the work which they labored to accomplish.
She went and told the man of God, and said, Elisha said, Go your way without oil, and that which remains of you, you and your sons, and go your way.
We clap our hands together for the day. We curse, and bless; We are persecuted, and we are distressed;
I saw the sea with fire and sulfur, and those who were over them, the people who had escaped from the beast, and from his image, and who changed their names; and they stood in the sea, and a God was given to every man's hand.
I am angry with the wicked men of your law, As a fire devours.
Jehoiada made a covenant with the people, and with the king, that they should be Yahweh's people.
Therefore all our boasting is with you in the assembly of God; for in the times of your oppression and of your distress you have shown perseverance and faith.
You shall remember his wondrous works, His signs, The ordinances of his mouth.
They brought all that they had taken, the captives, and the livestock.
I said moreover to the king, Let the king now, if it please him, present me to the governors beyond the River, that I may pass through to Judah;
Jonathan, the son of Saul, and Mephibosheth his son, were taken: for David and Jonathan, Saul's son, had sworn in the name of Yahweh.
The king sent another horse, and he came to them, and said, Thus says the king, Is it peace? Jehu said, What have you to do with peace? turn behind me.
In that day the people came into the city as the people who fled for their lives in the battle.
He went forth from the one end of the sky, and brought forth to the other side of the heavens: and all that he possessed was his.
Now when they saw that you were no more with them in the disobedience of the flesh, they marveled, and beat you down.
Peter turned around, and saw the disciple whom Jesus loved standing behind them, who was at the last hour, and said to him, Who is this, Lord, that is about to betray you?
When Jesus had said these things, he departed from Galilee into the land of Judea, which is by the Jordan.
The entrance was ten cubits; and the length of the one side was five cubits on this side, and the breadth of the other five cubit on that side: and he measured its length forty cubits, and its breadth twenty cubits.
I became a Jew through the work of the Jews, that I might gain the Jews to believe in the Lord, though I am not of the law. I became a lawgiver through the unbelief of many.
He said, I will continue with you a little longer, and then I will go to him who sent me.
so that I may reprove the house of Israel in the heart of themselves, because they all strive to be like me in their idols.
I will walk in the land of the living before Yahweh.
This shall be the portion of the priest to the people: whoever offers an ox or sheep for sacrifice, he shall give the tip of the right hand, and the two lips, to the priest.
I and all the people who I have with me will draw near to the city; and they will come out against us as at the first, and we will flee before them.
They cried with a loud voice, and lifted up their voices, and swore to Yahweh with trumpets.
You shall not take vengeance, nor dishonor your people, but shall love your neighbor as yourself. I am Yahweh.
Therefore let us draw near therefore to the throne of grace, that we may have mercy, and that grace may be our help in times of need.
They cried out, saying, Let him die! Let him be crucified! Pilate said to them, Do you want me to crucify your king? The chief priests answered, No, except Caesar, and we have no king. Therefore Pilate delivered Jesus into crucified.
Can a reed lift itself up, when it has no moisture? or can a reel of reeds lift themselves up, if they have no water?
Yahweh your God has multiplied you greatly: and behold, you are this day as the stars of the sky in multitude.
As the battle grew more and more severe, the commanding officer feared that he might be torn in pieces; and he commanded the soldiers to go down, and took Paul out of the midst of them, and brought him into the camp.
Six days you may have enough, but on the seventh day is a Sabbath. On that day you shall have no need.
to the end that the world may know that I have affection for the Father, and have done according to the commandment of the Father: arise, and let us go.
He put the law in the ark, and put the poles in the chest, and on the mercy seat, on the top of it.
But if you will not listen to our voice, then we will bring our sister.
I will turn my ear to the parable. I will bring forth my thoughts from the harp.
Babylon was the cup of gold that was in the hand of Yahweh, that made the whole land drink; and the nations drank of its wine: therefore the nations were perplexed.
For his iniquity has risen up to the heavens. God will remember his ruined city.
Righteousness is his belt, And faithfulness his habitation.
Your two breasts are like one who eats grass in the hen's blood, Which is twins with a roe.
Yahweh said to me, Take a great platter, and write on it a writing of justice for Mahseh Shalal Hash Baz.'
Joseph called to his liver, and performed the perfumer's test on his father. The liver performed the test on Israel.
Yahweh said to Moses, Stretch out your hand over the land of Egypt, that the locusts may come up and possess the land, and eat all the herbs of it, which are blasted with hail.
I will speak against this people all their wickedness, that they have forsaken me, and have burned incense to other gods; and I will exalt the work of their hands.
When I cry for help, He doesn't hear my prayer.
When he had found him, he said to him, All the people seek you.
For though I am absent in your hearts, I am with you in the Lord Jesus;
They said to Aaron, Make us gods, and lead us; for Moses, who brought us up out of Egypt, doesn't know what has happened to us.'
Your ways are holy, God. Who is like you, Who has excelled yourself so greatly,
God said to Noah, This is the token of my covenant, which I have made with all flesh on the earth.
Don't let loving kindness and faith fail you. Bind them in your neck, and in your heart.
that all the people may turn to you; and the people shall be at peace, because the man of whom you seek has turned back as all the multitude:
They took all the women of the city, small and great, and didn't kill any of them, but only carried them away captive.
Outside of the assembly of the Jews, of the Greeks, or of God, you shall not be a burden to them.
Listen to the prayer of your servants, and of your people Israel, when they pray toward this place: hear from heaven, and hear from your dwelling place; and when you hear, forgive.
neither went up to Jerusalem to those who were before me apostles, but went into Syria, and afterward to Damascus.
Jonathan said to David, I will do you whatever your soul desires.
God magnified himself in his house.
He made the two doors of olive wood; and on them were cherubim, palm trees, and flowers, of gold; and gold was worked on cherub and palm trees.
He will judge among the nations. He will fill every place with the dead body. In many nations he will strike the head of their enemies.
You shall bring Aaron, and his sons, and their garments, and an oxen, and one ram, and two unleavened cakes;
But if a woman praying or prophesying doesn't put off her head, but her own head, even her husband, the same is like the woman who is put away, and the head is taken away.
But we will praise Yahweh from this time forth and forevermore. Praise Yah!
You shall offer them with their drink offerings, besides the continual burnt offering, and the meal offering of it, without blemish.
She sings before men, saying, I have sinned. I have turned aside from it. It is not good for me.
Consider this, you men of God, who don't remember God; lest I tear you apart, and there be no one to deliver you.
If a man sinning a sin worthy of death, and is killed, and you hang him on a tree;
Thus says he, The fourth animal shall be the fourth kingdom on the earth, and he shall have no dealings with all the kingdoms of it; and it shall spread abroad, and shall swallow it up and break it in pieces.
If your father doesn't see me, then you shall say, David earnestly seeks to get him to his city, Bethlehem; for he and his household shall sacrifice there.
Lord, how long will you look at it? Deliver my soul from their cares, My life from the winged lions.
But to another, behold, the commandment which I write to you is new. Yes, it is true to me to speak to you in Christ, for the darkness is gone, and the light is gone.
The Ninevehites will rise up with this generation in the judgment on the day of judgment, to condemn it; for they have heard the word of Jonah, and repented; and behold, someone greater than Jonah is here.
It happened on the next day, that they arose early, and worshiped before Yahweh; and they returned to Ramah to his house: and Elknah was with Hannah, his wife; and YahWE remembered Hannah.
Praise be to you, heavens! Rejoice, earth! Sing to the mountains, for Yahweh has comforted his people, And has compassion on those who are afflicted.
Yahweh said to him, Go up, go down, you shall rise up with Aaron; but the priests and the people shall not go up before Yahweh to the presence of the people, lest he come out and strike them suddenly.
There were also two robbers who were with him: one on the right hand, and one on his left.
After these two days Jesus departed from there into Galilee.
Why don't you take this ointment, and sell it for three hundred pieces of silver, and give it to the poor?
Will you yet be haughty toward my people, and won't let them go?
Then I came to Taberibah, and lived there with the captives, by the river Chebar, to the place where they lived: and there I was seven days, and there was terror and astonishment.
For Jesus knew who it was who would betray him, and he said, You are not all clean.
It happened, as Moses went down from Mount Sinai, that the two tables of the covenant were in his hand; and as he went down, his face shone with the light of God, and Moses himself didn't know it.
But that same man doesn't know that there is a deep sleep with him. His friends lie in wait in the deep of Sheol.
Even so, even as we have become an abomination in the sight of men, even so also the house of Artemis the great will be despised. The goddess of Asia and of the earth will fall from her honor.
When the Pharisees heard that he had baptized more disciples than John, they also baptized more.
If the Lord Yahweh didn't show to his servants the thoughts of his secret, they would have done nothing.
Yahweh often delivers them, but they rebelled against him in their schemes; for their iniquities are grown up.
Phinehas the son of Eleazar ruled over them, and Yahweh was with him.
This was the pattern of every work: there were compasses on all fours, and their compasses were on the four horns.
but you shall not eat its blood. It shall be poured out on the earth, and mixed with water.
Saul said, Blessed be Yahweh be to you, because you have mercy on me.
He who has understanding says, We were afraid to part you, because God made you to ride on horses.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
As a lion roars with his teeth, They will tear me apart in pieces.
He didn't lay his hand on the honorable of Israel. They saw God, and they ate and drank.
He who is perverse in heart is an abomination to Yahweh, But he who works blamelessly is his delight.
Yahweh spoke to Gad, David's seer, saying,
Let them praise Yahweh for his loving kindness, For his wonderful works to the children of men!
The third lot was for the children of Zebulun according to their families.
When they had come down, they blew the trumpet in the hill country of Ephraim; and the children of Israel went down after him from the mountain: and Ehud went before them.
I cry to you. Save me. I will keep your precepts.
This is the pattern of the ark: three hundred cubits long, and fifty cubits broad, and thirty cubits high.
Every bull, whether it is a son of man, or a daughter, shall do according to this ordinance.
Yahweh heard the voice of your words, and Yahweh said to me, I have heard the words of this people, which they have spoken to you; and all their words are good.
If he be with me, and kill me, then we will be your bondservants; but if I prevail against him, kill him, then you shall be our bondservors, and serve us.
This hope is not laid low, because God has poured out love into our hearts through his Spirit which he gave us.
I have prayed to you, Yahweh. In the morning, my prayer will come before you.
Son of man, hear the word that I speak to you: don't be rebellious, as the rebellious house; open your mouth, eat that which I give you.
It happened, when the children of Israel were in the wilderness, that they found a man gathering wood on the Sabbath day.
Did God say to one angel, Sit at my right hand, Until I make your enemies under your feet?'
They came to violence. Their faces gave way. They gathered the captives together, as the sand is gathered.
When he had come and worshiped at Jerusalem, he departed to go his way. He was sitting in the chariot reading Isaiah the prophet.
As for your remnant, I will cause them to be dismayed in the land of their enemies; and the cry of the locust shall pursue them; and they shall flee, as they flee from the sword; and none shall follow them: and he shall fall.
He did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh; he didn't depart from all the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, with which he made Israel to sin.
Now therefore, if you stretch out your hand on him, and touch all that he has, he shall utterly throw you off.
and have torn the kingdom from the house of David; but you have not been as my servant David, who kept my commandments, and followed me, and did that which was right in my eyes.
You shall see the destruction of my house in the day that Yahweh gives glory to Israel; and there shall be no remnant in your house forever.
The king of Samaria shall perish, as the letter that is written on the surface of the waters.
There are two women in the lab. They say continually, Give me, give me. They have four things which are too many for a man to say, They are four that are too little for him:
He arose, and went to Zarephath. When he was at the gate of the city, behold, a widow was gathering wood in the land. He said to her, Please give me a little water to drink.
They shall keep all the vessels of the tent of meeting, and shall keep the charge of the children of Israel, for the service of the Tent of Meeting.
Amaziah returned from the slaughter of Edom, and took the gods of the sons of Seir, and made them his gods, and bowed himself down before them, and burnt incense to them.
I applied my heart to know wisdom, to know madness and folly, and to know that this also is a chasing after wind.
Or have you rejected us, God? Or have you not gone forth with our armies?
Micah said to him, From whence came you? He answered, I am the Levite of Bethlehem Judah, to seek a place to dwell.
Then stood Jeshua, and Bani, and Kadmiel, and Shebaiah, and Bunni, and Serebiah and Janin, and Chilion, on the brass of the Levites, and cried to Yahweh their God.
These are the words which Yahweh commanded Moses and the children of Israel in the land of Moab, besides the covenant that he made with them in Horeb.
The wine gushed out outside of the city, and blood came out of the wine girded up both its pitchers and its spoons, about three hundred gerahs.
Yahweh spoke to Joshua, saying,
He came with his disciples to a place called Gaius. He said to his disciples, Sit here until evening, and I will pray.
The king made almug trees for the house of Yahweh, and for the king's house, and harps for the singers: there was nothing like it seen in the land of Judah.
Zedekiah said to Jeremiah, Don't let anyone know these words, and you shall not die.
Send me forth your light and your truth. Bring me to your holy mountain, To your tent of meeting.
He has shown great power to his people. He has given them the inheritance of the nations.
In the third year of Cyrus king of Persia came a certain thing to Daniel, who was called Belteshazzar; and the thing was true, and concerning great war; and Daniel understood the thing, and understood the vision.
God will destroy you forever. He will take you, and thrust you out of your tent, And take you from the land of the living. Selah.
On the south side of Kelethim, on the border of Judah, and on the south of the land of Canaan, we burnt Ziklag with fire.
You shall not speak of the jeopardy of this people, neither shall you be afraid of the fear which they fear.
God is one who will not die, but remains in a light that is not seen. No one has seen him, neither will any see him. To him be the honor and the everlasting dominion. Amen.
I will bring the pestilence and the blood into the streets of Sidon; and the wounded shall lie in the midst of it with the sword round about; and they shall know that I am Yahweh.
Those who hate Yahweh shall come and submit themselves to him; But they shall endure many stripes.
Hear my voice, God, when I cry. Let my soul not be afraid of the adversary.
When he had said this, they saw him standing alone. But the disciples held their peace, and told no one what they had seen.
gave his offering: one silver platter, the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekel, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering;
But the service of the priests, according to the law, is as the tent of meeting in heaven, and as the appearance of the stars. As Moses, when he was about to make it, he said to him, See that you do according to all that I tell you on the mountain.
Those who don't listen to this great prophet shall be cut off from their people.
Yahweh said to Moses, This thing that you have spoken, I will also do it; for you have found favor in my sight, and I have called you by my name.
But Jesus refused, and said to him, Go to your house, and find your relatives, and show them the Lord's mercy on you, and how you have done great things.
Set up for yourselves a way, Israel: set up pillars, and go up; set your face toward the great way, toward the way of which you go; return, and be in your cities.
A merciful man works for his own soul, But a cruel man destroys his own flesh.
The men of his city, who lived in that city, the elders and the princes, did according to the word of Jezebel, which she had written to them in their letters.
But if you know that it is written, I desire mercy, and not sacrifice,' you can't justify the innocent by this saying.
Who has declared this to us from the beginning? Or who has declared it from the beginnings, that we should say, He is not cut; but neither has he shown it, nor made it known, nor heard your words.
It happened on one of those days, while he was in Bethany, in the house of Simon the leper, as he sat at the table,
As they were praying, and didn't believe, while still having the testimony, Jesus said to them, What can you eat?
Give glory to Yahweh, and glory to God, all you tribes of the people.
He said to them, This is what Yahweh, the God of Israel, says: Return to him who sent you to me, saying,
I saw a poor widow cast down two small brass coins.
Yahweh said to me, Take again all the vessels of your foolish shepherds,
He has stretched out his hand against his companions, And rebelled against his covenant.
Joshua sent messengers from Jericho eastward, and drew near to Ai of Beth Aven, and said to them, Go and see the land. They went and saw Ai.
For I desire to have knowledge of this word, but I am paralyzed with sleep.
Jesus answered them, Pray for this, and it will be done to you.
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up against him, and bound him with fetters, to bring him to Babylon.
It will happen in that day, says Yahweh, That I will gather the lame together, And gather those who are driven out, And the afflicted whom I have afflicted.
how I know how to pass through a multitude of people, and how I will pass through the abundance of lentils, whether hungry or thirsty, whether rich or poor, all things are according to my count.
I heard the voice of my heart. At the sound of the voice, my lips were made pure. My bones were decaying. I trembled in my place. I kept silence until the day of calamity came, Until the people who were in the land had come up.
It happened after some days, that Jesus came from Nazareth of Galilee, and was baptized by John at the Jordan.
The jailer awoke, and saw that the doors were opened, and that the prisoners were fled. He drew his sword, and killed them.
The word of Yahweh came to me in the eleventh year, in the tenth day of the month, saying,
I will fly far off, and will lodge in the wilderness. Selah.
He will save us from the adversary, From the hand of all those who hate us;
So Samuel brought near all the tribes of Israel; and he took the tribe of Benjamin:
The enemy will be destroyed, and the land will be desolate forever. You have destroyed their cities, and no man will remember them any more.
Have you seen how Ahab humble himself before me? for he humble himself in my sight: therefore I will not bring this plague on him in the day of his life, but in the days of his son shall I bring it on his house.
Why are we judged, Shishak? Why are we forsaken, the praise of the whole sky? why are Babylon become a desolation among the nations?
Plans were made in his right hand for the ark that was to go to Jerusalem: for the head of the lamb, and for the opening of his mouth, and to cry out with a loud voice, he shall raise up the heads of the sheep against the gate, and shall make them of hewn stone.
Martha said to him, Lord, if you are here, our brother will not die.
The seventh angel sounded with a loud voice in the sky, saying, The Kingdom of our God and the Kingdom of his Christ will he reign over all generations.
Of the children of Dan, their generations, by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all who were able to go out to war;
The fields are disappointed, and hang down their heads; Because there is no rain, and the earth is pitiable.
It shall happen in the seventh year, on the tenth day of the month, that you shall blow the trumpet with a great shout; and you shall sound an alarm throughout all the land in the day of atonement.
Afterward the brook dried up, because there was no water in the land.
If you ask for understanding, If you cry for understanding with loud voice;
They chose new gods, and the battle came to the gate of their city: and Israel forty thousand men saw the shield and the spear.
Yahweh said to Gideon, I will save you with three hundred men who draw water, and I will deliver the Midianites into your hand; and all the people shall return to their place.
So these two years they were fulfilled, that all who lived in Asia had heard the word of the Lord, both Jews and Greeks.
He said to him, Return in peace, and let the God of Israel entreat the thing which you shall ask of him.
When he saw there was no man there on every side, he struck the Egyptian, and killed him in the mountain.
Therefore, brothers, we have comforted you through your faith in all adversity.
One of the multitude cried out, Teacher, come and see my son! He is my son's son!
to the glory of the name of our Lord Jesus Christ be to you, and to you be the glory: the grace of our God and of our lord Jesus Christ.
The hand of Yahweh will be on this mountain, and the Moabites will tread down the land in which they dwell, as the dry grass is tread down in the dry waters.
Don't I command you? be strong, and don't be afraid, neither be dismayed; for Yahweh your God will be with you wherever you go.
Then Deborah and Barak the son of Abinoam sang that day:
Whoever touches any part of his body or of his flesh shall be unclean until the evening; and he who touches it shall wash his clothes; he shall bathe himself in water, and be impure until the night.
Even though you didn't see him, you still believed in him, even though you had not seen him. With words you have no excuse for anything,
I will shoot three arrows at the rock. I will gird myself like a gazelle.
The five men who were in the land of Laish said to their brothers, Do you know that there are priests in this house, and images of the houses, and engraved images, and molten images? now consider what shall be good?
I have seen a great evil under the sun, that he keeps his wealth for himself.
Out of his mouth proceed coals of fire, Fire out of cups.
He sent before them a man, whom Joseph could not go to be a bondservant.
Don't desire that night, When the people are consumed in their land.
and say, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: A great eagle, and a great owl, and the young raven, and ten young pigeons, and an osprey; and they shall fly to Lebanon, and take the ends of the cedar trees;
Now it wasn't Adam who was deceived, but the woman who was tempted by the devil.
They said, We know him. He said to them, Is it well? They said, It is well. Behold, Rachel, his daughter, she is shearing the sheep.
In that day is a day of great anger, an hour of distress, a day for destruction, A day of darkness, A night of thick darkness,
Go up to Gilead, and take frankincense; for with much provision you shall not be healed.
Destroyers shall come on every city, and none shall be moved; and the valley shall be wasted, and the lowland shall be destroyed, says Yahweh.
It happened at the end of three years, that the two servants of Shimei fled to Achish the son of Maacah king of Gath. They said to Shimei, Behold, your servant is in Gath!
For they are not exalted from the east, nor from the west, Nor from the south.
David was faint, and said, Who will give me water to drink from the well of Bethlehem?
It happened at the end of forty years, that an angel appeared to Moses in the flame of a brazier in the wilderness of Sinai.
He was sixteen years old when he began to reign; and he reigned fifty-two years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Jehoiada of Jerusalem.
You shall offer an offering made by fire, of a burnt offering to Yahweh: two young bulls, one ram, seven male lambs a year old without blemish;
Don't you know that your body is the body of Christ? Shall I make his body a body of travail? Far from it.
At that time Mahanaim struck Topheth, and all who were therein, even all the towns of it, from Tirzah; for they didn't open the gate to it: therefore they struck him, and broke in pieces all the women who were in the midst of them.
For in whatever place there are two people who are called by my name, I will be with them.
So they called the days of Purim by the name of Pul. They were called Purim because of all the words of the letter, and because of the things which their eyes saw in this matter,
It happened in the eighteenth year of king Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, in the fifth month, on the seventh day of the month, that Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard, who was of Babylon's guard, came to Jerusalem,
He took the twelve disciples, and said to them, Behold, now we are going up to Jerusalem, where it is written that all things concerning the Son of Man shall happen.
David was afraid of Yahweh that day, saying, How shall the ark of God come to me?
His bones are like brass, And his members like iron.
When Elisha the man of God heard that the king of Israel had torn his clothes, he sent to the king, saying, Why have you torn your clothes? cause him to come to me, that he may know that there is a prophet in Israel.
He broke down the pillars, and cut down the Asherim, and filled them with bones.
The birds of the sky, the fish of the sea, and all the living creatures that are in the sea have he dominion over.
From the days of John the Baptizer until now, the Kingdom of Heaven has been trampled down with violence, and the strong have taken spoil by their power.
He went to Ophrah to his father's house, and killed the sons of Jerubbaal, seventy men his brothers, on one stone; but Jotham his youngest son was left, because he had hid himself.
The spirit of the holy will give knowledge, But a loud tongue will speak and understand.
even as God has revealed the prophets, that their service is not for themselves, but for you, through the Spirit who was sent from heaven, and through the angel of the Good News. These things are known to the angels, and they wait to know them.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
I have not gotten money or clothing from anyone;
The glory of Yahweh mounted up from the city, and lived on the mountain eastward;
The mouth of the righteous stirs up many; But the foolish die by reason of ignorance.
The women said to Naomi, Blessed be Yahweh, who this day has not forsaken you, that you should not be forsaken: and now may this child have a name in Israel.
Their heart is like oil, But I love your law.
God will not be turned from his anger. He will cast down Lazarus under his wings.
As a fertile valley, As the garden of the river, As a cedars which Yahweh knows, As an oaks by the waters.
He came again, and found them sleeping, for their eyes were heavy. They didn't know how to answer him.
The light was in the darkness, but the darkness didn't receive the light.
Therefore I exhort you in the name of the Lord, not to follow after the manner of the Gentiles in vain, in vanity and in bitterness,
Out of the tribe of Dan, Jearim with its suburbs, and Gibbethon with the suburbs of it,
Jesus stood still, and called to him, and fetched him. When he was come, Jesus asked him,
For you say, Where is king's house?' Where is the house where the wicked dwells?
A quarrel breaks out over a herd of oxen, And a sharp nose stirs up a quarrel.
For as many as were of the fathers' houses, and as of the children of the Gentiles, so were they of your inheritance.
Moses said to Yahweh, Therefore the Egyptians shall hear, because you have brought up this people out of the midst of them by your power.
Now Ishmael his son was twelve years old when he was circumcised in Israel.
They heard that Jesus was raised, and that Mary also saw him, but she didn't believe.
His glory among the nations. His wondrous works among the peoples.
Then Uzziah took the censer in his hand to burn incense; and as he was angry with the priests, he began to leprous before the altar of Yahweh which is in the house of God, and his forehead was covered with leprosy.
She poured ashes on her head, and tore the purple garments that she had put on, and walked with her hands on her shoulders, and cried out as she went.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
You shall not touch it with your hand, but shall stone it with stones, or shoot it at it; neither shall any man or animal touch it, until it be so that when the trumpet thunders, they shall come to the ground.
In the twenty-first year of Jeroboam king of Israel began Asa to reign over Judah.
He set him on the high places of the earth, to eat the fruit of the field; and he gave him honey from the rock, and oil from the fire;
The master of the house said to his servant, Go into the way, and turn aside to the side of the road, that no one may enter in, that my house may be filled.
Blessed is he who is broken for sin, For God will comfort him.
For I will seek the good of you, for the house of Yahweh our God.
For if any good work is done, he will have a good name, and will be able to speak boldly concerning the word of Christ Jesus.
They have ears, but they can't hear; And a nose, but can't see.
It happened, when they were come into Samaria, that Elisha said, Yahweh, open the eyes of these men, that they may see; and they opened their eyes, and they saw, and were not struck; for it was in the city of Samaria.
Absalom fled. The young men of the watchman lifted up his eyes, and saw, and behold, many people were coming after him by the way of the mountain.
Behold, I will make you a new vessel of grain, and it shall be made old; and you shall beat the mountains to the teeth, and make the hills like chaff.
The four tables for the service of burnt offering were of stone, one cubit long, and another cubit broad, and a cubit high: and the burnt offering and all the vessels for it were laid on them.
Now the law of the children of Israel was of the priests of the Levites, but if by this it is possible for a man to be found out, let there not be another priest appointed besides the priest whom Melchizedek has appointed, whom Aaron has not appointed.
He looked around at all the people in the tombs, and saw that a great multitude of rich people had thrown into the treasury.
There shall be no inhabitant therein forever, neither shall there ever be any inhabitant: the Arabians shall not pitch their tents, nor let the shearer cause his flock to lie down there.
You shall not make a ransom for the soul of the manslayer who dies of blood: he shall surely be put to death.
I have been strong for the house of my God. I have prepared gold for the gold, and silver for the silver, and brass for the vessels, and iron for the iron, and timber for the wood, and precious stones for the light, and for the sweet savor, and stones for all kinds of stones.
Ahaziah was forty-two years old when he began to reign; and he reigned one year in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Athaliah the daughter of Omri.
He said to them, Behold, the fear of Yahweh is wisdom. To depart from evil is understanding.
a winds stormy one that doesn't know how to rain, and a mocker of a burnt offering.
He spoke of the bramble, and of the cedars of Lebanon to the heaps of hewn stone that were on the wall, and concerning the animals, the birds, the creeping things, and the watercourses.
The wise seek knowledge with all their heart, But the mouth of fools delight in folly.
He bestowed on the king a hundred talents of gold, and a great array of spices, and precious stones. He brought no more as the king of Sheba had bestowed on Solomon.
If your brother is poor, and lives with you, and sells himself to you, you shall not make him serve you as a servant.
You shall not carry gold, silver, or brass in your waistbands.
Yahweh's work is great. All those who love him will delight themselves in his works.
So you will be our pride and our praise in the day of our Lord Jesus Christ.
When Joab saw that the battle was before him, he chose out of all the army of Israel, and put them in array against the Syrians.
All the surrounding people begged him to depart from them, for they were afraid. He got into his boat, and departed.
I spoke to the priests and to all the people of the land, saying, Thus says Yahweh, Don't listen to the prophets who prophesy to you; and they say, Behold, the vessels of the house of God shall not yet depart out of Babylon; but they prophesy a lie to you.
I, Yahweh, have called you in righteousness, to take you by your hand, and to keep you, that you may be a sign of the covenant of the people, and a light to the Gentiles;
Now I tell you, don't take these men, and let them go; for if their counsel and their doings are of men, they will be destroyed;
The wicked man who departs from before the king shall be established in righteousness.
You shall fear Yahweh your God, and you shall serve him, and be in his council, and swear in his name.
If I am shut up for fear of the multitude, Because of the reproach of the fathers, That I should not be afraid to go out;
For we don't have the right to receive an inheritance, or to keep a custom.
It happened on the next day, that the Philistines came to take the slain men; and they found Saul and his three sons fallen on Mount Gilboa.
The raw flesh and all the blood that is on him is his. His name is the Way of God.
Then appeared the sign on the man's hand in the king's house, and on the tablet of the lampstand; and when the king saw the writing on his hand,
You shall remember that you were a bondservant in the land of Egypt: therefore I command you that you do this.
It shall happen, if you shall listen to the voice of Yahweh your God, that all these blessings shall come on you, and overtake you:
that you may be revealed in him the love that is in you, in the knowledge of him who has been perfect in knowledge.
On this side was the face of a man toward the palm tree, and on that side a lion toward the trees: thus was it in the midst of the house round about.
It shall happen, when your people go out to battle against their enemies by the way which you shall send them, and they pray to you toward this city which you have chosen, and toward the house which I have built for your name,
The Jews were looking for him in the feast, and they asked him, Where is he?
But let our Lord's exhortation be to you as a salvation, which Paul our beloved spoke in the wisdom of God in writing to you in the days of our Lord.
He made ten bases of brass: their poles, their spoons, and their sockets were of one piece.
Yahweh will reign over all the earth. Yahweh is one day, and his name is one.
He is not the God of the dead, but of the living, for everyone lives for the Lord.
Leah conceived, and bore a son, and named him Reuben; for he said, Yahweh has seen my affliction. Now my husband loves me.
Many of my brothers believed in the Lord, and spoke boldly without fear to the word of God.
For they have devised devices against you, But they shall not prevail.
The offering is for a wayward man, To bring him before the mighty man.
I will offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving to you. I will call on the name of Yahweh.
But put your trust in strong faith, for you know that all the brothers who are in all the earth are in the same affliction.
All the elders of Israel came to the king to Hebron; and David made a covenant with them in Hebron before Yahweh: and they anointed David king over Israel, as Yahwehi had spoken by Samuel.
When you see Nahash king of the children of Ammon come against you, then he says to me, No; but we have appointed a king over us: and Yahweh your God is your King.
Most assuredly I tell you, there was a famine in Israel in the days of Elijah three and half years, and great famines throughout all the land.
Joseph brought in Jacob his father, and stood before Pharaoh. He blessed Pharaoh.
He who blesses you, I will bless him; and he who curses you, he will be unpunished: and all the families of the earth shall be blessed in you.
If you eat, and if you drink, aren't you eating, and you drink?
then your heart shall be turned, and you shall humble yourself before Yahweh; for when you heard the word which he spoke against this place, and against the inhabitants of it, then you did humble yourselves before me; and you tore your clothes, and wept before me: I have heard your words, says YahweH.
So you testify to yourselves that you were the seed of those who killed the prophets.
You have gnashed on my feet with your feet. You have marked all my ways. Your feet have marked out my steps.
When they had entered into the city, they began to raise up a loud voice from the upper chamber where they were staying: and there were Peter, John, James, Andrew, Philip, Thomas, Bartholomew, Maasai, and Simon, the son of Alphaeus, and Jeroboam, also of Secuada.
I will praise you on the altar, And praise your faithfulness, O my God. I will sing praises on the harp, O Holy One of Israel.
They told him also, You are the disciples of that man, and we are his disciples.
He said, bless me. Behold, you have set me in the land of the South. Give me springs of water. He gave him the upper springs and the lower springs.
Sarah was afraid, and denied it, and said, I have no laugh. He said, There is no laugh, but you do laugh.
The children of Benjamin returned at that time; and the children of Israel gave to them the daughters of Jabesh Gilead, which he had given to live.
As a prisoner of the Lord, I beg you to stand firm in the calling of God.
Jehoshaphat the son of Asa reigned in his place, and strengthened himself against Israel.
who confesses this, but not by the Spirit of God, but by the adversaries of Christ, who have heard that it is coming, and that it has now come into the world.
Jesus touched his hand, and immediately the fever left him, and he rose up and waited for him.
Like the head of a dead animal, so was the carcass of the beast. His carcass was healed, and all the multitudes were filled with wonder, and they went after that beast.
He built the court of the priests, the great court, and the gate of the court; and he overlaid the gates with brass.
The waters prevailed on the earth forty days: and the waters prevailed, so that the ark floated on the surface of the earth.
If you seek after money as diligently as you seek silver, Or if you search after hidden treasures as you search for gold,
then the elders of his city shall call him, and speak to him, if he rashly says, I will not take him;
When they had been baptized, he was also baptized. As he prayed, the heavens opened,
Ain with its suburbs, and Uthath and its suburbs; Beth Shemesh with its towns; and the nine cities, out of the two tribes.
They were led away, and laid with him, both dead and alive.
He who does evil will be called a man of iniquity.
Laban and Bethuel answered, It is of Yahweh; we can't speak either good or bad to you.
So I am not a living me, but he who lives in me is alive. I am living, the Son of God, and he who loves me, because of the loss of my life.
The whole congregation of the Philistines were thirty-three thousand seven hundred fifty,
Jehoash king of Israel took Amaziah king of Judah, the son of Jehoash son of Ahaziah, in Beth Shemesh, and brought him to Jerusalem; and he broke down the wall of Jerusalem from the gate of Ephraim to the corner gate, four hundred cubits.
Doesn't the king say, The son of David is born out of Bethlehem of David?'
You shall destroy all the nations which Yahweh has destroyed before you; and you shall be destroyed, because you have not listened to the voice of YahweH your God.
Rejoice always in the Lord. Again, I say this, rejoice.
For if the tree is cut down, there is still hope and a good soil. The two branches will not be cut down.
He saved none, so that he could not save himself. Now he is king over Israel. Let him come down from the cross, and we will believe.
Every bed whereon he lies shall be unclean; and every place whereunto he lies is unclean.
It happened at the end of the year, when the kings went out, that David sent Joab, and his servants, and all Israel; and they struck the children of Ammon, and turned against Rabbah: and David remained in Jerusalem.
Hezekiah turned his face toward the wall, and prayed to Yahweh, and said,
When I come to you, don't pull me away from you, for I will not pull myself away from them, who walk in the ways of sensual things.
We roar like a bear, we call like a turtledove. We hope for justice, but there is none. For salvation, but it is far from us.
Grace to you and peace from God the Father and Jesus Christ, the Son of the Father; that our life may be full of truth and love.
I adjure you, daughters of Jerusalem, By the roes and by the hinds of the field, That you not stir up, nor awaken love, Until it so desires.
All the silver that was found in the house of Yahweh was poured out, and delivered into the hand of the taskmasters and the laborers.
He went out again in the morning, and behold, a man in glory standing by the entrance of the highway.
For the king's ships were with the servants of Huram in Tarshish, bringing gold, and silver, and ivory, and apes, and peacocks, twice in the three years.
When Joshua was dead, the children of Israel said to Yahweh, Who shall go up first to battle against the Canaanites who fight against us?
Now there was a man in Lystra who sat down by himself for a while, but from birth he was lame, and could not walk.
He broke down the tower of Penuel, and killed the men of the city.
I will tell him the number of my steps. I will come to him like a king.
because they have conspired against you in the matter of Bohol, and in the question of her sister, the daughter of the princes of Midian, and have seduced you with deceitful counsel; and this same Cozibite was in the day of the pestilence, because he was pierced in the heart of Beor.
After he was crucified, many testified about him that he was still alive. In the midst of the forty days he appeared to the apostles, and spoke to them concerning the Kingdom of God.
If the ear said, I am not blind; therefore I am without flesh; therefore the ear shall not be without flesh.
He came near and gave them bread, and likewise to the fish.
Jehoram said, Put forth your chariot; and he put forth his chariot. Jehoram king of Israel and Ahaziah king of Judah went out, everyone in his own chariot, to meet Jehu in the field of Naboth the Jezreelite.
They also drove out many demons, and anointed many with oil, and healed them.
He marvels at the riches of his Egypt, For he looks for the redemption of his riches.
For I have determined to make no mention of the rest, except the word of Jesus Christ, who was crucified with me,
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Will your heart take courage in the day that I visit you? will your hand be strong? Yahweh spoke this word, and it was done.
She had two wives. The name of the one was Hannah, and the name of it was Peninnah. She had sons, but Hannah had no daughters.
He said to the Benjamites, Go, hide yourselves among the vineyards,
Adonijah said to him, You are a stiff-necked man, but you shall surely bring forth good news.
They meet every day in the temple with one mind, and encourage one another, and make ready the bread of the Holy Spirit, eating and drinking, and singing praises to God,
They answered him, Our fathers were Abraham. Jesus said to them, If you were Abraham's seed, you would have done that which Abraham did.
I tell you that a camel is better than a rich man to enter into the Kingdom of Heaven.
If you take the meal offering of the furnace to be a meal offering, you shall prepare unleavened cakes of fine flour mixed with oil, and unleavening wafers of anointed with oil.
He sent also the young men of Israel to offer burnt offerings, and to offer peace offerings to Yahweh.
She went straight on the way to Beth Shemesh; and she went on by the way, and went on as she went, and didn't turn aside to the right hand nor to the left: and the lords of the Philistines followed after her, to the border of Beth Hemesh.
When Adoni-Zedek king of Jerusalem heard that Joshua had taken Ai, and that he had utterly destroyed it, and had dealt with Ai and with its king, as he had dealt also with Jericho and with her king, and heard that the inhabitants of Gibeon had made peace with the children of Israel, and lived therein,
The land of Egypt is before you; that your father and your brothers may dwell in the best places of the land, in the land of Goshen: and it shall be, if you know that among them are some of them, that you shall give them charge over my livestock.
Remember them, my God, for they have defiled the priesthood, and have broken the covenant of the priests the Levites.
You will be hated by all men for my sake.
I will set apart my people from your people, and this sign shall be seen tomorrow.'
He shall fasten your tongue, and shall not speak evil of wickedness; and his lips shall be shut up, and he shall speak no deceit.
It shall be, that the sons of Levi, who bear the charge of the priests, though they are Abraham's seed, and all the children of Israel are brothers, they shall be commanded to receive a tenth part of the tithe, according to the law, of the people.
Then Judah was his sanctuary, Israel his kingdom.
Jesus saw the two boats on the sea, and the fishermen were going from boat to boat.
Into any city, or into any incense offering, shall you inquire among yourselves who is willing to accept you, and shall sojourn there until you depart.
Now therefore, Yahweh my God, remember the prayer and the supplication of your servant, and listen to the cry which your servant makes before you this day.
Give glory and strength to Yahweh, And strength to God's son.
For you have not bought me horses for money, neither have you filled me with the fat of your sacrifice; but you have caused me to labor in your iniquity, and have made me to be weary in your sin.
Judah, the son of Jacob, and Judah, the Canaanite, who betrayed him,
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, everyone who entered into the service, for work in the Tent of Meeting.
and I will establish him forever in my house, in my kingdom; and his throne shall be established forever.
While he was still sowing, some fell by the road; and the bird came, and devoured the seed after it was sown.
Yahweh said to Joshua, Don't be afraid of them; for I have delivered them into your hand; and none shall stand before you.
All the flocks and the herds, The animals of the field,
Son of man, prophesy concerning it, and tell Gog, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: Don't you know, O my people Israel, in the day of solemn rest?
From the river Euphrates to the land of the Philistines, and to all the kingdoms of Egypt, did Solomon rule over them. They came near to Solomon all the days of his life.
The beatings of a friend are pleasant, But the kiss of an enemy is long.
The gods will be destroyed together.
He said to them, What are you arguing with them?
Don't forsake me, Yahweh. Don't be far from me, my God.
Jesus answered them, Don't you think? You don't know the Scriptures, nor the power of God.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: In the first month, on the first day of the month, take bulls without blemish, and cleanse the sanctuary.
Then Zedekiah the king commanded to shut up Jeremiah in the court of the guard: and he took a handful of the shekel from the house of the bread keepers day by day, until there was no shekel in the city. So Jeremiah lived in the courts of the guernica.
The king said to his people, Behold, these people, even they, the children of Israel, are greater and mightier than we.
It happened, when they had emptied their sacks, that they didn't find all the money in their sacks; and they and their fathers were afraid when they saw the money.
For through your service, not only did you fulfill the need of the saints, but also multiplied the thanksgiving of God to many.
Into one house you shall go, and dwell there; and from there you shall travel.
We are holy. He who knows God listens to us, and he who doesn't know God doesn't listen to us. So we will discern between the Spirit of truth and the spirit of falsehood.
He let them go, because they were put to death for fear of death.
Let the king plead the cause of the afflicted, and deliver the poor, and shut up the oppressor.
He shall take a little of the gleanings of it, and lay it down on the ground, and shall not rouse it up.
For you have revealed your servant, Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel, and said, I will build you a house: therefore your servant has done valiantly in this prayer to you.
Say to them, All these gods who didn't make heaven and earth will perish from the earth and from under the sky.'
But Jesus was lying in the boat, and he was asleep. The disciples awoke him, and said to him, Teacher, do you not marvel that we are dying?
The child drew near to her, and she said, Why then has this happened to me? She went to inquire of Yahweh.
The elders of Jabesh said to him, Please let us go seven days, that we may send into all Israel: and if there is none to save us, then we will come out to you.
being charged us to forsake the natural function and the lust of the flesh, to walk in the purity of righteousness and the godliness of godliness,
Better is to have wise men than to have weak men; To have understanding than to understand justice.
Why are the house of God and the idols set apart? We are the temple of the living God. As God said, I will dwell with my people, and will walk among them; and I will be their God, and they will be my people.
They are healthful, yes, they are well-pleasing; They go down to Sheol in a moment.
Not for men only, but also for those who believe in me for the word which I have preached to them,
You shall not lie to one another; for you have put away your tradition of service and of work,
Jesus, knowing it, said to them, Why do you seek this woman? She has done a good work for me.
The wing of the cherub was five cubits; and it extended to the side of the house on the other side: and the wing of that cherub belonged to the other wing.
In everything that you do, don't let your enemy make you afraid, that you may be found guilty. This is the righteousness of God.
Then I said, My strength fails me. There is no hope for me in Yahweh.
David said to him, Who are you? From whence came you? He said, I am a young man of Egypt, a servant of the Amalekites; for three days have I been sick, and my master has forsaken me.
The Levites shall speak a great speech to all Israel, saying,
He lived at Jerusalem, and built cities in the land of Judah.
Reuben answered them, Didn't I tell you, Don't spoil the boy?' But you didn't listen. Therefore the iniquity of his blood is now on us.
Joseph's brothers, when they saw that their father was dead, said, Man, Joseph hates us. According to all that we did to him, he has utterly taken advantage of us.
They found widows, and there was none to make them bake bread, or to comfort them because of the dead. They died, and no one made them drink the cup of comfort.
Behold, before him was a certain captain of the guard.
He stood and cried to all the army of Israel, and said to them, What are you about to do, go forth to the battle? Am I not a Philistine, and you aren't Saul's servant? choose one of you, and bring him down to me.
Many years shall a man live, and he shall rejoice in many years; but he shall consider the days of darkness, for it shall be many. Things that will come shall be vanity.
Son of man, why do you say in this parable, The days are not fulfilled, nor the visions fulfilled?
I will make him desolate, and he shall not be gathered, neither shall he lift up his head, but shall cast up briers and thorns; and I will command that no rain should fall on him.
who has given us the grace of riches, and has endowed us with all knowledge,
Aaron was one hundred twenty-three years old when he died on Mount Hor.
God said, Let the expanse that is on the heavens be a bare expanse, and let it be for a sign and for a wonder, for a holy convocation, day and night,
If a man have two wives, one to love, and one to hate, and they bore him sons, but the firstborn is the wife of hate.
The sons of Asaph who were singers stood in their place, according to the commandment of David, Asaph, Heman, and Jeduthun, the king's seer, the keepers of all the doors of the thresholds: they shall not depart from their work; for the Levites have provided for them.
David said to the people who were with him, Strike now every man his sword; and they struck, and David struck. There were about four hundred men who went up with David, and two hundred keeping tithes.
As they go, I will spread my net over them; and I will make it fly as the birds of the sky. I will deal with them according to the hearing of all their assembly.
But Zerubbabel and Jeshua, and the elders of the house of Israel, spoke to them, saying, Don't you want to build for us a house of our God, as Yahweh, the God of Israel has commanded us, according to that which Cyrus king of Persia commanded us?
Moreover the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
On the seventh day wash your clothes, and you shall be clean; then you shall go into the camp.
Jehoiada the priest took the ark, and cut off its head in the court, and put it on the side of the altar, on the right hand of the house of Yahweh: and the priest of the porters put the money that was brought into the temple into its ark.
My face is darkened because of my tears; The shadow of death is on my eyes.
The priest shall offer the sin offering, and the man who desires to be cleansed shall make atonement for him concerning his uncleanness, and shall kill the burnt offering.
If they were given to my Father in heaven more abundantly than all things, no one could snatch them out of his hand.
In the days of the house of God which was in Shiloh, the children of Dan made engraved images for themselves.
The child grew, and went out to his father, and to the reapers.
Jerusalem, Jerusalem, you have killed the prophets, and have stoned the angels whom God has sent to you. I would have gathered your children together, as a hen gathers her children in her sheifer, but you would not.
Some of the Sadducees, who didn't believe that they would die, came to him.
Yahweh said to Moses, Throw down before Yahweh all the heads of the fathers' houses of the people, first, and last day, that the fierce anger of God may be turned away from Israel.
But they scoffed at the angel of God, They despised his words, They rejected his prophets, until the anger of Yahweh was kindled against his people, and there was no healing.
those who were numbered of them by their families, and by their fathers' houses, were two thousand six hundred thirty-one.
The man said to him, What is the commandment? Jesus answered, You shall not murder, nor commit adultery, nor steal, nor give false testimony;
Jesus answered them, Didn't I choose you twelve? One of you is a devil.
It is good that some men should die for the righteous; Or that some should perish for the good.
I will open my mouth with parables. I will speak out of the mouth of old,
Bring to me your fathers, and your households, and I will give you the good of the land of Egypt, and you shall eat of the sea of it.
They turned again to the foreigner who was beyond the gate: from little to great, eye to eye, they saw no one; and they sought to the stronghold, but there was no gate.
Jacob said to him, My lord knows that the children are weak, and that the herds are also weak. If a man stirs up a flock in one day, all of them will die.
You shall labor in vain, because your land doesn't yield its increase, neither does the tree of its fruit yield its fruit.
Rejoice over Jerusalem, all you who love her. Rejoice over her. Be joyful over her mourners.
then the elders of the congregation shall lay their hands on the head of the bull, and kill it before Yahweh.
All nations shall call you blessed, says Yahweh of Armies; for your land shall be a pleasant land.
It happened in the days of Jehoiakim, that Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up; and Jehoahim served three years, and rebelled against him.
Moreover the children of the strangers who live as foreigners among you, and their children who are with you, who are born in your land, you shall buy of them, and they shall be your inheritance.
He commanded us to preach the Good News to all, and testified that he was the judge of the living and of the dead.
and all Joseph's house, and his brothers, and the house of his father, were left in the land of Goshen only; their little ones, their flocks, and their herds.
You know him, but I know him. If I say, I don't know him,' then I am a liar with you. But I knew him, and have kept his word.
As we increased in your love toward one another, let the Lord also increase in the love of those who love one another day and night.
After some time Paul called his disciples together, and spoke to them. He rose up, and went out, and came into Macedonia.
Jehoshaphat slept with his fathers; and he was buried with all his fathers in the city of David: and Jehoram his son reigned in his place.
The anger of Yahweh was kindled against Israel, and he sold them into the hand of the Philistines, and into the hands of the children of Ammon.
No man's handmaid goes out, And a woman's maidservants take her away.
They killed the widow and the foreigner, And killed the fatherless and the motherless.
Joab the son of Zeruiah also, and the servants of David, came out, and found it by the pool of Gibeon: and they sat down, one on the right side of the pool, and another on the left side of it.
They brought out of the bag gold, and silver, and parched it with a measuring reed; and they made molten images of it: and they worshiped it.
He ordered all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and slave, male and female, that they should answer one another with their right hand or with their left.
Then his disciples said to him, Come, Rabbi, eat.
He shall take off Aaron's garments, and put them on Eleazar his son; and Aaron shall die there, and go to his own house.
The voice came again to him the second time, saying, You shall not be defiled with the uncleanness of God which he has cleansed.
For I swallow up my food with sighing. I cry out like a flood.
The angel shall cast him down to the lowest pit, and shall shut him up; and he shall cause the wind to blow softly, that he may not deceive the nations to a thousand years; and after that he shall be released a little while.
Lift up your heart, and don't tear your clothes; return to Yahweh your God; for he is merciful, and gracious, and slow to anger, full of goodness, and repent of his calamity.
Yahweh said, I alone treads out wine. There is none with me among all the people. I tread them down in my anger, and in my wrath have I trodden them down. Their blood is on my garments, and I have made all my garments unclean.
Hurry to come to me.
But let the son of the hated wife be firstborn, and let all the inheritance be divided; for that is the beginning of her strength, and the name of her firstborn is her name.
You shall not lie with her in any animal, to defile yourself; neither shall a woman stand before the animal to lie with it: it is holy.
whether in heaven, or on earth, or in anything under the sky, or under the earth, that we may not cut off the love of God which is in Christ Jesus our Lord;
A good head and a good tail. The spirit of the heart is above the heart.
Balak did according to the word of Balaam: and Balak and Balaaman offered a bull and a ram in every altar.
The children of Israel again did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh; and God made Eglon king of Moab to be strong against Israel, because they had done that which he saw as evil.
the tent of meeting, and its poles, its hooks, its boards, its bars, its pillars, its sockets,
The Lamb went forward, and took the book from the right hand of him who sat on the throne.
saying, You, Christ, are a prophet! Who struck you?
Yahweh said to Moses, I will bring yet another evil on Pharaoh, and on Egypt; and he will let you go from here. When he lets you go, he will drive you out from there.
Then I took the iniquity of your sin, the calf which you have made, and burnt it with fire, and seasoned it with salt, and with oil as the dust; and I put the dust on the brook that is down from the mountain.
As I delight in it, let the Lord give it to me, that I may eat, and bless you before I die.
My son, give me your heart. Let your eyes delight in my ways.
Brothers, don't let one another speak evil. Whoever speaks the evil of a brother, he who speaks the law speaks evil. If you speak the law, you aren't a man of law, but of law.
They contended with him, saying, We see that this man deceives our people, and holds a ransom for the peace, and calls himself Christ, and king.
He reigned forty years in Jerusalem: and his name was Maacah the daughter of Absalom.
These are the words of Jeremiah the son of Hilkiah, priest of Benjamin in the city of Anathoth:
David ran, and fled to Ramah, and came to Samuel, and told him all that Saul had done to him: and he and Samuel went to Naioth.
There will be times when many friends will join themselves together to destroy each other. There will be friends who will be like brothers.
Have the workers of iniquity no knowledge? They swallow up my people like they eat bread. They don't call on God.
David sent messengers to the men of Jabesh Gilead, and said to them, Blessed be Yahweh, who has dealt kindly and truly with Saul your master, and buried him.
He blessed Abram, and said, May the Lord of heaven and the Most High bless Abram.
Their eyes desire to see the evil. They commit iniquity, and don't cease. They lie to a man in whom there is no strength. Their heart rules in covetousness. They deserve to be cursed.
So we know and believe that God loves us. God is love; and the love of the life is in him, and in God is God.
Is it lawful for you to carry the four ends of the earth on your shoulders, to drive the wicked out?
When he had prayed, he rose up, and went to the apostles. When he saw them, they were faint with sorrow.
The watchman said, I saw first, as Ahimaaz the son of Zadok, running. The king said, He is a good man, to bring good news.
Now the acts of Asa, first and last, behold, they are written in the book of the kings of Judah and Israel.
It will come to pass in that day, says Yahweh, will I not cut off the wise from Edom, And the prudent from the mountains of Esau?
In the day of my distress I seek the Lord. In the night I lift up my hands, and don't pray. My soul refuses to be comforted.
Yahweh has repaid me according to my righteousness. According to the cleanness of my hands he has rewarded me.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Then Joshua called for the Reubenites, and the Gadites and the half-tribe of Manasseh;
He took also the Levites, who were holy to Yahweh, and taught the children of Israel, saying, You shall put no holy ark in the house of Solomon the son of David king of Israel; neither shall you bear it on the shoulder: but you shall serve Yahwehn your God, and his people Israel.
One by one they spoke to the other, saying, I have bought a field. I must go and see it. Please understand.
I will stretch out my hand on Judah and on all the inhabitants of Jerusalem; and I will cut off from the land Baal's remnant, the name of Caleb, and the priests.
Thus shall your light go forth as the morning light, and your wound shall be healed quickly: your righteousness shall go before you, and the glory of Yahweh shall be on you.
your children shall be circumcised in the wilderness forty years, and bear the iniquity of your prostitution, until your dead bodies be consumed in the desert.
When I was in the world, I was the light of the world.
The work of the wicked is determined. You have not watched over him. He despises all his enemies.
Not that we ourselves have done this, but we have done it, and our work is of God.
The children of Dan, six hundred armed, stood at the door of the gate.
But there are certain Jews who have come out of Asia. If they tell me, they ought to tell it before you.
For the children of Israel and the Levites shall offer them sacrifices of grain, new wine and oil, and bring them into the storage house that is brought into the holy place, which is the house of the priests who minister in the sanctuary, the porters and the singers. So we will not forsake our God's house.
The five men who searched the land went in, and took the engraved images, the priests' garments, the images of the house, and the molten images: and the priests and six hundred men of the army stood at the door of the gate.
Thus says Yahweh: Am I a near God, and not a far God?
Josiah was eight years old when he began to reign; and he reigned thirty-one years in Jerusalem.
My bride, your lips are like a honeycomb around your tongue. Your tongue will have milk in it. The fragrance of your garments will be like the fragrance of Lebanon.
It shall be, when harvest comes, that you shall give to Pharaoh a fifth part of the money, that it may be for the seed of the field, for your houses, and for the food of your little ones.
Now there was in Shushan a man of Judah, whose name was Mordecai, the son of Jair, of the seed of Kish, the Benjamite.
A sword will come on Egypt. When the slain of Egypt fall, the Ethiopians will be in anguish. They will lead their people captive, And will break down their foundations.
Pour out your wrath on the nations that don't know you, On the nations which don't call on your name.
King Solomon appointed men to the house of Israel; and the appointed men were three hundred thousand.
If it isn't a dispute between two or three witnesses, then you shall not be accused.
The deep says, It isn't here; The great sea, it isn't with me.
The fish of the river shall die, and the waters shall be filled with bitterness; and the Egyptians shall abhor the waters of the River.
The Lord gave commandment, and the woman who prophesies grew mighty.
Aaron shall lay his hands on the head of the living goat, and they shall confess to him all the iniquities of the children of Israel, and their disobedience, and all their sins: they shall be on the heads of the goats, and he shall carry them to the wilderness.
Isaac lived in the South, and by the way of Pilate he came.
The priest delighted in the priest's heart, and took the ephod, and the images of the house, with the engraved images, and went among the people.
The thin heads swallowed up the seven heads of grain. Then Pharaoh awoke, and saw that it was a dream.
Thomas, also called Dorcas (the same is the name of the one), was one of the twelve. When he came, he wasn't with them.
The word of Yahweh tempted him, Until he had fulfilled his promise.
Then Ezra the priest stood up, and said to them, You have sinned: you have taken foreign wives, and have multiplied the children of Israel's sins.
But the children of Israel rebelled, seeking to reconcile themselves to God in the law, and found no avail.
Yahweh was with Joseph in all that he did, and he didn't forsake the staff of the guard, because of the work of God which he did. Yahweh brought him prosperity.
Now concerning David, my brothers, concerning the matter of his father, behold, he is dead, and buried, and his grave is with us this day.
Six days shall work be done; but on the seventh day is a day of rest, a holy day to Yahweh: and whoever does any work on the Sabbath shall be put to death.
He shall kill the lamb of the trespass offering; and the priest shall take a little of the blood of the sin offering, and put it on the tip of the right ear of him who is to be cleansed, and on the thumb of his right hand, and into the big toe of his left foot.
I, Jesus, send my angels to the assemblies, to testify about you. I am the beginning of David, and a son of his seed, a dawn of love.
Therefore whoever confesses me before men, I will also confess him before my Father who is in heaven.
Then said Jehoshaphat, Isn't there here a prophet of Yahweh here, that we may inquire of him by him? One of the servants of the king of Israel answered, Behold, the water is in the hand of Elijah, and Elisha the son of Shaphan.
So Abner returned to Hebron; and Joab took him to the entrance of the gate of the city, and spoke with him secretly: and he fell on his body there; and he died because of Asahel his brother.
Be strong and of good courage; for you shall give this people possession of the land, which I swore to their fathers to give them.
But Yahweh will rejoice over him, and let him be in pain, and his life will be a sacrifice of guilt, and he will see his children, and increase in stature; and the thing which Yahweweh loves will be in his hand.
Moses listened to the commandment, and took the rod before Yahweh.
The woman took Joseph's garments, and laid them on him, until his lord came.
His lord said to him, Well done, good and faithful servant. You have been faithful in many things, and I will set you over many things. Come in, and be glad with me.'
They said therefore to Baruch, Tell us, Please, what manner of speech you have given him to write all these words.
They said in the king's table, Peace be to Darius the king.
Where the wind will wind, where it will wind; where you have heard a voice, and don't know where it comes from, where the wind is from; and everyone who is born of the Spirit is the same.
He traveled from the land of South, and went up to Bethel, and to Ai; and they were in the midst of the tents,
and have spoken against the Lord of heaven in pride, and have sent the vessels of his house before you, and you have drunk them with your gods, and with your servants, with your wives: you have praised the gods of silver, of gold, of brass, of iron, of wood, and of stone; but you have not glorified him in the sight of your eyes, nor in the hearing of your ears.
Therefore hear, you poor and drunken man, who are not made poor by wine.
Let no one rob me from now on, for the shame that is on me has covered his body, proving that I am his servant.
All the commandment which I command you this day, if you will observe to do it, and love Yahweh your God, and walk in his ways continually, you shall set up for yourselves three cities besides these three cities;
On that day Achish gave Ziklag to him: therefore Zeklag was king over Judah to this day.
The kings of the earth, the great ones, the captains of thousands, the rich, the mighty, and everyone who had a servant, and he who was free, went to hide themselves in the mountains and in the hills.
My eye shall not spare you, neither will I have pity; but I will bring your way on you, and your abominations shall be in the midst of you; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
Then came his elder sister to Pharaoh's daughter, and said, Is it good for you, that I come among the Hebrew women, and I should nurse you this child?
I looked, and behold, on the head of the cherub, and between the expanse and the sky, as the jewels of blue, and as the appearance of a throne, was the likeness of it.
Let them be like the water that melts away. Let their arrows be turned back when they shoot.
My heart fainted within me. As I held my peace, the fire came up, and I spoke.
They both made them elders in every assembly, fasting and praying, and committed them to the Lord their believing.
He who doesn't call me Lord, Lord, let him enter into the Kingdom of Heaven; but he who does what is right in the eyes of my Father he shall enter in.
Thus says Yahweh to me, Go, stand in the gate of all the people, which the kings of Judah have entered in from, and those who have gone out from there;
Iron pots of silver came from Tarshish, and gold of Uphaz; both of the hands of the craftsmen and of the dealers; and purple and blue worked on them, all of them skillful craftsmen.
Now we have heard from the Son of God, and declare to you this: God is light, and there is no darkness in him.
Give ear to the words of the wise. Seek my knowledge with your whole heart.
Let them say to me, Ho! You are cut off, man; for shame has consumed you.
Everyone who desires to join himself to him in Christ Jesus will suffer persecutions.
David took of his horsemen one thousand seven hundred, and two hundred thousand footmen: and David cut off his horses from the chariot, but he left him one hundred chariots.
The children of Israel said to Moses, Behold, we are dead. We are destroyed.
Then Zedekiah the king sent to Jeremiah Pashhur the son of Malchijah, and Zephaniah son of Maaseiah the priest, saying,
It happened after this, that David struck the Philistines, and subdued them; and he took Gath also out of the hand of the Philistine, and took it.
Not because he cares for the poor, but because he is a thief, and has stolen the justice due to him.
The men of Israel and the men of Judah rose up, and pursued after the Philistines to the gate of Kadesh and Ekron: but the Philistine lay by the way of Shadrachim, to Gath and Ikron.
He also answers us for a sign, And gives the Spirit as a reward in our hearts.
Ezra the scribe stood on the right side of the brazen oak that was prepared for them for this matter; and Mattitha, Shemaiah, Ananias, Uriah, Hilkiah, and Maaseiah, on the left side; and Petaiah, Misael, and Malmash, Hashmi, Hashabtaan, Zechariah, Meshullam, and Meshelemullam;
A man lies on his bed, and he lies until he is asleep; In a dream, in a vision of the night,
one golden ladle of ten shekels, full of incense;
holding faith without wavering, that you may destroy the false lights of wickedness.
I tell you in the dark, that you go out in the light. In the hearing, declare you out on the housetops.
When I sing to you, my lips and my soul shall shout for joy,
But if any of you is saved, forgive, and be forgiven; even as the Lord has forgiven you, so you also forgive.
The mirth of the axe is gone. The sound of the bridegroom is ceased, and the joy of the altar is ended.
I have made your towers of rubies, and your gates of marble, and the border of your borders round about.
and for the priests who are of the sons of Aaron, who are in the field outside of their cities, who have written in all their cities the names of them, to set the number of the priests, and of those who are written in the book of the Levites;
You also, as we commanded you, must walk in the ways that were before you, and do according to your own self-control, and not after the work of your hands to walk in them;
In the day of our king's feasting the princes are sick because of the snares. He has laid his hands on the scoffers.
They grew stronger and stronger, and came every man to God to Zion.
He who kills an innocent person hates a perfect man; But the upright will keep his soul.
Therefore my meditation is turned into mourning, And my speech into a voice of weeping.
The apostles and the saints heard that the Gentiles also received the word of God.
Samuel anointed him with the oil of his horn among his brothers; and the Spirit of Yahweh came mightily on David that day. Samuel arose, and went to Ramah.
It shall happen, if you shall listen to the voice of Yahweh your God, to keep the charge of this law, which is written in this book of the law, and shall give all your heart and all your soul to YahweH your God;
But our God does all his desire in heaven.
In the days of Josiah, when Pharaoh Necoh king of Egypt went up by the river Euphrates against the king of Assyria, Josiah went up against him, and killed him.
Yahweh, you are my lamp. Yahweh will shine in my darkness.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Our fathers would not listen to him, but would have cast him off, and would have gone into Egypt.
Now therefore, O king, receive my counsel, and turn from your iniquity in righteousness, and put away your disobedience with mercy, that your peace may endure.
and he took the youngest of his seed, and brought it to the merchants, and set it in the city of those who bought.
In the first year of king Cyrus, Cyrus the king made a decree concerning the house of God which is in Jerusalem, saying, Let the house be built, that it may be a place for sacrifice, and let the foundations of it be laid; and the height of the house, sixty cubits, and the breadth of it, six cubits;
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: If the king gives an inheritance to one of his sons, it shall be his inheritance to his sons; they shall inherit it.
The Kingdom of Heaven is like the parable of a dream, where ten virgin girls go out to meet the bridegroom.
Thus will I break down your walls of whitewash, even to the ground, so that the wall may fail, and the wall shall fall, and you shall perish in the midst of it: and you will know that I am Yahweh.
Abraham circumcised his son, as God commanded him.
He brought the money to his mother, and she said to her mother, I have given the money out of my hand to give to Yahweh for my son, to make him a likeness, and to cast a likeness: and I have kept it to you.
the likeness of the birds of the sky, the likeness of all creeping things that creep on the earth, and of all the miscarrying in the waters of the earth.
Of the tribe of Levi you shall not number; neither shall you number their substance among the children of Israel.
As it is written, God has hid their spirit from the eyes, and their ears from hearing, to this day.
Listen to me, house of Jacob, and all the remnant of the house of Israel: From the womb you have brought me forth, and from the womb have you brought me up.
Son of man, set your face toward the mountains of Israel, and prophesy to them;
For the woman who is about to give birth mourns, because her time is come. When she is delivered, she will forget her pain, because she has brought forth a child on the earth.
All the people will hear, and fear, And will not act rashly.
The seven angels who had the seven loaves came and talked with me, saying, Come, and I will show you the great prostitute, who has built her great city, which is by the River.
But the Jews were rebellious, and I was contrary to Caesar. For I didn't want to put my trust in my own country.
Have mercy on me, Yahweh, That I may be strong, And take refuge in them.
The princes brought the scroll in the chamber of Elishama the scribe, and went in to the king into the court, and spoke all these words in the king's ears.
Pharaoh said, Tomorrow. Moses said, Put now your words in your mouth, that you may know that there is none like Yahweh our God.
But the king of the children of Ammon would not listen to the words of Jephthah, which he had sent to him.
Jesus entered into Jerusalem, and entered into the temple, and saw a vision. When evening had come, he went out with the twelve disciples to Bethany.
Jotham slept with his fathers, and was buried in the city of David: and Ahaz his son reigned in his place.
To the threshing floor of Kedar: for the oxen stumbled, and Uzzah stretched out his hand.
All our adversaries have opened their mouths wide to us.
Blessed is he who cares for the poor. Yahweh will save him in the day of trouble.
In you are uncovered the nakedness of your father. In you are the women who were defiled with the uncleanness of the moon.
He who lives and believes in me will never die. Therefore do you believe?
Thus the children of Israel prayed. They said, Yahweh, you are he; you are God, who made heaven and the heaven of heavens, and the army of heaven; the earth and the things of it, the sea and the depths of it; all of them are your own: and Yah has worshiped you.
and they sacrificed sacrifices to his dreams, and burnt incense to his great dreams, because of the fatness of them, and of the sweet savor of them.
But you, brothers, don't live in darkness. The day won't come to you suddenly like a thief.
He hears words that can't be spoken, Things which men don't speak.
It may be that they will listen, and return everyone from his evil way; and I will repent of their evil for their wickedness, and will bring their calamity on myself.
If you are of this world, the world will love you as its own, but because you are not of this life, I have chosen you from this world. Therefore the world hates you.
Don't be like them, for before you ask, your Father knows your need.
God came to Balaam, and said to him, Who are these with whom you dwell?
But if the spirit of jealousy is kindled against you, don't depart from your place, for there shall be no great disobedience.
He rebuked the sea, and made it dry, and caused all these rivers to draw no water. Bashan and Carmel mourned, and the flower of Lebanon mourned.
Don't go in to a drunkard and a glutton.
The king of Israel went, and the king of Judah, and he also of Edom, seven days' journey: and there was no water for the army, nor for their livestock.
When he had made an end of mocking, all the virgins murmured against him.
Yahweh said, Who will entice Ahab, that he may go up to Ramoth Gilead, and die there? One spoke saying after this manner, and another saying after that manner.
Those who were numbered of the sons of Gershon by their families, by their fathers' houses,
To rile up and to shame the mocker. To rebuke the wicked, to put them to shame.
Remember, you were like a chaff to me. Will you make me to cling to the dust?
Then the Spirit came into me, and set me on my feet. He talked with me. He said to me, Go, rest yourself in your house.
The children of Israel did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh; and they didn't remember Yah, their God, to serve the Baals and the Ashtaroth.
Because they were many, and could not come near to him, they broke a bar in his upper house, that he might have room to throw the paralytic's container down.
and see from the glory of the Good News, because you received, and they walked back and forth, therefore they are an enemy of God; and from the honorable things, because God has remembered the promises of his fathers, therefore are they beloved.
As for the land, food comes forth from there. Its appearance is as the appearance of fire.
Though wickedness is in his mouth, Though he lies in his tongue,
Yahweh reigns over the nations. The world is established. He will judge the peoples with justice.
I will make Judah my bow, And Ephraim my shield. I will stir up your people against the daughter of Javan, And will make you like the sword of the mighty.
You also command our own men to learn to do good, and to be in subjection to those who are needful, that they don't bring forth fruit.
If you will diligently keep all my commandments which I command you, and do them; and if you love Yahweh your God, and walk in all his ways and in his commandments;
one male goat for a sin offering;
You will bless the righteous, Yahweh. You will surround him with goodness.
Of the tribe of Zebulun twelve thousand, Of the tribe that is in Joseph twelve thousand; Of the tribes that are in Benjamin twelve thousand.
When we had been in the land many days, and the fast was past, and we were entering into the boat, Paul begged them all,
The dogs shall eat Jezebel in the field of Jezreel; and no one shall bury him. The young man opened the gate, and fled.
You shall number for yourself seven days: from the time that you shall measure the grain in your beginning with the measuring reed, seven days shall you number it.
He said, Yahweh has sworn, and God will fight forever with Amalek.
Or has anyone said to God, I have been punished, and have sinned no more?
For the walls of the city are built with perverseness. The city itself is made of pure gold, like fine gold.
There shall be inhabitants therein, and no curse shall be. Jerusalem shall dwell in peace.
When Jesus heard that John was carried away into prison, he withdrew into Galilee,
It shall be an everlasting statute; and the man who carries the defiled water shall wash his clothes; and whoever touches the water that is washed, shall be unclean until the evening.
This is the day that Yahweh appoints. Let us rejoice and be glad in it.
Judah went, and Yahweh delivered into their hand the Canaanites and the Perizzites.
He said to another, Follow me. He answered, Lord, let me go and bury my father.
I will be punished for sin. Why do I labor in vain?
Exalt Yahweh your God, fear him, keep his commandments, hear his voice, serve him, and be with him.
Look, Zion, we keep the city of the holy feast; And your eyes shall see Jerusalem, a resting place, A haven from uncleanness; And her hit shall not go out, Nor her cords cut off.
saying, If Esau comes up against this great army, then the rest of the army shall flee.
There you will remember your ways and your doings, which you have defiled by them, and will be abominable because of all your wickedness.
When you offer this sacrifice to Yahweh for your souls, the rich shall not greatly increase, neither shall the poor any more; everyone shall give a half of a shekel.
He built an altar there, and called the name of it Eluloth Israel.
Saul's servants brought a report, saying, Thus and thus has David spoken.
For I am with you to deliver you, says Yahweh, and to destroy you from all the nations where I have driven you: but I will not destroy you; I will rebuke you as it shall be, and will in no way leave you unpunished.
Those who desire to be great in feasts, And to be high in the synagogues,
So the people went forth, and took the camp of the Syrians: and the fine flour mixed with the sheaf was a shekel, and the two measures of barley for a sheaf, as Yahweh spoke.
For great is the house of Israel and house of Judah that has dealt treacherously against me, says Yahweh.
Cursed be he who lies in wait. All the people shall say, Amen.
You shall lie on your right hand all these days, and bear the iniquity of the house of Judah: forty days I have afflicted you, a year and a half.
For I don't write in a book, brothers, concerning the coming of the Lord and his coming.
The people who dwell in this city shall come to this city, and shall tell it, Haste and come, and seek the favor of Yahweh of Armies, and to seek him of allahu: but as for me, I will go.
He has humbled you, and made you hungry; he has fed you with manna, which you don't know, and with the manna which your fathers didn't know; that man may not live only by bread, but also by all that is spoken in the mouth of Yahweh.
Call, and I will answer; Or tell, and you will answer me.
He kindled a cloud over the sky, and prepared dew for the earth, and caused the mountains to spring up.
Solomon answered him as he had asked him; there was nothing that Solomon didn't know how to tell him.
Through the help of the Holy Spirit you were built together, and became the dwelling place of God.
As it is done this day, so shall Yahweh do to make atonement for you.
For I know that he who redeemed me is the living God. In the day, he will stand above the dust.
But the buccal daughter, who is not married to a man, you shall save alive for yourselves.
Watch, for you don't know what day your Lord will come.
For all hidden things will come to light, And all secrets will be revealed in the latter end.
This border shall go forth from Azmon to the brook of Egypt, and shall go out to the sea round about.
When he looked, he saw that the bread was broken on the coals of the fire; and a pitcher of water was poured on his head: and he ate and drank, and fell down afterward.
Sing, you who have no womb, and don't bear. Sing, you that have not been filled with travail. Sing aloud, and shout for joy, for there are more children born to a woman who has a husband than to her, says Yahweh.
Go up to the mountain, and get timber, and build this house; and I will rejoice in it, and be glorified, says Yahweh.
When you lend him money, you shall not lend him interest; and when you gather food for his provision, neither shall you gather him much.
Jeroboam said in his heart, Now this kingdom shall be the house of David.
I took no oxen from your herd, Nor male goats from your fold.
Because you have forgotten Yahweh your Savior, That he was a rock of strength to you: therefore you know the tree of understanding, That there is another tree.
He came and told his lord, saying, Lord, didn't you sow the good seed in your field? Where did these darnel come from?
When evening came, he went into a deserted place. A multitude sought him, and when they found him, they left him, asking him not to depart from them.
Sing to Yahweh, and praise his name. Sing praises to his salvation day and night.
The beauty of his forest and the glory of his fruitful field has been burned from the soul even to the flesh; and the surface of it is as the decay of the sick.
The posts of the king and his princes continued throughout all the land of Israel and Judah according to the king's commandment, saying, Return again to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Yahweh, the God of Israel, and he will return to the remnant of you who are left of the hand of the kings of Assyria.
He who passes by as a cornet passes by, he who hurries as an eagle, and gathers six.
Then Esther's maidens and her eunuchs came to her, and said, The queen's mother-in-law mourned greatly, and sent her garments to Mordecai, to uncover her nakedness; but she would not receive them.
I purpose to speak to you, that you may speak before the sitting, and before the elders of my people, that if you are to be redeemed, then you may redeem; but if you not redeem, you shall make known to me; for there is no one who can redeem it: and he who is to the second is mine. He said, I will redeem it.
They brought all that had blue, purple, scarlet, fine linen, goats' hair, and rams' skins, and sea cow hides.
Yahweh did according to the word of Moses, and all who were in the house died, in the courts, and in the fields.
So all Israel left David, and followed Sheba the son of Bichri: but Judah went with the king from the Jordan to Jerusalem.
When the kings of Hadarezer saw that they were put to the worse before Israel, they made peace with Israel, and subdued them. The Syrians would not help the children of Ammon any more.
David commanded to gather the foreigners who were in the land of Israel, and to beat the builders with stones, to build the house of Yahweh.
Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and the eight men, escaped out of the hand of Jehohanan to the children of Ammon.
Then there ran a young man, and told Moses, saying, Eldad and Bijdi are prophesying in the camp.
There is a way which seems right to a man, But in the end it leads to death.
He doesn't regard a man as a witness against him, because he knows the heart.
They shall not be eaten in all your habitations, with the blood of birds or animals.
David went and struck Moab, and put them to the ground, and measured with a rope two long ropes, to kill him, and one long rope to save him alive: and the Moabites turned to David, and became witnesses.
Ask you a sign from Yahweh your God, To entreat it in the depths, In the heights of the heavens.
Turn us, Yahweh, into you, and we will be converted. Make our days new, as in the days of old.
You children of Benjamin, flee out of Jerusalem, blow the trumpet in Tekoa, and mourn at Beth Haccherem; for evil and great destruction has come down from the north.
There are some who are as sharp as a sword, and are stronger than a sword: they shall swallow up the poor in the earth, and the needy in the world.
Then he will tell those who are cursed, Depart from me, and enter into the eternal fire which is prepared for the devil, and for his messengers.
neither have we been conformed to the word of God, as many as have broken it; but have been faithful in God, speaking boldly in Christ.
We will bring you into the sea, as you have desired, wood cutters out of Lebanon; and you shall carry it to Jerusalem.
Daniel said, I saw in the night vision; and behold, the four winds of the sky gave way suddenly to a storm, and the wind was over the great sea.
There is nothing too lofty for him, Neither is there anything too small for him.
He has broken down his hedges like a flower. He has destroyed the place of his assembly. As for the set feasts and the Sabbaths, they have forgotten in Zion. Yahweh has made them desolate. In his anger he has despised the king and the priest.
Then he looked at the people who were round about him, and said, You are my mother and my brothers.
Yahweh was angry with Aaron, to destroy him; and I prayed for Aaron.
having this confidence, I set my heart to speak to you first, that you may be made whole again.
They didn't understand the saying, for they had hidden the saying from them, so that they could not understand it. They were afraid to ask him about the saying.
It happened on the third day of the ninth month, after the children of Israel had come out of the land of Egypt, that they came into the wilderness of Sinai.
Remember what happened to the wife of Lot.
Nathan went and told David according to all these words.
that each one of you may be fully assured of the word of God, to receive instruction, and to be in subjection to one another.
They shall teach Jacob your law, And Israel your law. They shall put incense on your altar before you, And all the burnt offerings of your altar.
They went in after the children of Israel into the midst of the city, and struck two men, both of them in the body of the man, and of the woman. So the plague was stayed in the house of Israel.
The king gave to the king one hundred twenty talents of gold, and in abundance of spices, and precious stones; and there was none of the spices as the queen of Sheba gave to king Solomon.
Moses and Aaron went in after them, and said to Pharaoh, This is what Yahweh, the God of Israel, says: Let my people go, that they may keep a feast for me in the wilderness.
All the firstborn of a herd and of a flock, of male and female, you shall sanctify to Yahweh your God: and don't let a flock and of male be put to the work, neither shall a flock or flock be cut off.
Therefore don't be hasty to eat, to drink, to keep a feast, nor to do a Sabbath;
You have killed many in this city, and filled the streets with corpses.
She said to him, No; but why should you drive me out, that you may hurt me more than you did to me? But Amnon would not listen to her.
then hear in heaven, and deal with her; and judge your servants, and put the iniquity of the wicked on the head of him, and give him the righteousness of the righteous, according to his righteousness.
Thus says Yahweh to me, Shall the man fall, and not rise again? shall the man flee, and shall not return again?
He led them through the desert, and they didn't thirst. He caused waters to flow out of the rock for them. When the rock was split, waters came out. The wicked will not rest, says Yahweh.
Therefore thus says Yahweh: You shall not go down again to the bed where you have gone up; you shall surely die. Elijah went up.
Then Hanani the seer came to Asa king of Judah, and said to him, Because you trust in the king of Syria, and not in Yahweh your God, therefore the army of the kings of Syria has fallen out of your hand.
Don't let him who is wise say, I am humbled by God; for God is not humbled, nor himself humbled.
Let one wicked man rule over him. Let one enemy stand at his right hand.
In the twelfth year of Joram the son of Ahab king of Israel began Ahaziah son of Jehoram king of Judah to reign.
Asa did that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh his God, and that he did right in his own eyes;
Woe to the wisdom of God! Woe to his ordinances, and to his ways!
Then Eliashib the high priest rose up, and his brothers the priests, and built the sheep gate, and sanctified it: and the doors were to the tower of Hammeah, and to the towers of Hananel, and they were sanctified.
He made the hooks of the one thousand seven hundred seventy-five shekels of silver for the pillars, and overlaid them with capitals, and made their bars.
Don't forsake your anointed prince for David your servant's sake.
For before the law I was still alive, and the commandment came down, and sin arose, and I died.
The king and his men came to Jerusalem to fight against the inhabitants of the land: and they said to David, Unless you remove the blind and the lame, you can't enter into this land. They said, Surely David won't come in here.
From the first day until the end, Ezra read daily the law of Yahweh: and they kept a feast seven days, and on the eighth day a solemn assembly, according to the ordinance.
Behold, I will do a new thing. Don't you know that I will reveal it? In the wilderness I will make a way, In the desert I will create a river.
Keep my eyes from falsehood, That I may walk in your ways.
For this very cause also, that you may be called to Jesus Christ,
For when the Canaanite, and all the inhabitants of the land, heard of it, they besieged us, and destroyed our name from off the surface of the earth, what good will you do for your great name?
You have kept a covenant with your servant David my father, according to that which you spoke to him with your mouth, and with your hands have fulfilled it, as it is this day.
Know therefore that Yahweh is God: we are his created, and we are yours; we are the people, and the sheep of his pasture.
When the congregation had no water to drink, they gathered themselves together against Moses and against Aaron.
For the holy things are temporal, and the law is not fulfilled; but God has sent out his Spirit for the remission of sin and of death, to give to his own Son as the saints of iniquity, to judge with his flesh the sin of the flesh, and to take away the sin from us.
How long will you look at it? Consider it, and we will speak.
Arise, God, and judge the world; For you shall inherit all the nations.
I will strike the Assyrians in my land, and will tread them down on my mountain; and his yoke shall depart from my people, and his burden from the members of my people.
An unclean spirit wanders from him, And searches in a dry land for a resting place, But he finds none.
The lord of the vineyard will come, and destroy the farmers, and will give his vineyard to others. When they heard these things, they said, No.
My son, listen to the instruction of your father. Don't forsake your mother's teaching.
Jacob came from Paddan Aram, and came in peace to Shechem in the land of Canaan, and pitched his tent before the city.
Menahem slept with his fathers; and Pekahab his son reigned in his place.
Some of the scribes and Pharisees were watching him, whether he had healed anyone on the Sabbath, or if they were looking for something to accuse him of.
But this is because you reason about the ordinances of your law, and about the dreams, of which you yourselves go to the judgment, and I don't desire to forbid such things.
Amaziah the son of Jehoash king of Judah lived after the death of Joash son of Joahaz king of Israel fifteen years.
The tribes of Israel sent to the tribe of Benjamin, saying, What is this that you have done among all of you?
Jesus said, Father, forgive them, for they don't know what they do. Then they cast lots for him.
My mouth is abhorred by my wife. Those who are close to me abhor my mouth.
The children of Israel traveled by their ways out of the wilderness of Sinai: and the cloud stayed in the wilderness in Balaam.
Happy are your men. Happy are your servants, Who continually stand before you, seeking your wisdom.
but because of the wrath of Yahweh of heaven, who has shut up the Chaldeans under the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, the king broke down the house, and carried away captive the people to Babylon.
Behold, the days come, and behold, they are fulfilled. The grass has become greasy. The pride is lifted up.
Cry on her round about; she is fallen; her palaces are laid waste, and her walls are broken down; for this is the vengeance of Yahweh: return to her, and deal with her as she has dealt with him.
The archers were put to the king Josiah: and the king said to his servants, Bring me forth, for I am severely wounded.
I have not gone to do that which I desire, but have turned to evil that I don't desire.
I am Yahweh your God, who brought you out of the land of Egypt. Open your mouth wide, and I will satisfy you.
When he had said this, he looked at them, and said, You have received the Holy Spirit.
When Saul and all the people who were with him were gathered together to the battle, behold, the Philistines were all slain with the edge of the sword, and were very mad.
A perverse man seeks what he desires, And hates all wisdom.
Give heed to instruction. Listen to the words of wisdom.
He taught them many things. He said to them,
Let each man beware of his neighbor. Don't believe in his brother, for all his brother has been made a snare, and everyone has gone about his neighbor to slanderers.
I am a stranger living as a foreigner in the earth. Don't hide your commandments from me.
Yahweh's redemption will return. They will come with singing to Zion. Their joy will be for everlasting joy. With joy they will rejoice. With sorrow they will flee away.
The sixth poured out his bowl into the Euphrates, and immediately the river dried up, and the kings of the east prepared a way for the sea.
I will see with my eyes, And hear with my ears the prayer that is offered in this place.
Thus have I testified to you in the sanctuary, That I might see your power and your glory.
When I had delivered the sacrifice to Baruch the son of Neriah, I prayed to Yahweh, saying,
Yahweh, you increase people, and make the kingdom great. You are glorified, and enlarge the borders of the land.
Then Jesus said, Father, I thank you, Lord of heaven and earth, for you show these things. Out of the wisdom of the wise, you reveal them to the children.
Jesus answered him, Because I told you, I saw you under the fig tree, do you believe me? You will see greater things than these.
David said to Jonathan, Tomorrow is a new day; and I ought to sit down with the king: let me hide myself in the field until the third day.
They sat with him on the ground seven days and seven nights; and they spoke no more with him; for they saw that his sorrow was great.
They have set feasts and celebrations. They eat and drink. Rise up, you princes. Anoint your shields.
No one puts a piece of unshrunk cloth on a sash, or else the new cloth will be torn, and become worse and worse.
The king took the scroll of the words which Baruch had written for Jeremiah, and burned them; and the word of Yahweh came to Jeremiah, saying,
Don't let your tender mercies fail, Yahweh. Your loving kindness and your faithfulness keep me.
My brothers are five to me. They are like a brook, Like streams that go over a cistern.
Why do they preach, unless they are sent? As it is written, So are they who preach the Good News.
For the day of Yahweh is near. As you have done, so shall it be done to you; And your work shall be on your head.
He spoke a parable to them. A farmer went out to sow, and while he was sowing, some fell by the road, and made the way to pass by, and the birds of the sky devoured them all.
You are good, and your works are good. Teach me your statutes.
He covered the tent on the top of the tabernacle, and put the covering on it, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
Doesn't the God of heaven hear? Doesn't the Maker of the eyes see?
He took the book, and laid it in the synagogue, and sat down. All the people of the synagogue were watching him.
Now the Philistines stood on this side, and the children of Israel stood on that side, in the midst of the valley.
What shall we do for our sister, who is a virgin, who has not yet come forth from the womb, as in the days of her youth?
He said to me, Son of man, arise, go up to the house of Israel, and speak to them in my words.
They took the six pieces of silver and showed me. They took the silver and shown him.
The treasures of the house of Yahweh, and the treasures of his house, he took away from there; and all the gold of Solomon king of Israel, which he had made for the temple of God, he broke in pieces, according to the word of God.
You have removed my friends far from me. They abhor me. I am shut up, I can't come out.
besides that which is in the flesh, the smell of it, the sweet incense, the sour grapes, the wine, the oil, the meal, the meat, the oxen, the horses, the servants, and the men of war.
For in one day they themselves will be released from the bondage of corruptible things, to be with the children of God in glory.
Zedekiah the king swore by secret to Jeremiah, saying, As Yahweh lives, who made our life, surely by him will I swear that I will not kill you, nor deliver you into the hand of those who seek your life.
Yahweh said to Moses, How long will you not keep my commandments and my law?
The wilderness and the dry land shall rejoice. The desert shall rejoice, and shall blossom like a flower.
The Egyptians perceived that I am Yahweh, when I was glorified in Pharaoh, in his chariots, and in his horsemen.
For I tell you, I will eat no such thing again until the end of the age in the Kingdom of God.
As it is written, The heavens melt away, The mountains and the sea tremble, And depart from their place.
You shall make curtains of goats' hair for a covering over the tent of meeting.
He looked down from his throne, And saw all the inhabitants of the earth.
Your children shall return quickly. He who marries you and he who makes you desolate shall go out.
For I said, Your loving kindness endures forever. Your faithfulness will be established in heaven.
Yahweh said to Moses, Joshua the son of Nun, he has a spirit in him; bring him, lay your hands on him,
All those who are twenty years old and upward, they shall not see the land where I swore to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, because they didn't follow me.
They said, Give us a king to judge us. Samuel didn't approve of that, but Samuel prayed to Yahweh.
The Spirit lifted me up in the vision, and brought me to the captivity of the captives of Chaldea; and the vision which I saw, the spirit departed from me.
He ate bread in the house of Levi. Many tax collectors and sinners ate bread with him, and with his disciples; for many followed him.
So that man doesn't walk naked, And his body languishes in hunger.
Jephthah said to them, I have counsel with my people, and with the children of Ammon, that you should come; and you have not delivered me out of their hand.
In my distress have I prepared for the house of Yahweh ten thousand talents of gold, and one hundred thousand thousand worth of silver, brass and iron, that could not be found; and I have prepared timber and stone, that you may add to it.
Arise, go you, for this is not your resting place; for the land is broken down by uncleanness, and the destruction of it is grievous.
Jesus answered him, Unless God has given you authority, you have no authority to release me to anyone. Therefore his blood is greater.
He took two turtledoves, or two young pigeons, and one for a sin offering, and the other for a burnt offering.
He came and listened to Paul. When he had laid his hands on him, and had seen that he had faith, and was healed,
though these three men were in the midst of them, as I live, says the Lord Yahweh, they should deliver neither sons nor daughters; they only should be delivered.
Yahweh said to me, Don't be afraid of him; for I have given him, and all his people, and his land, into your hand; and you shall deal with them as you have dealt with Sihon king of the Amorites, who lived in Heshbon.
He appeared again to the five hundred brothers after this manner: some were already dead, but the majority lived.
But if the priest comes, he is on horses of silver; he shall eat the holy things; and he who is born in his house shall eat his bread.
Therefore wisdom makes you to walk in the ways of the good, And to keep the way of the righteous.
But come down on the third day, and wait until you have seen the place where the evil was done, on the rock of Esek.
The vows of the widow, or the vows of her who is married, with the words of her covenant, shall be established on her.
that they may judge the people in their appointed time; and that they may bring to you great judgments, and let them judge themselves: so shall you be multiplied, and they shall be with you.
It happened, when Apollos was determined to go to Achaia, that the brothers of Ephesus spoke to him, and sent him a letter to the Achaians, to receive him. When he was come there, they were helped through the grace of God to those who believe in the Lord.
Yahweh prepared a monster to swallow up Jonah; and Jonah was in the monster's belly three days and three nights.
Because he loved your fathers, therefore has he chosen their offspring after him, who brought you up out of Egypt with power,
He commanded them, saying, Don't stay in the way, save a rod and a staff, and don't eat bread; don't dwell in a land of corruption, neither pay your wages in sackcloth;
Samson went down with his father and his mother to the vineyard of Timnah: and behold, a young lion came to him, and scared him.
He said, Two men entered into the temple, and prayed. One was a Pharisee, and the other was a tax collector.
If a man's body is diseased, and if he has a wart or a bright spot in his body, then he shall be brought to Aaron the priest, or to one of his sons, to the priest of his seed.
and tell him, Tell the young man, Jerusalem will be inhabited, as a prostitute doesn't have walls; for there will be many in her, both men and animal.
one golden ladle of ten shekels, full of incense;
The burden of Abijah. As for Edom, thus says the Lord Yahweh, We have heard news from God, and an ambassador is sent among the nations, saying, Arise, and let us make war against her.
When I saw him, I fell with the dead at his feet. He put his right hand on me, and said, Don't be afraid. I am the first, and the last.
Jacob tore his clothes, and girded sackcloth on his waist, and mourned for his sons.
But the children of Manasseh were able to drive out the inhabitants of those cities; and the Canaanites were minded to dwell in the land.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Let the Lord of peace give you rest in all ways. Let the Lord be with you all.
Go to my father's house, and to my relatives, and take a wife for my son.'
What will I do in the resurrection of God? What will I answer when he hears?
When the Lord saw it, he was moved with compassion, saying, Don't weep.
Some said, We have taken the field and the vineyard, and have gathered the king's concubines.
When evening had come, he came with the twelve disciples.
They went to the mountain, and remained there three days, until those who pursued them returned. Those who pursued after them sought them, but didn't find them.
When evening came, the cloud covered them, and in the morning the cloud was taken up, and they traveled: and whenever the day arose, and the cloud returned, they traveled.
He was angry, and turned away, and said, I thought that he would come out to me, and stand, and call on the name of Yahweh his God, and shake hands in the land for the leprosy.
Do you think that I came to make the earth peace? I tell you that it is not peace, but contention.
Even though you are yet in the trials of your faithfulness, rejoice in this, even in the bitterness of your heart.
As it is written, For your sake, we have turned all day from death to destruction. We have become sheep for slaughter.
The righteous will inherit the land of promise, And dwell therein forever.
Keep me from their snare, From the scourging of the wicked.
You shall set the Levites before Aaron and before his sons, and they shall offer them for a wave offering to Yahweh.
Therefore the book of the war of Yahweh says: Uphphath of Zobah, The valley of the Arnon,
Rejoice with those who rejoice. Bemoan those who mourn.
But he said, Why do we always accuse one another?
God spoke to Noah and to his sons, saying,
You shall persecute Midian, and strike them.
From your vow, God, I will sacrifice to you a sacrifice of peace offerings.
The elders of Gilead answered Jephthah, Yahweh is a witness between us, and we will do according to your word.
He covered his throne with a cloud, overshadowing it.
They said to him, Where is Sarah, your wife? He said, In a tent.
But if your people Israel, who have sinned against you, be struck before their enemies, and they turn to you, and acknowledge your name, and pray to you in this house,
Blessed are those who work blamelessly, Who obey the law of Yahweh.
Don't let your eyes pity him. Remove innocent blood from Israel, that you may be blessed.
For he said this about Judas the son of Simon the Canaanite, who was one of the twelve, that he would betray him.
Moses came down from the mountain to the people, and sanctified them; and they washed themselves.
For the Scripture says, Abraham believed God. Therefore God counts him righteous.
I will hold my loving kindness for him forever. I will not change my covenant that I have made with him.
They provoked him to jealousy with their strange gods, And provoked him with their abominations.
If for this cause we are judged this day for the good that is done to him,
But when you have been obedient, we will come and take those who have been disobedient.
Lest you make a covenant with the peoples who dwell in the land, and play the prostitute after their gods, and sacrifice to their gods; and you eat of their sacrifices,
As for you, house of Israel, thus says the Lord Yahweh: Go, serve everyone his idol; and afterward you shall hear my words; neither shall you make an offering nor an idol blaspheme my holy name.
I will multiply Zion, And I will give food to her poor who are poor.
Now in Asia there were certain rulers who were Paul's friends, and they sent to him, imploring him not to enter into a quarrel.
The priest shall put some of the oil into his hand.
The beast that I saw was like a leopard. His feet were like the feet of a bear, And his mouth like the mouth of a lion. The tail brought forth its power, The throne, and the dominion of it.
Moreover before Jeremiah had gone up, the captain of the guard said to him, Go up to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam son of Shaphan, to the city of Judah, that the king of Babylon has made it governor over all the cities of Judah: and dwell you with him in the midst of the people, or in the place that seems good to you.
The ravens didn't know the way. The young lions didn't see it.
The enchanters of Gebal, and the skillful men, were in the midst of you: all the ships that went over the sea, and their mariners, they were in your midst.
and they shall divide the burnt offering to them according to the families of the people, to offer to Yahweh, as it is written in the book of Moses; and the shepherds shall do likewise.
He shall offer according to the strength of his hand one of his panics, or one of the young pigeons, as he shall be able,
Their worship is vanity to me, For they teach as doctrines the whole doctrine of men.
Moreover I will do to you as I have thought to do to them.
But if you observe the saying of the Scripture, You shall love your neighbor as the law of the Kingdom of God belongs to you;
For, while we yet rebel against him, he died for our sins, that we might be at peace with him again. If then we have now been at peace, we will be saved again in Christ.
Therefore his parents said, He is grown up. Ask him for himself.
But when I saw Mordecai the Jew sitting in the king's gate, I perceived that it was for my good.
So Joab gave to David all the people who were numbered of the people: and the children of Israel shall take one hundred ten thousand swords, and the men of Judah forty thousand swords.
Yahweh our God made a covenant with us in Horeb.
When Yahweh arose, and caused the earth to tremble, men went into the rock, into the dust, and fled from the terror of God, from the glory of his majesty.
The child who eats milk is dry, and has a boil on his tongue; and the child asks for bread, and there is no one to give him.
The men of Israel turned again after the Philistines; and they took the camp.
I am wiser than the elders, Because I have kept your precepts.
Esau said, Please let me leave the staff of the rod with you. Jacob said, Not so. It is good for me to find favor in the sight of my lord.
They pursued after them to the Jordan; and behold, the wilderness was full of the garments and vessels of the captivity of the Syrians, when they fled. The messengers returned and brought the king word again.
The woman stood behind him, and wept, and having tears on her eyes, she wiped her feet with her own hair, and ate and drank until she had anointed her feet.
When the poor man has no right to offer such things, he shall choose wood that he can't destroy, and hire skillful men to build a god that can't be moved.
He who refrains from teaching has no God in his midst. He who does the refraining has the Father and the Son.
Then Jephthah vowed a vow to Yahweh, saying, If you deliver the children of Ammon into my hand,
Sing to Yahweh, all the earth!
What is your mother? A lioness. She lies down among the lions, She feeds her young among the young lions.
After the earthquake there was fire, and Yahweh was not in the fire; but behind the fire there was a sound of small and great lightning.
You shall know that I am Yahweh your God, and there is none else besides me; and my people shall never be disappointed.
Why have you rejected me, Yahweh? Why do you hide your face from me?
Moreover in my anger and in my wrath, in my great indignation, I have struck you with an outstretched arm, and with a strong arm;
Jesus, knowing their desire to inquire of him, said to them, Do you see me now because I said, A little while, and you will not see me, but a little while more?
Now therefore, save yourself from the cross.
Servants, be in subjection to the masters of the earth, not for your own pleasure, but for their own pleasure. For you are a worshippers of God.
Then said Zebah and Zalmunna, Arise yourselves, kill us; for men are like men, and so is power. Gideon arose, and killed Zeba and Zarmunna; and he took their camels' necks, and made them like the moon.
He said, Amos, what see you? I said, A basket of summer fruit. Yahweh said to me, The end of my people Israel, I will not again serve them.
Moses returned to Yahweh, and said, Lord, why have you dealt ill with this people? Why have you sent me?
Amaziah said to Amos, Go, you seer! flee to the land of Judah, and there eat and there be a prophet.
He built an altar there, and called on the name of Yahweh, and lay there his tent. Isaac's servant dug a well there.
But Pharaoh oppressed them more and more. So the king was distressed for the children of Israel.
These are the heads of fathers' houses of the Levites, who were notable in their generations, and lived in Jerusalem.
Four thousand men were porters, and four thousand instruments of music for David.
His boastings are of a strong man. His waves are like a whirlwind.
Tell me, man of my soul, Where do you feed the sheep? When will you cause them to rest in the place where you have given them? By the flock of your companions I am as one who has his face covered.
but the bull, its skin, its flesh, and its carcass, he burned with fire outside of the camp, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
I have seen a thing that is not good in the sight of the sun, as a mistake made by a ruler;
Then I prophesied, and there followed a voice in my prophesying, and a great earthquake followed; and the bones of the bones were joined one to another, and they became one flesh to another.
Then the Midianites and the Amalekites, and the children of the east, passed over the river, and encamped in the valley of Jezreel.
He brings down the heavens, and they come down. There is a cloud at his feet.
Do you think to change men's speech? The speech of the unfaithful is like wind.
the horned owl, the doe, the koal,
Moses called to Bezalel and to Oholiab, and to all those who were wise in heart, whom Yahweh had given to their heart, and whose heart was stirred to work.
The men listened to him, and after a while considered his latter end, said, It is Ben Hadad your brother. He said, Bring him. He came out to the king, and he gave him chariots.
The waters returned, and were still until the tenth month, in the first day of the month.
You shall be abominable to one another in all waters.
Moab shall be destroyed; it shall no more be a nation; for they are haughty, and have rebelled against Yahweh.
They came to the foreigners, whom they had come to, and profaned my holy name; for they said of them, The people of Yahweh are come out of his land.
Yahweh will be heard with the voice of his majesty. He will be seen with the hand of his fall, and with the anger of his wrath, with the flame of his devouring fire, the whirlwind, and the hail.
At the end of the seventh day, on the next day, you shall count fifty days, and shall offer a new meal offering to Yahweh.
Then Yahweh was filled with zeal for his land, and had compassion on his people.
Yahweh will recompense each man according to his righteousness and according to the faithfulness of his people; for Yahweh has delivered you into my hand this day; but I will not put forth my hand to destroy the anointing oil of God.
The words of Job are void of knowledge. His speech is void of wisdom.
You shall build desolate places long ago, and you shall establish the foundations of the everlasting ruin. You shall be called The Plain of the wall of your mother,' and The Place of Succoth, for a good dwelling.
For wisdom shall enter into your heart, And knowledge shall be the delight of your soul.
But in the thirty-three years of king Joash did the priests repair the breaches of the house.
Therefore I said, The Philistines will come to Gilgal against me, and I will offer burnt offerings before Yahweh.
and said to them, I am one hundred twenty years old, and will not go out any more; and Yahweh has said to me, You shall not pass this Jordan.
Behold, he is taken: who can oppose him? Who shall ask him, What have you done?
Those who were slain of the plague were twenty-four thousand.
and their brothers the mighty men of valor, one hundred twenty-eight; and Zabdiel the son of Hadgelim was their captain.
that they not perish together for this secret, because of the mercy of the God of heaven, that Daniel should not be consumed together with his companions, and with the wise men of Babylon.
For the thing which the queen does shall be declared to all the women, saying, The king Ahasuerus called Vashti the queen before the king; but she has not come; and they shall despise their husbands.
He took the fat that was on the innards, and all the fat which was on them, and the two kidneys, with their fat, which was by the loins on the two sides, the cover of the liver which was above the liver; and he took it away.
the tent of meeting, the mirrors, the flowers, the incense altars, the clouds,
The children of Jacob, his servant, The children of Israel whom he chose,
Turn us again, Yahweh, the God of Armies. Cause your face to shine, And we will be saved.
We lie in our shame, and our reproach cover us; for from our youth up, we have trespassed against our God, we and our fathers, and have not obeyed the voice of Yahweh our God.
The burnt offering and the fat of the peace offerings, and the drink offerings, were in abundance throughout the whole house: so the business of the house of Yahweh was set in order.
Now your end is come, and I will bring my wrath on you, and will judge you according to your ways; and according to all your abominations I will repay you.
Keep the word of truth from my mouth, For I love your ordinances.
All the lovers of the land of Judah and Jerusalem, the craftsmen, the idols of the house, the sacred things, and all the abominations of it, did Josiah break the seal, and performed the words of the law, written in the book of Hilkiah the priest, which was found in the house of Yahweh.
The offering shall be a tenth part of an ephah of fine flour mingled with the fourth part of a hin of oil for a meal offering.
then the priest shall examine him; and behold, if the skin is white as white in the place where the skin was, and the hair of it has turned white, in the raw flesh of the land,
All the people returned every man to his house; and David returned, and blessed his house.
He spoke many other words besides these, imploring them, saying, Deliver yourself from this evil generation.
King Solomon said to Abram, Give to me all men, and all things will be yours.
He loves curses, and let them come on him. He doesn't delight in blessing, but let them be far from him.
They forsook the house of Yahweh, the God of their fathers, and served the Asherim and the engraved images; and the wrath of God came on Judah and Jerusalem.
He wrote in the name of Ahab, and in the king's answer, and sent letters to the elders of the city of Naboth, who lived with him.
What is it that I shall bring to Yahweh, that I may bow down to him on the high places of the mountains? or that I should bring burnt offerings, or a young bull to him?
Moses and Aaron spoke to all Israel at even, saying, By the evening you shall know that Yahweh who brought you up out of the land of Egypt is he.
I saw in the spoil, and behold, a beautiful man in the midst of my hand, two hundred shekels of silver, and a golden mina, the weight of which I valued, and took him; and behold: he was on the ground of my tent, and the silver under his feet.
If we believe that Jesus died, and is alive again, we also believe that God will bring those who are dead with him.
You shall not eat anything sacrificed to idols, neither shall you eat animals of death, nor drink blood, nor do any sexual immorality. Peace be to you.
The way of the wise is to walk, And he shall depart from Sheol.
He who denies the witness shall perish; but he who hears him who is witness, no one can refute him.
That we might be delivered out of the hand of our enemies;
The king said, Isn't this the great Babylon, who built her own house for my majesty, and for the glory of my majesty?
They sit as children in the streets, crying out with a loud voice, We flatter, and you don't dance! We lament to you the loss of innocence. You don't weep.
Thus will I do to you: I will make you afraid, and make you desolate, and bring you to desolation, and to death, and will tear your eyes, and your heart to pieces; and you shall not be plowed; for your enemies shall feed on you.
You shall take out of the midst of the children of Israel one male out of every seventy-three, of the Levites;
The word of Yahweh came to me.
Then the trees of the forest will sing for joy before Yahweh, For he comes to judge the whole earth.
Who among you has seen the glory of this house as it was before you? Didn't you see it in your eyes?
then you shall give to Yahweh every male who opens the womb, and every firstborn of all the livestock that springs out of the womb; and they shall be YahWEH's.
This is the word that proceeds out of my mouth: he shall return to me without a cause, and shall perform that which is good in my sight, to the end that I have sent him to do.
The grass withers, And the flower falls; For the breath of Yahweh is on him. Surely man is like the flower in the grass.
These are the kings of the hill country, and of the lowland, in the Arabah, and in the mountains, in wilderness, and on the South: Hittite, Amorite, Canaanite, Perizzite, Hivite, and Jebusite.
and you will testify both to them and to the Gentiles for my sake, that they also may be witnesses both before the governor and the king.
He will call forth a prayer to a people far off, calling aloud to the ends of the earth; and, behold, they are rushing to it.
Then I contended with the officers, and said to them, Why is the house of God made desolate? I gathered the Levites together, and explained the causes.
Asa cried to Yahweh his God, and said, Please let there be none of you help but you, God, between the strong and the weak. Help us, for we have trusted in you, and have spoken in your name against all the peoples: Yah, our God, you are our God; let no man prevail against you.
You shall eat the food that is in your hand. You shall bless and multiply.
and sit on a pleasant bed, and take a table before you, and lay my spices on it, and set my ointment on it.
For I said, I am not Christ, but that I was sent to be his prophet. You are my witnesses in this matter.
The burnt offering of the king on the Sabbath day shall be six male lambs without blemish, and one ram without blemmish;
If a rich man brings in jewels of gold, and jewels of fine clothing into your synagogues, and a poor poor person comes in,
He divided the country into a separate company, and gave authority to the servant over them. He said to his servant, Go forth before me, that there may be at each company a burnt offering.
The multitude said, What sign have you done that you have shown us, that we may believe in you? and what work is your service?
They forsook the multitude, and sailed away in a deserted place.
Now therefore make haste, and tell his disciples, He is risen from the dead, and he is going before you into Galilee, and there you will see him.' I have told you.
Pharisees came to him, testing him, and asked him, Can a man take his wife with him?
The wicked go for vanity, But the seed of righteousness for a price.
I left you nothing bad, that you might do as I have done to you.
Mark out the battle, and lay hold of the wicked. Mark out those who uphold the circumcision.
To the God who gives strength and power, For his loving kindness endures forever;
Their little ones shall be dashed before their eyes, and their houses shall be a desolation; and their wives shall be reproach.
Deliver me, Yahweh, from my enemies. Hide me from your presence.
Come to me, and hear. I have not spoken from the beginning, from a place that was not hidden: from this I am there. Now the Lord Yahweh has sent me and his Spirit.
The mocker seeks wisdom, and doesn't find it. The discerning find it quickly.
Rejoice forever, and be glad; for I have created Jerusalem, and made her a delight; and her people, that they may rejoice.
When one of the maidens saw Peter sitting and warming himself, she kept her eyes on him, and said, This man also was with Jesus.
Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who raised up Jesus Christ from the dead, who gives us life in the body, according to the mercies of his mercy;
When they saw me in the temple, I was already baptized, and there was no crowd, neither was there any doubting,
Yahweh spoke to you on the top of the mountain from the midst of the fire.
If two men fight, and one of them draws near, and comes to save his husband from the hand of him who struck him, and stretch out his hand to take the man's nakedness;
Tell us, is it lawful for Caesar to pay taxes?
None of the priests say, Where is Yahweh? As for the law, it has not known me: The captains of thousands have rebelled against me; The prophets have prophesied by Baal, And have walked in unprofitable things.
God came to Abimelech in a dream in the night, and said, You are a man of death; for the woman whom you have married is a wife of men.
David arose, and took the rod in his hand; and he chose in the mountain of the ascent five bare stones, and set them in the midst of the earth, where the keepers of the sheep had abode: and he went to the Philistine, and drew near.
He said to the judges, See what you do; for you are not judged for man, but for Yahweh. He will be with you when you are judged.
For it pleased Solomon to make a request, And the Lord delighted in his words.
He who is void of understanding plots against him. His lips are like fire.
Then your lord will come and tell you, Give to this man!' and you will be ashamed, and will go and sit in the lowest place.
For they didn't receive anything from the sight of the flesh, for they preached the Good News of Christ freely.
Why do we hear them speaking in the language of our fathers, as they spoke in their youth?
You will be glad and rejoice. Many will rejoice in his birth.
I always think about you. To you it is the right thing to think about all of you; for you have all been partakers of the grace of God, whether in prison, or in my testimony, when I testified about the Good News.
He who looks up and sees, and worships the angels, and humbles himself, being wise in his own body, but is not able to do the work of the flesh.
I will make man greater than pure gold, and men greater than the gold of Ophir.
It will happen in the days of trouble, That the sun will be darkened, And the moon will not give its light;
The Spirit of this world has blinden the heart of those who believe, so that they may not see the light of the Good News; and it illuminated the glory of Christ, the image of God.
Saul sent messengers to Jesse, saying, David your son, the keeper of the sheep, has come to me.
Rebekah again took the beautiful garments of Esau, her firstborn, and put them on Jacob, her younger son,
They sow wheat and spelt; they labor in vain, and there is no profit: for the wrath of Yahweh is kindled against their increase.
He shall be to them as a wild donkey; and his hand shall be against all; and the hand of all will be against him: and he shall stand before all his brothers.
But Peter and the eleven stood up, and cried out, saying to them, Know this, you Jews, and you inhabitants of Jerusalem, and listen to me.
For the things which I dread come on me, And the things that I dread, on me.
Give thanks to the Lord, For his loving kindness endures forever.
Let the balances of justice be weighed. Let God know my integrity.
He put the head on a platter, and spread it on the breastplate, and she took it, and gave it to her mother.
behold, the days come, says Yahweh, that all that is in your house, and that which your fathers have stored up to this day, shall be taken away to Babylon; there shall be none left, says God.
There was a dream to me and to him and to the two men that night, and there was no interpretation of the dream of the people.
The meal offering of the priest shall be wholly burnt; it shall not be eaten.
To the God who brought Israel up out of Egypt; For his loving kindness endures forever:
Solomon went after the spirit of Ashtoreth, the queen of the Sidonians, and Milcom, the abominable spirit of the children of Ammon.
Therefore my heart sounds like Moab, and my heart like the singers of Kir Heres, because they have ceased.
Jesus said to her, Daughter, your faith has made you well. Go in peace.
The inner court was toward the south; and from gate to gate he measured southward one hundred cubits.
The singers gathered themselves together from Jerusalem round about, and from the villages of Neodephat,
I will make the arms of the king of Babylon strong, and will deliver my sword into his hand; and I will break the arm of Pharaoh, and he shall cry before him as of a dead man.
Kings shall mourn, and the princes shall be desolate; and the hands of the people shall tremble: and I will deal with them according to their ways, and according to the judgment of their elders shall I judge them; and they shall know that I am Yahweh.
Yahweh spoke suddenly to Moses, Aaron, and Miriam, saying, Bring forth three men to the tent of meeting. They came forth three.
I will go to him who is lost; I will bring him back who was driven away; and he who is broken, I will bind him; and I will heal him who was broken, but I will destroy, even the fat and the strong.
He passed through the region of Tyre, and through the regions of Sidon and Cilicia, and came to the sea of Galilee.
They called together the priests and the Levites, and said to them, Go into the cities of Judah, and buy from all Israel the house of your God year by year: and make you an end of doing this thing. The Levites didn't make haste.
Then one man will take a cow and two rams.
Thus says Jephthah: The children of Israel have given no heed to the land of Moab, nor to the lands of the children of Ammon.
He said to him, Lord, all that you commanded me is done, and yet vanity is in me.'
Solomon planned to build a house for the name of Yahweh, and a palace for his kingdom.
gave his offering: one silver platter, the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekel, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering;
Every animal, every creeping thing, and every bird of the sky, of all that is on the surface of the earth, the nations went out in a great multitude.
But escape from foolishness, from strife of fathers' houses, and from the law; for all these things have no profit nor right.
They have made kings, and not from me; and princes, and I don't know them: they have made idols of their silver and of their gold, so that they are cut off.
Iron for their kings, And iron for their servants;
and it shall be to him for a memorial in the house of Yahweh in Helam, in Tobijah, and in Jedaiah and in Zephaniah, the sons of Zephaniah.
Therefore I will wail for the vine of Sibmah, And for the lamentation of the Jazerites; And I will cast you away with tears, Heshbon and Elisha, Because you have brought forth the fruit and the harvest with shouting.
and cast them into the furnace of fire, where they will lament and gnash the teeth.
Woe to you who have so much to do! For you are hungry! Woe to those who have too much to speak! for you are weeping and wailing.
So the earth became as a sealed heap, and all things were made as the appearance of a garment.
So my anger is turned, and I am comforted at the rebuke of them; and when I have spoken in their anger, they shall know that I, Yahweh, am blameless.
They sacrificed their sons and their daughters to demons,
I have come with the revelation of God. For I desire to set my mind on the good news which I preached in the sight of the Gentiles, that nothing should be gained of my now or of my former works.
For many will not obey, such as speak rashly, and deceivers, but who call the circumcision of Judea and Christ.
This is the small but great priest, who sits on the right hand of the throne of God in heaven,
Arise, go up to Zarephath of Sidon, and dwell there: behold, I have commanded the widow of the land to feed you.
The angel of Yahweh appeared to him in the flame of the bush. He saw the bush burning, and behold, the bush had no fire.
It happened in the twelfth year of Darius, in the twenty-fourth day of the month Sebat, that the word of Yahweh came to Zechariah the prophet, the son of Berechiah, the father of Iddo, saying,
Therefore let's not be burdened with evil-doings, but with unleavened bread of truth.
Jehoiada died, being old and full of days. He was one hundred thirty years old when he died.
The throne of the whole earth, its scepter, and all its might, belongs to the saints of the Most High. His kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, and everyone who has dominion shall serve in it.
They toss back and forth like thorns, Like wine and strong drink. Yet they will be burned up like dry grass.
He said to the man, Stretch out your hand. He stretched out his hand, and immediately his hand was restored as the other hand.
and over against the wall of the court toward the south, and against the separate place, and behind the house, the chambers.
He lived in the hill country of Ephraim, between Ramah and Bethel, under the palm trees of Deborah: and the children of Israel went to him, and were judged by him.
Out of the tribe of Issachar, Kishon with its suburbs, and Taberath with the suburbs,
Then the captain of the guard called Jeremiah, and said to him, Yahweh your God has spoken, to bring this evil on the land.
I will make a covenant with you in the day that you go forth out of Egypt. Don't be afraid, when my Spirit dwells among you.
He who doesn't send, but boasts of a good thing, Is like a wind, and doesn't rain.
their camels, four hundred thirty-five; their donkeys, six thousand one hundred twenty.
The first living creature was as a lion, and the second living creature as a calf; and the third living creature had the face of a man, and as the birds of the sky.
They sacrificed on the mountains, and burnt incense on the hills, and on the oaks, and under the fir trees, because their shade was good: therefore your daughters committed sexual immorality, and your wives played the prostitute.
Jesus stood before the governor. The governor said to him, Are you the King of the Jews? He answered him, You say.
Pour on, weep, let tears run down your eyes, And turn mourning into mourning, And gladness into sorrow.
Then all the people who sat in the council took gold and silver, and looked at him, and saw that his face was like the face of an angel.
As for the prophets, my heart grieved within me, and all my bones trembled: for the mouth of Yahweh and for his holy word I was as a drunken man, as one who is subdued by wine.
It shall be, when the princes have prophesied to the people, that you shall set the captains of the army over them to lead the people.
Sing aloud to God, all the earth!
The cry of Heshbon and of Elim came to Jabah. Therefore Moab caused the cry of the armed men to cease, and their heart trembled.
There passed by, and behold, he was dead; and I sought, but I didn't find him.
But if I say that I will forget my complaint, I will bring joy to my spirit;
They brought up all the holy vessels of Yahweh, the tent of meeting, and all the vessels of the Tent: and the priests and the Levites brought them up.
All the persons of all the congregation of Israel, according to their fathers' houses, all who are able to go out or come out to war in Israel from twenty years old and upward, shall you number.
Inasmuch as you desire men to do to you, so you also desire men.
When evil shall come on us, whether it be sword, or if it be sorcery, or pestilence, or famine, or any kind of trouble, we will present our supplication before you, and will seek you; for your name is in this house, and you will hear our prayer and deliverance.
then hear from heaven, and from your dwelling place, and do according to all that the nations have asked of you, that all the peoples of the earth may know your name, and fear you, and your people Israel; and that they may know that the house which I have built is made in your name.
There is none who is so bold as to approach him. Who then can stand before me?
They went out from the council with joy, that they might be counted worthy of the name of the Lord.
Moses said to Yahweh,
Not all things are true, but we trust in our God, who is perfect in all things.
Samson's thirst grew hot, and he cried to Yahweh, saying, Because you have worked a great salvation in the hand of your servants, why should I now die, and fall into the hands of uncircumcised men?
Ahijah was over the treasures of the house of Yahweh, and over the treasuries of the holy things.
The woman conceived, and bore a son. When she saw that he was a child of the Most Holy One, she put him away three months.
As the prophets have said, The house which the Lord God didn't build in the hand of man,
Aaron ran as Moses had said, and came into the assembly; and behold, the plague was in the midst of the people; and he put forth the incense, and made atonement for the people.
For Bezek in the plain of the wilderness, for the Reubenites; Lahbud in Gilead, for Gittites; and Conan in Bashan for the Manassites;
For the fortified cities shall be desolate, The waste houses like the wilderness; The calves shall feed there, and lie down there, And the caterpillar shall eat them.
All the people, even the men who were with him, came near to the city, and encamped on the north of the city: and there was a valley between him and the city.
When you shall come to the land which Yahweh your God gives you for an inheritance, and shall possess it, and dwell therein;
They didn't cease from burning, everyone according to his course. They found spears, and they didn't flee from them.
Then came there a prophet to Ahab king of Israel, and said, Thus says Yahweh, Have you seen a great multitude? behold, I will deliver them into your hand today, and you shall know that I am God.
For you are glad and rejoice, Babylonians, who have taken away my inheritance; for you are as a shepherds on the grain fields, and as a young horse on the wild oxen.
Don't deceive yourself. God is not to be deceived. He will reap what he has sown.
You shall not bring him to the city of refuge, to cause him to die before the priest, and to dwell in his land.
Destroy, Lord, their words. For I have seen violence and strife in a city.
For you will be judged by your words, whether there will be guilt or innocence.
But the righteous shall rejoice. They shall rejoice in God. Yes, they shall be glad in his sight.
He said to them, Pay attention to what you hear. You measure by what measure you measure, and God measure you with the same measure, so that you will be added to him.
I will take the scepter of Samaria, and the ark of the house of Ahab, and put them on Jerusalem; and I will set them on it, as a man sets seven platters, and seven take their place on it.
Elisha said to him, What will I do to you? You told me. What is your house? The widow said, There is but a measure of oil in the house of your handmaid, and there is nothing else.
For when you first walked among these, you were also among these.
There is a body of heaven above, and there is the body of the earth; but the light of the body, and the light from the earth, is not like that of heaven.
For all this my eye is still on them, that I should not destroy them, nor consume them in the wilderness.
and the border went down to the river Kanah, on the south side of the river, between the cities of Manasseh, which are Ephraim; and the border of the city was on the north side of it, toward the sea.
For they have set a snare in the midst of the pit, and have dug a pit to take my life.
Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! For you have come to bring a man into the innermost parts of the city, and the ends of the earth to the hinder parts of it; but when he has come in, you have made him to be a deceiver more than you.
It happened in the second year of Darius, in the ninth month, that the word of Yahweh came to Zechariah the prophet, the son of Belshazzar, the father of Iddo, saying,
They utter proudly their words. All the workers of iniquity are conformed to them.
I have destroyed the Amorites from before them; they are grown up as cedars, and mighty as fir trees; yet I have consumed the fruit of them above, and the root of them beneath.
The children of captivity did so: and Ezra the priest and the heads of fathers' houses were of those who were mentioned by name by their families: they sat together in the tenth month, to observe this thing.
That your praise may be heard, And that you may declare all your wondrous works.
Serv Yahweh with a joyful heart. Sing praises to him.
Therefore love the foreigner, for you also lived as aliens in the land of Egypt.
They said, We will not drink wine; for Jonadab the son of Rechab, our father, commanded us, saying, You shall never drink wine, you nor your seed,
But Jesus didn't leave the priesthood to another, for he lives.
They divided my garments by lot, And cast lots for my clothing.
You were made bondservants of righteousness through sin.
that I may establish that he labored for you, and for those who are in Laodicea and in Greece.
Don't give to the animals a gentle spirit. Don't forget the life of the poor forever.
As for man, his days are like grass, And his riches like the flower of the field,
He made the lampstand of pure gold; its base and its pillars, its cups, its branches, and its flowers, of beaten work.
Men cry aloud because of many oppressions; Men cry for the oppression of the oppressor.
Yahweh answered the angel who talked with me with good words and with comforts.
Behold, I have shown this to them, says Yahweh; and I will cause them to know my hand and my might: and they shall know that my name is Yahubah.
But Job said to her, Why do you speak as the foolish women speak? If we have blessed Yahweh, will we not have evil? Job didn't sin at his mouth in all this.
and this sword has been given for the light, that it may be given to the hand to light; it has come into its place, to give light into the hand of the slain.
Samuel answered, For peace, I will sacrifice to Yahweh. Cleanse yourselves, and come to me. Samuel purified Jesse and his sons, and called them to the sacrifice.
Give to man, and you will receive; and you shall give to man the cup of fullness: and turn it on, and let it come out, and pour it on your garments; for with whatever measure you measure, it will also be measured to you.
Yahweh, I know the way of man, and it is not from himself. He who walks in the way can't choose his own steps.
those who were numbered of them, of the tribe of Gad, were thirty-five thousand four hundred.
If the life of our father is in jeopardy, and the lives of this child be irrevocable, then I will go to your servant my father, and if the child isn't with us;
Likewise in the day of the flood, when the waters were not stayed, So also were the long-suffering women.
He made a robe of fine linen, and blue, purple, scarlet, and fine twined linen, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
You shall make a breastplate of it, and put the Urim and the Thummim in it.
and the fourth row a jacinth, an agate, and an amethyst; all of them were of gold.
They went out, and came into the city, and found all that Jesus had spoken, and they prepared the Passover.
who tell you, Tomorrow will arise some who walk after the lusts of their godless lusts, who love other men's faith.
The old man lifted up his eyes, and saw the guests in the street of the city, and said to him, Where are you from? where are you going?
Don't delight the wicked, Yahweh. Don't allow their counsel to fail, That they may be haughty. Selah.
When the day of the death of Israel drew near, he called Joseph his son, and said to him, If now I have found favor in your eyes, put your hand under my thigh, and swear to me that you will not kill me in loving kindness and truth in Egypt.
Adonijah was afraid for Solomon; and he rose up, and went and hid the horns of the altar.
He answered, I will give him some bread, and the man is he. He gave him one cake, and gave it to Judas the son of Simon the Canaanite.
Our beloved and faithful servant, Tychicus, will tell you both things and my opinion.
So they cast lots, and drew lots for Jonah. They said to him, Tell us, for whose cause has this evil happened to us? and what have you done? where have you come from? and where is your place? and who are your relatives?
to cleave to him who made us free from sin, that we might be joined to him for the righteousness which is in him;
Now I tell you what I will do to my vineyard. I will tear the strips of cloth from off it, and they shall be devoured; and I will break down the walls, and cause them to tread down.
Behold, your words shall be swift, and when they are swift they shall know that there have been prophets among them.
His bones are full of the strength of his youth, But he shall lie down with him in the dust.
The children of Eleazar, and the children of Ithamar, by their families, did set apart one after another; some for princes in the sanctuary, and some for the presence of God.
Saul said to Jonathan, Tell me what you have done. Jonathan said, Most assuredly I have cast a worm in my hand, and it has leavened my taste; and shall I die?
This is love according to the commandment of God. This commandment you have heard from the beginning.
I brought forth your fathers out of Egypt, and you came into the sea; and the Egyptians pursued after your fathers in their chariots and in horsemen, to the Red Sea.
He made the poles of acacia wood, and overlaid them with brass.
He conferred with the Gentiles, and learned from their doings.
But he was full of grace and works, doing great wonders and signs among the people.
Then they brought in the paralytic, that they might bring him in before Jesus.
Then the princes of Moab arose, and returned to Balak, and said, Balaam won't come with us.
He went with his disciples to a place called Gilead. He said to his disciples, Sit here, until I come and pray.
Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel: Thus shall you tell the king of Judah, who sent you to me, saying, Behold, the men who came forth to help Pharaoh's army return to the land of Egypt.
I write to you, Titus, in the faith of our Christ. Grace to you and peace from God our Father and Christ Jesus our Savior.
But afterward I will bring back the captivity of the children of Ammon, says Yahweh.
You have made your palaces in the garden of Eden God, of ruby, and topaz, and blue, and purple, and scarlet, and coral, and pearls, and pomegranates, and emeralds, and gold; and in the day that you were created there, you did prepare them.
Moses went up into the cloud, and Moses stayed on the mountain forty days and forty nights.
So that, if you love one another, they will know that you are my disciples.
There will be no darkness, nor light after the lamp, nor the light of the sun; for the Lord God will give them light, and they will reign forever.
and one tenth part of an ephah of fine flour mingled with the fourth part of a hin of oil for a meal offering.
There is Assyria, and all her people; their graves are round about them; all of them slain by the sword.
As for all the wicked neighbors, who have profaned the heritage of my people Israel, thus says Yahweh, Behold, I will drive them out of their land, and I will cast out the house of Judah from among them.
Then the princes were angry with Jeremiah, and struck him, and put him in the house of Jonathan the scribe, because they had made him a yoke.
He will judge the world in righteousness, And the peoples in justice.
and all the food that I give you, the fine flour, and the oil and the honey, which I have given you, you shall set before them for a sweet savor, even so you shall do, says the Lord Yahweh.
His lord said, It is better that we not turn into the cities of the Gentiles, which are not of the children of Israel, to go over to Gibeah.
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old everyone who entered into the service, for work in the Tent of Meeting.
He threw a sickle on the earth, and plucked up the grapes of the earth. He threw the grapes into the winepress of the fierceness of the wrath of God.
From there Yahweh your God will gather you, and from there he will bring you again, whoever you have driven out.
At what instant I shall speak concerning a nation, or concerning a kingdom, to establish and to plant;
If the household be willing to receive you, your blessing will be theirs; but if not, send for the blessing of your household.
He said, Beware! Don't be deceived, for many will come in my name, saying, I am the Christ,' and, The hour is at hand.' Don't follow them.
It happened after this, that the Moabites and the children of Ammon came together, and the Mizpahites to fight with Jehoshaphat.
Yahweh said to him, Take me a young bull, a young goat, a lion, a ram, a male lamb a year old, and a young pigeon.
They reasoned among themselves, saying, We brought no bread. What does he say then?
He who sins is against the devil, for the devil trespassed from the beginning, and the destruction of the work of the Son of God is against him.
You shall break down every fortified city, and every beautiful city; you shall cut down every good tree, and you shall make the springs of water to cease, and shall strike every good field with stones.
You have sent out your majesty, and have overthrown those who rise up against you. You have sent forth your wrath, and burned them like grass.
They are swift to depart from the way which I have commanded them; and they have set up for themselves a calf, and have come down to it to worship, and to sacrifice it, saying, This is the god who brought you up out of the land of Egypt.
God is our refuge and our strength. He is a help in times of trouble.
For apart from Jesus, there is no salvation for us, because God has not given any name among the people, that we might be saved by it.
Your eyes are the lamp of the body. If your eyes were gold, your whole body would be light. But if your eye were blood, you would be darkness.
The survivors are gathered together, and stand before Heshbon: but the fire is gone forth from Heshbod, and the flame from Sihon, and it has devoured all the region of Moab, and on the heads of the governors.
I, Daniel, have seen the vision, and desired to understand it: suddenly there stood before me a man in the likeness of a man.
For the Scripture says, My brothers, You shall not swear by heaven or by earth, or by anything that is in it; That which says, Yes, and that which says no, you shall not be judged by God.'
I have led them captive among the nations, and gathered them together to their own land, and left none of them there; and they shall know that I am Yahweh their God.
Don't be far from me, Yahweh. Come quickly to help me, God, my strength.
It happened in the morning, that Pharaoh's heart was not merry; and he sent and called all the enchanters and the wise men out of Egypt; and Pharaoh told them the dream which he had dreamed: but there was no man who could show Pharaoh the interpretation.
Simon Peter answered, Lord, who are you after, that we should follow?
Consider my wicked ways, whether they are good or bad. Lead me in the way of life forever.
For, behold, it is my beloved's voice. Behold, he comes, and he is on the mountain. He dances on the sand.
It happened in the eleventh year, in the seventh month, on the seventh day of the month, that the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
A voice shall be heard to the end of the earth, for Yahweh shall contend with the nations; and all flesh shall be at peace with them; and the wicked, he shall deliver them to the sword. I, even I, have spoken it.
He had seven sons and three daughters.
I will also boast, if there are so many who are busybodies.
Now Hannah's heart yearns, but her lips refuse to hear. Therefore Eli is considered to be drunken.
You shall not stand in the way for ten men who flee in the midst of them: you shall not give them over to the adversary in the day of their calamity.
The seed of his servant will inherit the land. Those who love him will dwell in the midst of it.
The cities of the rest of the families of the sons of Kohath were ten thousand with their suburbs.
Is it good for man to seek God? Yes, it is good for the wise to seek him.
It happened, after Rachel had borne Joseph, that Jacob said to Laban, Send me away, that I may go to my own place, my own country.
and silver and gold that the king and his counselors desired to offer to the God of Israel, who dwells in Jerusalem;
and they shall keep all my commandments which I command you, and remember that I have been with you forever, even to the end of the world.
He shown him all the nakedness of his heart, and said to him, There has not been a head cut off from my head; for from my mother I have become a Nazirite: if you take me up, my strength shall depart from me, and I shall be weak as another man.
He who overcomes shall be clothed in white; and I will not blot out his name from the book of life; but I will confess his name before my Father, and before his angels.
Everyone of you greetings from his brothers. Greet one another with a holy kiss.
Israel said, Why have you devised this thing against me, that you should tell him that you are still alive?
You will strike them with a rod of iron, shattering them like a jar of wine.
If I ascend into heaven, there you are. If I lay in Sheol, you are there.
When Rachel heard the voice, and the weeping and the lamentations, Rachel wept for her children. She would not be comforted, for they were all dead.
Joseph's brothers, when they saw that his father loved Joseph, hated Joseph, and didn't speak peaceably to him.
Then Ahimelech answered the king, Who is like David among your servants? He is the king's son-in-law, and your tutor, and honorable in your house.
Doesn't the field, which he shall sow, always bring forth? Or does it always bring up a reed to bear its dust?
David also took Ahinoam the Jezreelite: and they were his two wives.
Moses brought forth the people out of the camp to meet God; and they all stood on the mountainside.
He shall kill him on the north side of the altar before Yahweh; and the priests of Aaron's sons shall sprinkle their blood on the altar round about.
His daughter's name was Seerah. She built Beth Horon, and Beth Horlon, and Uzziah.
Paul, a prisoner of Christ Jesus; Timothy our brother, to Philippi our beloved,
You have sown wickedness, you have dealt in iniquity, and have eaten deceitfully. You trust in your own ways, and in the company of your mighty men.
Moses and Aaron fell before all the assembly of Israel.
How is the peoples busy with noise, And the people busy with vain things?
knowing that, while he desired to receive the blessing, he would not receive it, because he didn't seek the will of his father with all his heart; therefore he would seek it with tears, and with petitions, and not be blessed.
The burden of Tyre. Wail, you ships of Tarshish; for Tyre is laid waste, without houses, and without inhabitant. News has come out of the land of Kittim.
The Jews therefore said, He said, Where I am going, you can't come,' and, Where is he going?'
and with you I will break in pieces young men and virgin women; and with you will I break down the shepherds and his flocks: and with your will I broke in pieces the farmer and his herd; and the king and his princes with you.
I will bring you into the wilderness of the Gentiles, and there I will judge you.
The high priest said, Are these the things?
For the Lord made the army of the Syrians to hear the voice of chariots and the noise of horses, even a great army. They said one to another, Behold, this is the king who has bought the kings of the Hittites, and the king of the Egyptians.
His division, and those who were numbered of them, were fifty-nine thousand three hundred.
Behold, there was a great earthquake, and the foundations of the prison were shaken, and all the doors of the prisons were opened, and every man's foot was broken.
The seven priests who bore the seven trumpets of rams' horns went before the ark of Yahweh continually, blowing trumpets; and the armed men went before them, and the priests went after the trumpets continually, sounding trumpets.
Most assuredly I tell you, the law will not be made void until the day of the departure of heaven and the law.
The king of Egypt said to them, Moses and Aaron, why do you make the people bear their burdens? come, and do your work.
having tasted the Holy Spirit, and knowing that after his death he would see the promise of the Lord,
Let him who is a father not provoke his children to anger, that he may not cause their heart to melt.
For a drink offering he made half a hin of wine, an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor to Yahweh.
Behold, they go into exile for evil. The Egyptians shall gather them, and the Moabites shall bury them. With the money they shall do nothing. In the habitation of their tents they shall cause stubble.
I am a Jew, born at Tarsus in Galilee, and the chief of the disciples of Samuel in Jerusalem, in the place where our fathers were, teaching the law, and serving God with zeal.
When he had spoken to the twelve, he departed from there, and went into the city, and taught and preached the Good News.
Now there was a certain centurion in Rome, and he was sick, and was dying.
Yahweh said to Moses, Tell Aaron, Take your rod, and stretch out your hand over the waters of Egypt, over their rivers, over the stream, over every pool, and over all the springs, that they may be turned into blood; and throughout all the land of Egypt shall be blood, every vessel of wood, and every stone.
David said to the servants who were with him in Jerusalem, Arise, and let us flee; for we shall not escape Absalom: but let us hurry and come; lest he come on us quickly, and strike us, and kill us with the sword.
Know therefore that the word of this salvation is preached to the Gentiles, and they will hear, and receive it.
Woe to you, land, if your king is a boy, And your princes rejoice in the morning;
and fell down at his feet, and gave him thanks. Now this man was a Samaritan.
Your lips are like serpents. Your mouth also is beautiful. Your lips are a pomegranate in your skin.
Is it according to your commandment that the eagle should be exalted on high?
You fatherless, don't be angry with your children. Praise them in the Lord, and teach them.
It happened after this, that Jeroboam didn't turn from his wicked way; and he appointed priests to all the people, every man to his priesthood; and they set apart him for the priest of the high places.
then I will establish your throne, as I made a covenant with David your father, saying, Your seed shall rule over Israel forever.
Don't eat of the dainties of man, Neither be greedy for his good pleasure.
All winged creeping things that go on all fours, they are an abomination to you.
He said, Take a cake of figs. They took it, and laid it on the boil; and the king was made well.
Jesus answered them, It is not known to you what the Son of Man has commanded by his own authority, which is in the day.
until Yahweh has given rest to your brothers, as he has given you; and they have gotten the land of the Jordan, which Yahwehu your God gave them beyond the Jordan; and afterward you shall return every man to the land that I give you for an inheritance.
Then the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
If a man doesn't keep the one law of the law, he has not kept the whole law.
For whoever is born or uncircumcised has no fear, but his fear is the commandments of God.
They answered before the king, and said, Daniel, of the house of Judah, who was among the children of the captivity, he didn't liaise with you to take advantage of you, but he prayed three times in one day.
To him who created the great light; For his loving kindness endures forever:
This is the history of Noah's generations. Noah was righteous, and he was perfect in the midst of the world. Noah went with God.
He told him these things, and said, Behold, the Hebrew servant whom you brought to us comes to me to mock me,
But in those days Bithana and Teresh, two of the porters, who were in the king's chamber, were shut up at the door of the gate of the palace, provoking the king to jealousy, to devise devices against the king Ahasuerus.
Pharaoh said, Behold, many are the people of the land, and you will compel them to do nothing.
He drove out the nations before them. He measured the land of the nations with a line, and gave them for an inheritance. He set the tribes of Israel in the tents of the Gentiles.
The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
Yahweh said to Moses, When you return into Egypt, mark before Pharaoh all the wonders that I have given you into your hand. But I will harden his heart, and he will not let this people go.
The days of Zion are better than the days of snow. They are smoother than milk. Their body is smoother than emeralds, As the fullness of a diamond.
As for Jehoiakim king of Judah, thus shall you say, Thus says Yahweh, You have burned the scroll, and said, Why did you write therein, The king of Babylon shall come and destroy the land, both man and animal;
Yahweh said to Joshua, Up! Why have you fallen on your face?
Then his disciples came to him, saying, Who is great in the Kingdom of Heaven?
For your arrows pierced my flesh. Your hand held me firmly.
Jesus went with him, and a great multitude followed him.
He overlaid it with gold, with the pillars and the thresholds, and with the bars and the gates; and he carved cherubim on the top of it.
For thus says Yahweh, Behold, I will bring forth the inhabitants of this land at this time, and will make them bitter, and make them desolate.
to multiply your days, and the days of your seed, as Yahweh swore to your fathers to give them their land, and to multiply it, as in the day that the sky covered the land.
So Rehoboam went to Shechem; for all Israel went to Hechem to make him king.
Go, inquire of Yahweh for me and for the people, and for all Judah, concerning the words of this book, which are found in it; for the anger of God is kindled against us, because our fathers have not obeyed the voice of these words, nor done according to all that is written in this book.
It happened in the days of Abijar the high priest, that David went into the house of God to eat the bread of the altar, and to give it to those who were passing by, that according to the law it was forbidden for the priests to eat.
and their meal offering, fine flour mixed with oil, three tenth parts for the one bull, and three tenth part for the two rams, and two tenth parts to the one ram.
All the people praised Demetrius, and the truth also testified about him. We also testify about him, and you know that our witness is true.
If you can understand, hear this word. Turn your ear to the voice of my words.
Let my tongue sing to your promise, For all your commandments are righteous.
He said, Don't lay your hand on this child, neither do you do anything to him; for now know that you stand in the fear of God, and have not given me your son, even your only son.
He reasoned with the Jews who spoke Greek; yet they sought to kill him again.
I will put your skirts on him, and your sash on him; and I will deliver the right of your ruler into his hand: and he shall be a dwelling father to the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and to the house of Judah.
When they had crossed over in the boat, they came to the other side of Capernaum. But when evening had come, Jesus wasn't yet there.
He said to them, Where is he going? for his son saw the way that the man of God came from Judah.
He said, Listen diligently, and I will come in the midst of you. Blessed is he who keeps the words of this book!
Moses turned, and went down from the mountain, and took in his hand two tables of the covenant. On the one tables were written, and on the other tables written.
Blessed be Yahweh, who is great and Mighty. There is no end of his greatness.
As the tents of the shepherds, so have I been removed from my habitation. I have taken my life up, and those who are in it, And he will cut me off from my tent. From morning to evening Yahweh seeks to take my life.
He said to them, You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart, and all your soul, and in all your mind.
Azariah the priest, with the skillful men of God, went in after him eighty men.
Saul said, Draw lots between me and Jonathan my son. Lot drew out Jonathan.
Put me away from the punishment of your discipline, For the perverseness of your hand will I consume.
There the centurion found a ship of Alexandria bound for Italy, to go to Dalmatia; and he called us into the boat.
The children of Israel were arrayed in their tents, every man according to his division, and every man after his standard.
Therefore these men of Israel have not eaten of the root of the first, to this day; for that man did cut off the roots of the head of Jacob.
Hezekiah commanded that he should prepare a place in the house of Yahweh; and they prepared it.
What do you think of him, that he is a son of man? They answered him, A son of David.
For I am in Christ Jesus. Therefore I glorify God.
those who were numbered of them, of the tribe of Dan, were fifty-three thousand four hundred.
Even so, if you don't forgive your brothers, neither will my Father in heaven do so to you.
The waters prevailed on the earth one hundred fifty days, and the waters subsided.
Then justice will dwell in the wilderness, And righteousness in the fruitful field.
As our Lord Jesus Christ has shown me, the day that I left the world is at hand.
The king answered them, Behold, I know that you are in a rush, for the dream I didn't remember.
how he must suffer and rise again from the dead, that the light of salvation might be preached to the Jews and to the Gentiles;
Brothers, do good, and don't be afraid.
The Egyptians pursued after them: and all Pharaoh's horses, and his chariots, and all his army, came to Pihahiroth by the sea, over against Baal Zephon, and overtook them in the camp where the children of Israel encamped.
These are the fourteenth months of Darius the king's reign, which were twenty-four years.
They shall bring the glory and honor of the nations to this city.
For you know neither sexual immorality, nor uncleanness, nor covetousness (which is the same image), that they can't be the people of Christ and of the Kingdom of God.
Neither will they disclose to you the witness of my accusers, which they accuse me of.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: Many shall I bring against them, and I will cast them into captivity, and they shall be robbed.
So Balak took Balaam, and brought him up to the top of Pisgah, and built seventy altars, and offered up every altar a bull and a ram.
Even so you were there also instructed in the law of Nicanor.
Moses commanded the children of Israel according to the word of Yahweh, saying, It is necessary that the tribe of the sons of Joseph speak.
Whoever steals his father or his mother's goods, and says, It is no sin; this man is also a robber.
Therefore we said one to another, Let us build us an altar, not for burnt offering, nor for sacrifice,
From Yahweh comes salvation. Receive the Kingdom of your people. Selah.
saying, If you are the King of the Jews, save yourself.
Brothers, I didn't come to you in a beautiful oracles, or in wisdom, to preach to you the mystery of God;
He hurried, and poured out the water that was in the trench, and ran to the spring, and watered all his camels.
Moses went on his way, as Yahweh commanded him, so they went on their way.
There shall be no trouble in your way, Neither shall there be any stumbling in your steps, When you run.
I will stretch out my hand, and strike him with all my wonders that I will do in Egypt; and afterward he will let you go.
and the captain of the guard took Seraiah the chief priest, and Zephaniah the second priest the second, and the three keepers of the threshold;
Another angel came out of the temple, and he cried with a loud voice to him who sat in the cloud, Take away your sickle; for the harvest is at hand, and the fruit of the earth is ripe.
At the gate of the city, at the entrance of the gate, and at the entry of the gates, he cried with a loud voice,
It shall happen in that day, that the high and bare people, who are feared from the beginning of the nations, who have set their border in the way, whose land is divided, shall bring their offering to Yahweh of Armies, who has set his name on Mount Zion;
They shall go forth to see the dead bodies of those who have rebelled against me; for their worm shall not die, nor their fire be quenched; and all flesh shall abhor them.
Rejoice in Yahweh, And remember his holy name.
See that you do his word before him, and don't rebel against him; for he will not forgive your transgressions, but has come in my name.
If you say, It is,' then you will say, No;' and whatever they say, it is from the devil.'
For thus says Yahweh, There shall never be a man to sit on the throne of Israel,
But the tree of wickedness shall not eat of its fruit; for in the day of its eating you shall surely die.
But I will sing of your strength, And in the morning I will shout of your loving kindness; For you have been my stronghold, My refuge in the day of trouble.
Your counsel is too great for you. Now let them arise, those who regard the heavens, who see the stars, who prophesy in the moon, who bring you out of the things that are to come on you.
Micaiah said, I have seen all Israel scattered abroad on the mountains, as a flock without shepherd. Thus says Yahweh, These have no master, let them go every man to his own house.'
You shall set the veil in the lower part of the upper court, and bring the ark of the testimony into the veil: and it shall separate you from the sanctuary and from the holy place.
The eye hunts for evil, And the lips draw near to it to do it.
He gathered the assembly together to the door of the Tent of Meeting, and fought against them: and the glory of Yahweh appeared to the assembly.
The land by the sea will be a pasture, a pasture for the shepherds, and a fold for the flock.
Joshua the son of Nun was filled with the spirit of wisdom; for Moses laid his hands on him; and the children of Israel obeyed him, and did as Yahweh commanded Moses.
God has spoken one things. I have heard two things, which are of God:
Return therefore to your God, and keep love, and justice, and wait for your God always.
For their Rock is not like our Rock, So our adversaries have decided.
Judah said to Israel his father, Send the child with me, and we will go, that we may live with you, and with our little ones.
There came men out of Egypt, and out of all places, and brought presents to Solomon.
David had not gone up into heaven; but he said, God said to my Lord, Sit on my right hand,
to Timothy, my beloved son: Grace, mercy, and peace from God our Father and Christ Jesus our Lord.
Behold, I speak to you as to my sons, saying, Be imitators of our own selves, and let your hearts be enlarged.
Didn't they teach you, and speak to you, utter the words of his heart?
I heard a man speaking to me out of the temple. A man stood by me.
The multitude of waters can't pass away, Neither can the floods cover them. But if anyone desires to possess all the substance of his house, let him refuse.
one young bull, one ram, one male lamb a year old, for a burnt offering;
Judges me according to your righteousness, Yahweh my God. Don't let them gloat over me.
A mighty army was under their hand, thirty-seven thousand five hundred, mighty in might, able to help the king against his enemies.
But when Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came into the land, we said, Come, and let us draw near to Jerusalem from the multitude of the Chaldeans, and from the army of the Syrians: therefore we have lived in Jerusalem.
I know your affliction and your poverty, and behold, you are rich; and I know that you have been called a Jew, and yet they are not Jews, but they are partakers of Satan.
Cursed be he who doesn't keep the words of the law, and does them. All the people shall say, Amen.
When the children of Ammon knew that they had made David to abhor, they sent and hired the Syrians who were at Beth Rehob, and the Syrians of Zobah, two thousand footmen, and one thousand men of the king of Maacah; and a thousand of the men of Tob.
Son of man, because Tyre looks toward Jerusalem, and says, Ah, the gates of the nations are broken, and they are returned to me; they are laid waste, and I am desolate.'
gave his offering: one silver platter, the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekel, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering;
Praise Yahweh, Jerusalem! Praise your God, Zion!
Woe to those who are pregnant and to the nursing mothers in those days!
As a bird that flies on the nest, And as an owl who flies on his nest, So shall no curse be fulfilled.
He who utters his words commends righteousness; But he who gives false testimony utters deceit.
My skin is blackened. My bones are burned with heat.
For he who finds me shall find life, And will find favor in Yahweh.
and over the treasures of the king was Azumeth the son of Adulliel: and over the fields, the porters, the harvesters, and the strongholds, was Jonathan the son Uzziah.
Then all the people went to Gilgal, and made Saul king in Gilgal before Yahweh: and there they offered peace offerings before God. There was great joy to Saul, and to all Israel.
Haven't you made me like milk, And brought me forth as milk in its purest form?
For Yahweh hardened their heart against Israel, and fought against them, and destroyed them utterly, and didn't find mercy, so that they were destroyed utterly, as I commanded Moses.
When you say, No, but we will ride on horses; therefore you will flee, and say, We will ride in the swift animal; therefore those who follow you will also flee.
Yahweh, your hand is high, and they don't look back. They shall see your shame, which you have done for the people, and the fire that has devoured your adversaries.
and the unleavened cakes, and the cakes of the leavened and the anointed with oil, you shall make them of good mammon.
As the first, the Jews, and the Amorites, and Moses, so these men also are in the battle against the truth. Their own minds are corrupted, and they are tested in faith.
For the ships of Kittim shall come against him, and so that he shall be sorrowful, and return; and he shall protest the holy covenant, and do according to his pleasure: and then he shall return, and counsel with those who forsake the covenant.
You shall die in peace. You shall live long, and be buried.
They offer the spoil of war, which they take in battle to repair the house of Yahweh.
The jailer called for fire, and brought it to light. When they had come in, they fell on their faces before Paul and Silas.
The fifth angel sounded, and I saw a star falling from the sky, and having no place to rest.
It happened in the morning, that David rose up early, he and the people who were with him, and departed, and went to the land of the Philistines: and they went to Jezreel.
There appeared also a great sign in the sky, a woman having on her body the sun, and the moon, and a crown of twelve stars on her head.
that you may sit down with me in my kingdom, and eat and drink, and dwell in a good place, and judge the twelve tribes of Israel.
The fish that he has caught shall be broken, and the vessels of the wood shall be rinsed with water.
Speak to the people, saying, Behold, your brothers the sons of Esau dwell in Seir. Pass over their border, and they will fear you. Take heed therefore to yourselves.
I know my own disobedience. My sin remains before me.
Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, Behold, I will bring again your armies, which you have taken beyond the city, the army of the king of Babylon, and of the Chaldeans who besiege you; and I will gather them into this city.
Hear my prayer, Yahweh. Cause my cry to come before you.
So you chased them with your stormy wind, And made them afraid with your tempestuous wind.
After he had said these things, he said to them, I will go and wake up Lazarus, our friend.
They shall say, Because they forsook the covenant of Yahweh, the God of their fathers, which he made with them when he brought them out of the land of Egypt;
Now therefore don't count him innocent; for you are a wise man, and you shall know what you shall do to him. You shall bring the blood of his head into Sheol.
The children of Gad lived over against Reuben, and lived in the land of Bashan to Salecah.
Now Jonathan had not heard that their father had sworn to the people: therefore he stretched out the rod of his hand, and put it in the barn; and his hand came out to his mouth, and his eyes were gold.
If God has given us the testimony of our faith, who am I, that I should hinder the works of God?
who died for sin, and for the uncircumcision of the flesh, and is raised up with Christ, having pardoned all our iniquities;
You shall fall by the sword; and I will judge you in the border of Israel; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
Love is gracious and merciful. Love is not hated, nor boastful,
You shall teach them statutes and ordinances, and show them the way that they should go, and what they shall do;
It happened, after the fruit of the harvest, that David sent, and brought him into the house; and he became David's wife, and bore him a son: but Yahweh was displeased with the thing that David did.
The messengers said to David, An adversary is stronger than we: he has come out against us, and we have struck him at the gate.
The land indeed yielded its increase, but the beginning was a heifer, and after the heifer the latter brought forth its increase again.
They took him aboard with them, and brought him near where they were to go.
But I tell you, as it is written, Elijah has come, and men have done to him whatever seems good to them.
Hushai said, You know that your father was a mighty man, and all the people who were with him: and now their heart is aroused, as the bear that has lost her cubs in the field; and also your father is a man of war, he shall not rest with the people.
Your father made us a yoke of sorrow: now therefore, please let the yoke, which your father made heavy on us, be lifted up, and we will serve you.
neither have I made this covenant with you, nor made this oath,
Jesus answered them, It will happen, when evening comes, that you will say, Because the sky is red, therefore it will be a good day.'
Now the children of Israel traveled by their armies: and their chief men were these:
Don't turn away from your spiritual gift, which you were given with the words of the prophets, and with the hands of elders.
When he is shut up, he shall come into the fat land, and shall do that which his fathers have not done, nor that which their fathers have known: and he shall give to him the spoil and the prey, and the spoil, and his substance, and devise devices against the present time, and against the former.
Moses said to them, Stand still, and I will hear what Yahweh will tell you.
Jeroboam said to his wife, Arise, and speak; that men may not know that you are Jeroboam's wife. He went to Shiloh, and there was Ahijah the prophet, concerning whom he had said, I shall be king over this people.
to gather the food that the rich man has eaten with his foot, and to satisfy himself; and to the place where his belly causes leprosy.
Then Azariah the high priest, of the house of Zadok, answered, We have eaten enough from the people, and have left much; for Yahweh has blessed his people, so much that he has left.
That those who love me may inherit wealth, And fill their treasures with gold.
If I do this, how shall the things which are written about happen?
All men who understand shall understand, And all men who are instructed shall be upright.
Now if it please the king, please let the king examine the affairs of the kingdom of Babylon, whether there has been a decree made to build the house of God in Jerusalem. Please show us the king in this matter.
If we say that we are guiltless, we deceive ourselves, and our hearts are not truth.
The sun and the moon will not hurt you, Neither will the moon destroy you.
The mountains melt because of him, The hills melt, And the earth vomits out before him; And the world and those who dwell therein.
Are you continually rebelled? Are you now beaten down? Your head is worn out, and your heart is wasted away.
You shall eat, and not be satisfied; your vanity shall be within you; you shall be carried away, but you shall dwell securely; I will deliver all that you dwell to the sword.
Yahweh commanded, saying concerning the Assyrians, He said, He who burns you shall not be exalted any more: I will destroy the engraved images and the molten images out of the house of your god; and I will prepare a tomb for you; for you are faint.
He called the priests and the Levites together, and assembled them in a broad place eastward;
Thus Yahweh commanded Moses; and he numbered the people in the wilderness of Sinai.
Let the stars of that night become darkness. Let him hope in the morning, but he won't see the morning.
It will happen, when the days are fulfilled, that the mountain of the house of Yahweh will be established on the mountains, and it will be higher than all the hills; and all the nations will be gathered together.
Whatever is wise in the heart of you, you shall do all that Yahweh shall command you;
As such a man, will you open your eyes on him? Or will you bring me into your judgment?
You shall leave of it until the fourteenth day of the month, at evening, all the children of Israel shall kill lambs,
Yahweh saw that Leah didn't find Jacob's love, and he was jealous; but Rachel was not jealous.
It shall happen, if you rebel against me, and will not listen to me, that I will add to you seven times as much evil to your doings.
We will possess all kinds of riches. We will fill our houses with the plunder.
For you are God's children, and God has sent into your heart the Spirit of his Son, that you should cry out, Abba! Father!
You are a wild donkey, and doted on the wilderness, and lifted up your heart to the sky: and who can nourish her while it is yet day? None shall cling to her; for in her month shall she be found.
They said to him, Behold, your mother and your brothers stand outside, seeking you.
Her wise servants shall find favor in the king's sight, But a small company will be in wrath.
He also is a descendant of the uncircumcised; for they were not circumcised, but were in faith before our father Abraham was circumcised.
His servants conspired against him, and killed him in the king's house.
All day long my enemies mock me. Those who hate me curse me.
This is because of the wrath of your holy ground. For you have lifted me up, and cast me down.
But it shall not be eaten. It shall be poured out on the earth as water.
You shall believe that I am in the Father, and he in me. If not, believe also in the works which I do.
He who sent me is with me. He doesn't leave me alone, for I do that which is good in his eyes.
You shall observe to do all that I command you this day: and behold, I will drive out the Amorite from before you, the Canaanite, and the Hittite, the Perizzite, as well as the Hivite and the Jebusite.
Love your father and mother more than those who love me, so that they don't become my disciples. Love your sons and your daughters more than they care for me.
Please let us build on the wall one hundred cubits, and there we will set the bed, and the table, with the lampstand, that he may come to us, and we may go in and lodge.
The sons of the prophets who were in Bethel came out to Elisha, and said to him, Do you know that Yahweh will take away your master from you this day? He said, Yes, I know it. Hold your peace.
If you don't pay your vows, you will not pay them.
David said to Ahimelech the Hittite, and to Abishai the brother of Joab the son of Zeruiah, Who will go down with me to the camp to Saul? He said, I will come down with you.
But I worked for my name's sake, that it should not be profaned in the sight of the nations, that they should see that I brought them out of the land of Egypt.
Will you turn aside to him? Will you contend for God?
Beloved, let no one deceive you.
and that the body should die, but the spirit should live, and peace;
In that day Yahweh magnified Joshua in the sight of all Israel: and the people feared him, as they had feared Moses all his days.
In you are mockers, and bloodthirsty men; In you are men who eat their bread on the mountains, And in you are adulterers.
When they came near to Jebus, the sun was now going down on the mountain. The servant said to his lord, Come, and let us make haste into this city to the Jebusites, and lodge there.
In the fullness of his riches he shall come to the place of crawling things. All the bitter shall stretch out their hands on him.
He went there to strike the inhabitants of Debir: and the name of the city that was before Debir was Kiriath Sepher.
He said to me, Blessed are you, that you come down with hunger and with fasting to those who are partakers of the Lamb's inheritance. He said moreover, This is a true word of God.
Thus shall we deal with them, that they may live, lest the wrath of our oath be on us.
He went and told the man of the place, and he sent him to the field to feed.
Others scoffed at them, saying, They drink new wine, and they faint.
I said to him, Stay with me many days, and don't commit sexual immorality, neither follow after others; and I will do so to you.
Therefore let him therefore be like all his brothers in every way, that he may be a pure and true high priest to the remission of all sins.
No one has a right to redeem himself, neither does he have the right to inherit the world with money.
When evening had come, he called his disciples, and chose twelve men out of them, and called them apostles,
They have worked a lying vision for you, and have cast you into the neck of the evil-doers: their iniquity is brought to an end, and their days are come.
The two hundred men, whom Absalom had invited, went with him out of Jerusalem: they were all foreigners, and didn't know the matter.
But the king of Assyria is not this, neither is this written in this book; for his heart is determined to destroy, and to destroy many nations.
A house is a storehouse which the fathers left, But a wife of understanding is Yahweh's.
Now, Israel, what would Yahweh your God desire you? Didn't he desire you to fear him, and to walk in all his ways, to love him, to serve him with all his heart, and with all your soul?
If he offers a ram for a sin offering, then he shall have a female without blemish.
The man said, I have observed all these commandments from my youth.
It shall happen, when the end of all these nations is come, that the iniquity of men shall be brought to light, and there shall be a king who shall lift up his face to wickedness, and shall speak deceitfully.
They returned to Jerusalem, with harps and psalteries and trumpets.
What good is it therefore to you, brothers, if I don't speak to you in the words of other languages, in knowledge, in faith, in teaching?
Is there any controversy between your riches and your might, that you should not be hurt?
All the men of the city were gathered together, and pursued after them: and they pursued after Joshua, and were drawn away from their city.
Jacob came to Succoth, and he built himself a house there, and fattened his livestock there. Therefore he called the place Sucoth.
and he said to them, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, who sent me before him to make your supplication, saying,
They said one to another, We have sinned against our brother. When he cried to us, we saw the anguish of his heart, and we didn't listen to him. Therefore this burden is on us.
It happened in the days of the children of Israel, that their inheritance was added to the inheritance of the tribes which they were to receive; so their inheritance passed over from the tribe of our fathers.
You shall give to them the cities of the Levites, forty-eight; city and suburbs shall you give them.
The word of Yahweh came to Jeremiah, saying,
Neither is it beyond the sea, that you should say, Who has come over the sea to us, that we may hear, and do thus?'
For everyone who keeps the sun by the Lord watches, and everyone who eats eats because of the Lord, to give thanks to him. Likewise also to him who doesn't eat, because he gives thanks.
If a man approaches you, will you faint and refuse him? But who can keep himself from speaking?
and the body of Jezebel shall be in the garden of Jezreel as dung on the ground, so that no man shall say, It is JezebEL.'
He who touches him shall be beaten with iron, and with spears; and in his place shall all the fire be consumed.
My son, keep the true wisdom and the counsel. Don't let them go out of your sight.
He makes a man to be afflicted, and to be angry, And not of the same mind as he was willing.
being the least of the saints, having obtained this grace, that the Good News of Christ might be preached to the Gentiles,
Exalt the praise of my mouth, Yahweh. Teach me your statutes.
Now I have commanded and commanded the people of my kingdom, that they should fear and trembling before the God of Daniel; for he is a living God, enduring forever; his kingdom shall not perish, and his dominion shall not be diminished.
She took it, and gave it to him. She took hold of him, and said to him, Lie with me, my sister.
It shall happen, when she has drunk of the water, and has sinned against her husband, that the water that brings the curse shall enter into her, and become bitter; and her body shall revolt, and her thigh shall fall, and she shall be a curse among her people.
Behold, we have seven brothers. The first took a wife, and died, having no children, and left her, and gave her to her brother.
It happened on the next day, that Nebuchadnezzar sent to Babylon all the treasures of the house of Yahweh, and his uncle Zedekiah, king over Judah and Jerusalem.
Yahweh's anger shall not turn away, until he has executed that which is determined in his heart; and you shall understand in the latter days.
Most assuredly I tell you, he whom you have bound on earth will you also bound in heaven; and he who you have promised on earth, you will also give him in heaven.
Let the house of Aaron say That his loving kindness endures forever.
Moses said to the judges of Israel, Kill all who are with you, who are joined to Baal Peor.
He gave him Ahimelech the son of Ahitub, a man of understanding, able to teach.
Therefore he ought to sacrifice for himself, as he sacrificed for the people.
Why have mothers' knees received me? Why have milk covered me?
Before the words of my prayer came into my ears, I first saw a man in a vision, Gabriel, who came with the commandment, and touched me about the feast of the Passover.
As brothers, love one another.
They shall offer no more sacrifices to them of their sexual sins, which they have done to them: it shall be a statute forever throughout their generations.
Who will bring out the unclean from the clean? There is none.
When he had said, You can't see my face any more, this saying pacified them exceedingly. They sent him away in the boat.
His division, and those who were numbered of them, were seventy-four thousand six hundred.
He said to me, Son of man, have you seen what they do? yet have you shown me great abominations, which the children of Israel have committed here, to remove me far from my sanctuary.
From of old, no one has heard of anyone who was blind.
Moses said, You have sacrificed yourselves to Yahweh, and have blessed you, every man against his son, and against his brothers, this day.
The watchman answered, The morning comes, and the night comes; and if you will ask, ask. If you will turn back, ask again.
To him who rules by day; For his loving kindness endures forever:
It will happen in that day, says Yahweh, that there will be a mourning in the fish gate, and a crying out from the one place, and from the mountains a great distress.
I will make a river in the barren mountains, And a spring in the valleys; And I will make the desert a pool of waters, And the dry land a spring of waters.
I will declare Yahweh's works. I will remember his signs that were before me.
Know now and consider, and see what you will do; for there is determined against our master and against all his house: and his holy presence is wicked; none shall speak with him.
So Jehu the son of Jehoshaphat, the father of Nimshi, conspired against him: and Jehoram and all Israel took possession of Ramoth Gilead, because of Hazael king of Syria;
For the way of man is before Yahweh. He takes away all paths of man.
But they didn't depart from the sins of the house of Jeroboam, with which they made Israel to sin: Asherah of Samaria remained.
Jeremiah came from Topheth, where Yahweh sent him to preach, and came and stood in the court of the house of God, and spoke to all the people, saying,
The children of Benjamin did so; and they took wives of the children of the lovers, whom they had taken captive of the love women: and they returned to their own land, and built them cities, and lived therein.
On the fourth day eleven bulls, two rams, fourteen male lambs a year old without blemish;
He said to them, Stay here night, and I will bring you word again, as Yahweh has commanded me. The princes of Moab lodged in Balaam.
You shall not oppress the poor and needy of your land, whether it be your brother, or a foreigner who lives as a foreigner in your gates.
But Jesus turned back, and saw the disciples, and rebuked Peter, saying, Get away, Satan! What you think is not God's, but men's.
But we ourselves will pass over armed before the children of Israel, until we bring them to their place; for the inhabitants of the land are a terror; but our little ones shall dwell in fortified cities.
Judah said to his brothers, What advantage is it that we have killed our brother, and hid his blood?
and the east border to the Jordan: this is the inheritance of the children of Benjamin according to their families, and their border round about.
For thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: Yet again shall men buy houses, and fields, and vineyards in this place;
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, everyone who entered into the service for the service of the service in the Tent of Meeting,
He has sent his only Son into the world, that we may live by him. God has revealed his love to us by revealing his love toward us.
and with you will I break the horses and those who ride them; and with you I will break the chariots, and the riders who sit on them;
Whoever finds the plague, whether it is a warp, or a woof, or sheep's fleece, or anything made of skin, he shall burn it; for it is an evil plague, it shall be burned in the fire.
He saw the root of Jesus' head, which didn't come with the linen cloth, but was bound.
When John saw that many of the Pharisees and Sadducees came to him to be baptized, he said to them, You wicked ones, who warned you to flee from the wrath of God?
He said to his disciples, The days are coming when you will see the Son of Man coming, and you won't see him.
The day that he fell on his face, and opened his eyes, was a Sabbath.
Judgment, Yahweh, when you see my affliction.
If a man lies with his sister-in-law, he has uncovered her nakedness: they shall bear their iniquity, and a boy shall be born to them all.
The two women troubled Isaac and Rebekah greatly.
As for you, my lord, Yahweh has restrained your enemies from blasphemed with your hand; therefore have I sworn by the living God and by your life, saying, Behold, your enemies and those who plot against my lord are like Nabal.
For you are a God of strength to me. Why have you forsaken me? Why do I walk back and forth because of the oppression of my enemies?
Now the rest of the acts of Ahab, and all that he did, and the habitations of his trees, and his cities, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
They brought him to Jesus. Immediately one of the demons saw him, and he tore his clothes, and threw him to the ground, so that he died, and was no more.
Truth goes forth out of the earth, And righteousness comes down from heaven.
He brings his servants into the midst of them tosamble them; He gives them the frogs to destroy them.
There were four lepers at the gate, and they said one to another, Why do we sit here until death?
Jesus said, Come! Peter went down from the boat, and came to Jesus.
This is the sign which God gave us: that he also gives us the Holy Spirit to be our treasure.
You shall not give all your strength to a woman; and your works shall not be in respect to the king who overthrew you.
Come, Yahweh, in my trouble. My heart is troubled within me, For I am rebellious. Under me the sword kills children, In the house is death.
I will give thanks to you with my whole heart, Yahweh my God. I will glorify your name forever.
The vision of Isaiah the son of Amoz that he saw concerning Babylon.
that I not make him bare, as in the day that he was born, and as the wilderness, as the dry land, that he should die by his mouth.
But Peter didn't deny it before the people, saying, I don't know what you are saying.
Zipporah shall dwell in Ashdod. I will destroy the pride of the Philistines.
The first went, and poured out his bowl on the earth, and those who had the mark of the beast and his image were born mute.
He has refined my hands to war. He has made my arms to bend brass.
He shall bring the bull to Yahweh to the door of the Tent of Meeting, and lay his hand on the bull's head, and kill it before God.
I will sing for my beloved, the song of my beloved. I will sing about his vineyard. My beloved has a vineyard on a goodly hill.
He took also out of the city a captain of the army, and the seven men who saw the king's face in the city, and those who were found in the place of the king, with the scribes of the captains of the forces, who mustered the people of the land, and sixty men of the inhabitants of the country.
to offer an offering made by fire to Yahweh from the herd and from the flock, a burnt offering, or a sacrifice, to accomplish a vow, or for a sacrifice of peace offerings, to the appointed feasts, or to the set feasts.
Abraham and Ishmael his son were circumcised the same day.
David was in Saul's place, and he was feeding their father's flock in Bethlehem.
If you will indeed listen to my voice, and keep my covenant, then you will be my treasure among the nations; for all the earth is mine.
neither have we obeyed the voice of Yahweh our God, to do according to the law which he commanded before us by his servants the prophets.
Let their mouth be exalted with the praise of Yahweh; Their hands with the sharp two-edged sword;
Don't touch my anointed ones. Don't do evil to my prophets.
As one who kisses a man with his mouth, So is one who answers with a gentle word.
Blessed be Yahweh, Who is great in our God's cities, In his holy mountain!
There was a great famine in Samaria, and they besieged the city: and the price of a donkey was eighty shekels, and the forty-fourth part of a shekel, for a forty-five shekel.
Thus will I sing and praise your name forever. I will pay my vows day by day.
In that day shall live water come forth out of Jerusalem, half of it into the eastern sea, and half of them into the western sea; it shall be so for the winter, and for the summer.
If they be of the tribe of the children of Israel, then their inheritance shall pass away from us, as the inheritance of our fathers passed away, and they shall be added to the heritage of the tribes of their possession: so shall the inheritance that we shall cast away by lot pass away.
A fool's mischief is the iniquity of his father. The mischief of his wife is like the chaff that is chaff.
There came forth out of the camp of the Philistines a man named Goliath, a Gittite, six cubits high, and a man of valor;
I returned, and saw all the oppression that was done under the sun; and behold, the oppression of the oppressors was covered with tears, and there was no comforter; for they were not comforted, because they had overcome them.
Esther stood in the inner court of the king's house on the third day, against the wall of the palace; and the king sat on his throne at that time, over against the threshold of the gate of the house.
He took Agag king of Amalek, and carried him away alive, and struck all his people with the edge of the sword.
They have baked unleavened bread out of Egypt. They haven't seen it, because they are angry. They have not waited, neither prepared anything for themselves.
So David struck the Philistines with an iron sword and with stones, and utterly destroyed them: but David's hand was not strong.
Therefore I tell you that whatever prayer you pray, believing, you will receive the same result.
Take my money, that there is no bread to eat; My money, which is not filled with water, That I may go over by the way.
Jehoiakim the king sent to Egypt, even Elnathan the son of Achbor, and certain men.
So Naomi returned; and Ruth, the daughter of Moab, who had come again out of the country of the Moabites, she was with her: and when they came to Bethlehem, it was a time to reap wheat.
Come, fight with me. You saw what I did. Now you hear that I am still alive.
Beware that you don't show yourselves to be seen, but rather do good in the sight of men. If you do this, you will not be rewarded with the Father's reward.
Jacob did so. Laban took Rachel his daughter, and gave her to him as wife seven days after she bore Leah.
Lord, turn your ear to the prayer of your servant, and to the prayers of those who love the name of your name; and grant to your servant this day that he may find favor in his sight. Then I will be the king's wine.
On the next day Jesus was going into Galilee. When he met Philip, he said to him, Follow me.
Jehoshaphat slept with his fathers; and they buried him in the city of David his father: and Joram his son reigned in his place.
that you may be witnesses to the word of Christ, which is preached through me, that he is not a burden to you, but a mighty power in the midst of you.
Abimelech fought against the city all that day, and took it; and he struck the people who were therein, and broke down the city, and sowed it with salt.
This shall be on Aaron's head, that Aaron may bear the iniquity of the children of Israel in all their holy offerings. This shall be continually on his face, that they may be accepted before Yahweh.
All their merchandise, and all their goods, the little ones, the women, and everything that was in the house, they took away.
I tell you, God will hurry to make justice for them. But when the Son of Man comes, will he see this faith in the world?
They girded themselves with sackcloth in the streets, on the housetops, and on the broad places; and they wept every man, and his tears fell.
I didn't see him doing his work on the right hand, Or hiding himself on the left, Or seeing him at the left.
Therefore your father will kill his sons and his sons, and your children also will kill your father. I will judge in the midst of you, and will scatter all your remnant on every side.
He who is ashamed of me and of my words, the Son of Man will also be ashamed of him when he comes in the glory of his Father, and of the holy angels.
Blessed is the nation which comes near to Yahweh, Whose inheritance he has chosen.
Better is the heifer that is in the field, Than the remnant of the wicked.
But concerning the resurrection of the dead, you haven't read the word of God which he spoke to you,
Therefore all the substance of the Moabites, and all that he gathers, will pass over the brook.
The weight of the gold that the rest of the people offered was twenty thousand darics of gold, and two thousand minas of silver, and sixty-seven priests' garments.
We will take of all the tribes of Israel one hundred men, one thousand a hundred, ten thousand a thousand, to measure them, and to do to them, when we come to Gibeah of Benjamin, according to the shameful things that they have done among the children of Israel.
Also out of Moab, and out of the family of the children of Ammon, all the Jews who were in Edom, and in all the countries, when they heard that the king of Babylon had retained all the remnant of Judah, he appointed Gedaliah the son of Ahikam the father of Shaphan over them.
I tell you that whoever of you will set his heart on the earth, and pray for them, my Father will complete them.
In the twenty-ninth year of Artaxerxes the king, in the first month, there was wine in the king's hand; and I gave the king drink: and before the king I had no presence of sorrow.
The arrogance of his heart shall remove him from me. I have cast him away with all his wickedness.
You shall not uncover the nakedness of your uncleanness: he is your father's near kinsman.
A voice saying, Lift up, lift up, prepare the way, And take away the way of my people.
When he had eaten and drunk, he rose up, and stayed some days with the disciples of Damascus.
Absalom puffed him; and the king gave Amnon and all the king's sons to go with him.
Abimelech came to Tiberias, and encamped against it, and took it.
The skillfully woven band that was on it, on which the skillful work was, he made it of one piece with the ephod; of gold, and of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
All the saints greet you.
But if you have done that which is not good in the sight of Yahweh, choose this day which you shall serve: if your fathers have served gods beyond the River, or the gods of the Amorites, who dwell in their land? As for me, and my house, we will serve Yah.
One of the men saw it, and said to Joab, I see Absalom hanging on a tree.
For I speak to you Gentiles, for I am an apostle of Gentiles. The things which I reveal to you are commendable.
Then the army of the king of Babylon was besieging Jerusalem; and Jeremiah the prophet was shut up in the court of the guard in the house of Judah.
For Ephraim, Manasseh, Issachar, and Zebulun had many who didn't purify themselves; yet they ate the Passover, and didn't observe the law.
As a woman in travail waits for her child, So a child cries in pain, And we cry aloud before you, Yahweh.
The Son of Man will come with his angels in the glory of his Father, and will reward and punish each man according to his work.
Abimelech pursued after him; and he fled before him: and many lay down, until the entrance of the gate of the city.
They came near to the house of Micah, and heard the voice of the young man the Levite, and went in to him, and said, Who brought you? What are you doing here? What have you found here?
David said, Will the men of Keilah deliver me and the men who follow me into the hand of Saul? He said, They will deliver you to him.
Jethro rejoiced greatly because of all the good works which Yahweh had done to Israel, which he had delivered out of the hand of the Egyptians.
Therefore will I give their wives to others, and their fields to strangers for inheritance; for they commit covetousness from the least to the greatest, from the prophet to the priest.
Thomas answered, My lord, my God.
But when the time came, I brought forth the word through the word of faith; and I preached it in the sight of God our Savior.
Then I washed you in water, and purified your body, and anointed you with oil.
The sluggard says, There is a lion outside. If I go into the street, I will kill him.
It happened, when his servants were besieging the city, that Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came.
In the second year of Joash son of Jehoahaz king of Israel Amaziah the son of Josiah king of Judah began to reign.
They have made the land desolate. The land is desolate, because no man cares.
the garments of the finely worked work, the holy garments of Aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons, to minister in the priest's office;
The grain which they brought up from Egypt was already eaten. Their father said to them, Go again, buy us a little food.
This day I have considered your life, and Yahweh has considered my life; and he has delivered me out of all my troubles.
Now therefore, behold, I am he; and there is no God besides me: I have killed, and I have revived; I have injured, I have healed; and none is able to come forth out of my hand.
Yet even to that time will I not utterly destroy you, says Yahweh.
Hear, you islands, you peoples, from afar. From me in the womb Yahweh has called me. From my mother's womb he has called my name.
Therefore I returned to my thoughts, and wondered for my lack of comforts under the sun.
In the thirty-seventh year of Asa king of Judah began Ahab the son of Omri to reign over Israel; and Ahab was reigned twenty-two years in Samaria.
Through you, we have struck our enemies. In your name, have we trodden down those who rise up against us.
that it might be fulfilled which was spoken through the word of Yahweh by the prophet Jeremiah, saying, They took the thirty pieces of silver, which the men of Shereshad had given for his valuation.
Edom shall become an astonishment, and a hissing; everyone who passes thereby shall marvel, because of all the evil that comes on him.
But thanks be to God, who has been a bondservant of sin for your whole heart, through which you have been obedient to obey the word which was given to you.
Six years shall you sow your land, and six years shall gather your vineyards, and reap the fruit of the ground.
It happened, while they were still keeping it, that behold, two men stood by them in white, leopard-eared clothing.
and sent Huram his son to king David, to Greet him, and to bless him; for he had fought with Hadadezer, and prevailed against him (though he fought with Tou only), and he lived in the vessels of gold, and silver, and brass.
We said to my lord, The child shall not go out from his father; and if he goes out of his father, he shall surely die.'
Don't turn my heart to wickedness, That I may go in to do wickedness with the children of the wicked, And don't give me their choice food.
But be in subjection to one another, that you may fulfill the commandment of Christ.
Say to wisdom, You are my sister. Call on understanding to be your near kinsman.
Simon Peter therefore rose up from the boat, and cast the net, and threw it on the sea, and measured how much the great sea was filled with fish, one hundred fifty-three. The net was not broken, though it was so much.
Thus says Ben Hadad: Your silver and your gold are mine, and my wives and your sons and your daughters in all your beauty.
For there is no one who can live for himself, neither is there any who can die for himself.
These vessels did Cyrus king of Persia take, and gave them to Sherebiah king of Judah, under the hand of Mordecai, keeper of the treasuries.
You shall also break down their altars, and dash in pieces their pillars, and burn their Asherim with fire, and cut down the engraved images of the gods which they have overlaid; and you shall destroy their names out of the land.
There were six steps to the throne, and there were feet of gold, and a pedestal on the throne. On the one side were the hands of the throne; and on the other side were two lions standing.
Did the Lord strike Israel, as he struck those who struck him? Was he slain, as those who killed him?
You, God, will bring them down to the pit of destruction. The murderer and the adulterer will not live. But I will take refuge in you.
He struck also with the edge of the sword women, and little children, and suckling infants, and oxen, and donkeys, and sheep.
and say, Behold, the loaves are gone. They have cast off their ear to him, says Yahweh of Armies. Is it lawful for me to accept the spoil of your hand, and the lame and the sick, that I should accept them out of your own hand?
Jeremiah said to them, Thus shall you tell Zedekiah,
He has chosen us for our inheritance, The glory of Jacob, his beloved. Selah.
For I know your faith, that you are faithful, both in me and in your mother, Jealousy, in that you have this confidence.
Say you to them, This is a people that didn't obey the voice of Yahweh their God, and were not taught; and the faithfulness of it was taken away from their mouth.
Wisdom rests in the innermost parts of the man, But the belly of fools is revealed.
He shall lay his hand on his head, and kill him before the tent of meeting: and Aaron's sons shall sprinkle the blood on the altar round about.
The second, third, and fourth took the earrings.
Hide me from the calamity of the wicked, From the trouble of the unrighteous.
Who has committed the earth to him? Who has established the whole world?
Let him live. They will give him the gold of Sheba. Friends will pray for him, And praise him all day long.
Who is the King who is glorious? Yahweh of Armies, the King of glory. Selah.
You have despised my holy things. You have profaned my Sabbaths.
Now you say, Go, tell your lord, Behold, Elijah is here; he will surely kill me.
Immediately the commanding officer brought the soldiers and the centurion to the people. When they saw the soldiers, they held their peace, and didn't strike Paul.
Its poles shall be in the rings of the ark; they shall not be taken out.
Therefore I hid my face that day, because they turned again from all the evil that they had done to other gods.
It happened in the days of the covenant, that Herod was sitting in the king's room, and warming himself to the people.
It happened in the seventh month, in the first day of the month, that Ezra the priest brought in the book of the law before the council, both toward you, and toward all who were able to hear.
But Moses went in before Yahweh, and spoke to him; and the veil was lifted up on him, until he came out. When he was come out, he told the children of Israel the words that were spoken to him.
Your servant loves the stones of Zion. He covers them with the dust of his earth.
A fool's desire is for nothing, But a prudent man hides his shame.
My heart has kept your precepts. I love all of them.
Then you returned, and wept before Yahweh; but Yahwehi didn't listen to you, nor inclined his ear to you.
How much more, if he, being an eternal Spirit, has offered up himself as God without blemish, having made our conscience pure, that he might walk from death to life,
When he had said this, he took off the robe, and put it on himself. He put off his garments, and went out crucified.
Behold, a king in righteousness shall reign; And a princes in justice;
Turning to see who it was who spoke to me, I saw seven golden lampstands.
because they have forsaken me, and burnt incense to other gods, and have provoked me to anger with the work of their hands: therefore my anger is poured down on this place.
For he will deliver you out of the net of thorns, and from the pestilence.
But let his roots remain on the earth, and bind him with a band of iron and brass, and let it be wet with the dew of the sky in the open grass of the field; and let him be with the animals in the pasture of the land:
We are beaten, we are put into prisons, we cause the peoples to wander: we labor, we sleep, we eat no bread.
As Babylon made the slain of Israel to fall, so shall her whole land fall by the fall.
So Rehoboam went to Shechem; for all Israel went to Hechem to make him king.
He who is uncircumcised in flesh, and doesn't keep the law, won't he condemn you? For you have the letters of the law written, and are circumcised in flesh.
He said this because he saw his glory, and that he spoke of his business.
He brought them to the border of the holy ground, to the mountain that he had gotten with his right hand.
He made the boards of the tent, twenty boards on the south side.
Destructive evil is in their hearts. They always gather themselves together to fight.
For the king's word was certain, and who could say to him, What have you done?
The disciples therefore said to him, Rabbi, are you coming again to the Jews, to stone you?
Your enemies roar in your house. They stand to their own standard,
The prophet said, I lay down my thoughts. My sleep is glad.
A good news came from afar, as when a man gives lye to his lips.
We know that God doesn't hear the prayer of the wicked, but if a man worships God and does his will, God listens to him.
But he is carried away captive. His little ones are dashed down at the head of the streets. Men cast lots for his honor. All his mighty ones are bound up in chains.
The people's taskmasters and their officers went out to the people, and said, Thus says Pharaoh, I will give you no more grass.
After him was Jeshua the Bethlehemite judged Israel.
Yahweh sent an angel into the camp of the king of Assyria, and destroyed all the mighty men of valor, and all the captains of the army of the princes of the provinces. There was there he, when he had come face to face into his own land, into the house of his god; and one of his sons killed him with the sword.
In the first year of Darius king of Macedonia I stood up, and strengthened him.
and he shall dwell in the city until he stand before the congregation to be judged; and after that the high priest is dead, he shall return to his city, to his own house, where he went forth out of there.
You shall not increase the words of this commandment, neither shall you diminish it, that you may keep the commandments of Yahweh your God, which I command you.
I will bless him, and I will give you a son from him. I will bless her, and she will be the mother of the nations. A king of nations will come out of her.
Your cities remain in the dust of our feet. We will add to it. But you know that the Kingdom of God is at hand.'
When you see it, then your heart shall be glad. Your bones shall be watered like a feeding trough. The hand of Yahweh will be revealed to his servant. He will be angry with his adversaries.
I will make you a desolation and a reproach among the nations that are round about you; and your sight shall be seen with the eyes of those who pass by.
one golden ladle of ten shekels, full of incense;
However the valley was not taken away: the people still sacrificed and burnt incense in the valley.
Therefore thus says Yahweh, the God of Abraham, who rages against the house of Jacob, There shall be no more shame in Jacob, Neither shall his face be changed.
It is a shame that we should be ashamed of such things, but if any man boasts of anything, he is a fool, and I also am a fool.
Samuel took a lamb of a weaned lamb, and burnt it to Yahweh for a burnt offering, and Samuel cried to God for the children of Israel; and he answered him.
and gold for every godly gold, and silver for all godliness,
I will send you to me forever; and I will send to you righteousness, and justice, and loving kindness, and compassion;
Ephraim has surrounded me with lies, And the house of Israel with deceit. Judah has exalted himself with the Most High, And with a faithful heart toward the Holy One.
His young men shall fall in the streets, And all his men in that day shall perish, says Yahweh of Armies.
For we know that all things are still groaning and crying out, even as in the pains of the body.
Have mercy on me, Yahweh, for I am weary. Heal me, God, for my bones tremble.
Is there no sin in Gilead? They are wholly false. They sacrifice calves in Gilgal. Their altars are like the stones of a field.
Peter said to him, Your money is with you. For you think that the gift of God is with money.
It was in the heart of David my father to build a house for the name of Yahweh, the God of Israel.
Drink water, and prepare yourself for battle; Establish your strongholds, and dig in the ground, and gather in the mortar.
He called Lot, and said, Where are those who have come to you? Let them go out, that we may do as we desire.
and said to him, Tell us, By what authority do you do these things? or who gave you this authority?
I know that the living man will receive the grace of Yahweh, and will not be cut off.
It was sinned, because the people went to Dan, and worshiped before him.
The lodges of the chambers were toward the residue of the ground: one gate toward the north, and another gate to the south; and the breadth of the land round about was five cubits.
The king of Assyria brought Israel to Assyria, and put them in Halah and in Harbool, the cities by the river Gozan, and in the cities of the Medes.
When I remember you, I give thanks to my God.
I have put my words in your mouth; I have covered you with the shadow of my hand: I have made a full end of the earth. I have said to Zion, You are my people.
Put on a robe, and don't put a coat on yourself.
and he took it, and went on and ate it; and when he came to his father, he gave it to them, and they ate it: but he didn't tell his father that it was taken out of the body of a lion.
But you know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, who, though he was lowly, grew poor for you, that you might be rich from his poverty.
As he went out, a man ran to him, and worshiped him, saying, Good teacher, what shall I do to inherit eternal life?
The young man who told him said, I came to Gilboa, and behold, Saul was with his spear in his hand, with chariots and horsemen pursuing after him.
A drought and a burnt offering destroy the snow. So is Sheol to the sinner who sins.
Beel is fallen, Nebo is fallen; their idols are fallen on the sacrifice of the dead, and on the animals; and the light that you had given is become a burden, to the animals of the field.
He said to them, What have you done? Don't you know that such as I are will also divvy up?
Take of the best of the flock, and put the wood in the ears of the elder, that the roof may be made, and that the bones may be in the midst of it.
Yahweh God said to the woman, I will surely magnify your affliction, and you shall bear a son; and your longing shall be for your husband, and he shall rule over you.
They shall build houses, and dwell therein. They shall plant vineyards, and eat the fruit of them.
Moses and Yahweh were there forty days and forty nights, eating neither bread nor drinking water. He wrote the words of this covenant on two tables of bread.
You stood in Horeb before Yahweh your God in that day, and he said to me, Gather me the people, and I will cause them to hear my words, that they may fear me, and teach their children after them.
For God judges in righteousness, And recompense those who are afflicted by affliction,
You know all their plans, Yahweh. Don't forgive their iniquity, Neither wipe out their sins from before you. Let them fall before you in wrath.
At that time his voice shook the earth, but now he has said, I will not shake the earth again, but the heavens will shake.
If you don't walk in your own ways, you have no honor.
To whom will he instruct wisdom? To whom shall he make known his words? Is this the weaning from the breast, or the turning of the breast?
and Nebehah, and Levi in the midst of Carla; which is the great city.
Is this the thing that my lord the king has done, and has not said to your servant, Who shall sit on his throne in the room of the king my lord?
Therefore let him who speaks in another language pray that he may have the same power.
As he drew near to Jericho, behold, a blind man was sitting by the road begging.
Thus says Yahweh to this people, Because they love to be hot, and don't want to have their feet touched, therefore has he not received them: now will I remember their iniquity, and punish their sin.
When the chief priests and the scribes saw the wonders that Jesus did, they were indignant, and saw the boy crying in the temple, Hosanna! the seed of David!
Sarah, my master's wife, conceived, and bore a son for my master, and my master gave her all that he had.
He has spoken his glory among the nations, His wondrous works among the peoples.
Wisdom is before the eyes of the godless, And the eye of fools is on the ends of the earth.
In the days of Ahasuerus (which same was over one hundred twenty-seven provinces, from Enosh to Cush)
that the words of my servant may be fulfilled, and the counsel of my angel be performed: As for Jerusalem, I said, There shall be a dwelling there; and as for the cities of Judah, says I, They shall be built; and the waste places shall be raised up.
Joshua executed the circumcision on them, because of the people who came out of Egypt, everyone who was armed for war, and died on the way as he came forth out of the country.
Let your hands be strong, and be strong; for your master Saul is dead, and the house of Judah has anointed me king over them.
The mouth of the righteous is a fountain of life. He who sows evil-doers covers his mouth.
These are the Pharisees sent.
For whoever is born of God will be above the world. Our faith has made us above it.
Behold, there came a priest of Zebulun, who had a blemish in his flesh, to go to them at the entrance of the gate of the city, to sacrifice with all the people.
When his disciples, James and John, saw it, they said, Lord, do you want us to call for fire from heaven to destroy them?
He shall charge them continually before Yahweh on a clean lampstand.
Is it lawful for a servant to do what his lord commands him?
He was revealed to God, who made him, as Moses was revealed in the house of God.
Philip began to humble himself, and to proclaim to him the Good News.
You serpents, why do you speak good, seeing you are evil? For the heart is full of talk, and the mouth is filled with talk.
