his splendor is like the sunrise . rays shine from his hand where his power is hidden .
someone told jacob and said behold your son joseph comes to you and israel strengthened himself and sat on the bed .
for i will give you a mouth and wisdom which all your adversaries will not be able to withstand or to contradict .
if your brother the son of your mother or your son or your daughter or the wife of your bosom or your friend who is as your own soul entice you secretly saying let us go and serve other gods which you have not known you nor your fathers
when did we see you sick or in prison and come to you '

when she recognized peter 's voice she did n't open the gate for joy but ran in and reported that peter was standing in front of the gate .
joshua said hereby you shall know that the living god is among you and that he will without fail drive out from before you the canaanite and the hittite and the hivite and the perizzite and the girgashite and the amorite and the jebusite .
but on the next day they left the horsemen to go with him and returned to the barracks .
there shall be no yeast seen with you in all your borders seven days neither shall any of the flesh which you sacrifice the first day at even remain all night until the morning .
jesus said to him today salvation has come to this house because he also is a son of abraham .
all the kings of the earth sought the presence of solomon to hear his wisdom which god had put in his heart .
yet a little while and the world will see me no more but you will see me . because i live you will live also .
and for the sacrifice of peace offerings two oxen five rams five male goats and five male lambs a year old . this was the offering of eliab the son of helon .
then they laid their hands on them and they received the holy spirit .
the seven angels who had the seven trumpets prepared themselves to sound .
moses said to aaron take your censer and put fire therein from off the altar and lay incense thereon and carry it quickly to the congregation and make atonement for them for there is wrath gone out from yahweh the plague is begun .
the king said let him turn to his own house but let him not see my face . so absalom turned to his own house and did n't see the king 's face .
but his face fell at that saying and he went away sorrowful for he was one who had great possessions .
surely you shall not come into the land concerning which i swore that i would make you dwell therein save caleb the son of jephunneh and joshua the son of nun .
and when we cried to yahweh he heard our voice and sent an angel and brought us forth out of egypt and behold we are in kadesh a city in the uttermost of your border .
but there shall be no more gloom for her who was in anguish . in the former time he brought into contempt the land of zebulun and the land of naphtali but in the latter time he has made it glorious by the way of the sea beyond the jordan galilee of the nations .
for his eyes are on the ways of a man he sees all his goings .
it happened that the beggar died and that he was carried away by the angels to abraham 's bosom . the rich man also died and was buried .
they when they heard it were glad and promised to give him money . he sought how he might conveniently deliver him .
blessed shall you be in the city and blessed shall you be in the field .
but the queen vashti refused to come at the king 's commandment by the chamberlains therefore was the king very angry and his anger burned in him .
so that i come again to my father 's house in peace and yahweh will be my god
every male among the priests shall eat of it it is most holy .
in this love has been made perfect among us that we may have boldness in the day of judgment because as he is even so are we in this world .
who also made us sufficient as servants of a new covenant not of the letter but of the spirit . for the letter kills but the spirit gives life .
he shall not honor his father or mother . ' you have made the commandment of god void because of your tradition .
david did as god commanded him and they struck the army of the philistines from gibeon even to gezer .
we being jews by nature and not gentile sinners
but if he shall make them null and void after that he has heard them then he shall bear her iniquity .
according to the foreknowledge of god the father in sanctification of the spirit that you may obey jesus christ and be sprinkled in his blood grace to you and peace be multiplied .
let your father and your mother be glad let her who bore you rejoice
behold this is the joy of his way out of the earth shall others spring .
he does n't withdraw his eyes from the righteous but with kings on the throne he sets them forever and they are exalted .
david abode in the wilderness in the strongholds and remained in the hill country in the wilderness of ziph . saul sought him every day but god did n't deliver him into his hand .
there were beams in three rows and window was over against window in three ranks .
appoint for you three men of each tribe and i will send them and they shall arise and walk through the land and describe it according to their inheritance and they shall come to me .
the earth will stagger like a drunken man and will sway back and forth like a hammock . its disobedience will be heavy on it and it will fall and not rise again .
therefore seeing we have this ministry even as we obtained mercy we do n't faint .
they shall bring all your brothers out of all the nations for an offering to yahweh on horses and in chariots and in litters and on mules and on dromedaries to my holy mountain jerusalem says yahweh as the children of israel bring their offering in a clean vessel into the house of yahweh .
when the servant of the man of god was risen early and gone forth behold an army with horses and chariots was round about the city . his servant said to him alas my master how shall we do
jesus said to him because you have seen me you have believed . blessed are those who have not seen and have believed .
all vision has become to you like the words of a book that is sealed which men deliver to one who is educated saying read this please and he says i ca n't for it is sealed
speak also to the children of israel saying most assuredly you shall keep my sabbaths for it is a sign between me and you throughout your generations that you may know that i am yahweh who sanctifies you .
then king david sent and fetched him out of the house of machir the son of ammiel from lo debar .
unless those days had been shortened no flesh would have been saved . but for the sake of the chosen ones those days will be shortened .
also hosah of the children of merari had sons shimri the chief for though he was not the firstborn yet his father made him chief
for the kingdom of god is not in word but in power .
to the beloved apphia to archippus our fellow soldier and to the assembly in your house
and have cast their gods into the fire for they were no gods but the work of men 's hands wood and stone therefore they have destroyed them .
he made from one blood every nation of men to dwell on all the surface of the earth having determined appointed seasons and the boundaries of their dwellings
because they have forsaken me and have burned incense to other gods that they might provoke me to anger with all the work of their hands therefore my wrath shall be kindled against this place and it shall not be quenched .
mordecai told him of all that had happened to him and the exact sum of the money that haman had promised to pay to the king 's treasuries for the jews to destroy them .
all the presidents of the kingdom the deputies and the satraps the counselors and the governors have consulted together to establish a royal statute and to make a strong interdict that whoever shall ask a petition of any god or man for thirty days save of you o king he shall be cast into the den of lions .
yahweh god said behold the man has become like one of us knowing good and evil . now lest he put forth his hand and also take of the tree of life and eat and live forever ...
and take double money in your hand and take back the money that was returned in the mouth of your sacks . perhaps it was an oversight .
furthermore my son be admonished of making many books there is no end and much study is a weariness of the flesh .
we inform the king that if this city be built and the walls finished by this means you shall have no portion beyond the river .
but abishai the son of zeruiah helped him and struck the philistine and killed him . then the men of david swore to him saying you shall go no more out with us to battle that you do n't quench the lamp of israel .
moab has been at ease from his youth and he has settled on his lees and has not been emptied from vessel to vessel neither has he gone into captivity therefore his taste remains in him and his scent is not changed .
immediately all the multitude when they saw him were greatly amazed and running to him greeted him .
all were weeping and mourning her but he said do n't weep . she is n't dead but sleeping .
we are orphans and fatherless our mothers are as widows .
yahweh spoke to moses and to aaron saying
gaal the son of ebed said who is abimelech and who is shechem that we should serve him is n't he the son of jerubbaal and zebul his officer serve you the men of hamor the father of shechem but why should we serve him
for herod feared john knowing that he was a righteous and holy man and kept him safe . when he heard him he did many things and he heard him gladly .
but they insisted saying he stirs up the people teaching throughout all judea beginning from galilee even to this place .
when evening came he went out of the city .
she said to the king it was a true report that i heard in my own land of your acts and of your wisdom .
the multitude therefore that was with him when he called lazarus out of the tomb and raised him from the dead was testifying about it .
it grew great even to the army of the sky and some of the army and of the stars it cast down to the ground and trampled on them .
with great power the apostles gave their testimony of the resurrection of the lord jesus . great grace was on them all .
according to the tenor of the law which they shall teach you and according to the judgment which they shall tell you you shall do you shall not turn aside from the sentence which they shall show you to the right hand nor to the left .
then you will understand righteousness and justice equity and every good path .
the nations were angry and your wrath came as did the time for the dead to be judged and to give your bondservants the prophets their reward as well as to the saints and those who fear your name to the small and the great and to destroy those who destroy the earth .
and ramoth with its suburbs and anem with its suburbs
when he had come into the house the blind men came to him . jesus said to them do you believe that i am able to do this they told him yes lord .
but it happened that when sanballat heard that we were building the wall he was angry and took great indignation and mocked the jews .
samson said to them if you do after this manner surely i will be avenged of you and after that i will cease .
tax collectors also came to be baptized and they said to him teacher what must we do
there assembled at jerusalem much people to keep the feast of unleavened bread in the second month a very great assembly .
every creeping thing that creeps on the earth is an abomination . it shall not be eaten .
if he dedicates his field from the year of jubilee according to your valuation it shall stand .
this is the offering of aaron and of his sons which they shall offer to yahweh in the day when he is anointed the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour for a meal offering perpetually half of it in the morning and half of it in the evening .
the high priest stood up and said to him have you no answer what is this that these testify against you
now when they heard this they were cut to the heart and said to peter and the rest of the apostles brothers what shall we do
woe to the wicked disaster is upon them for the deeds of his hands will be paid back to him .
one has committed abomination with his neighbor 's wife and another has lewdly defiled his daughter - in - law and another in you has humbled his sister his father 's daughter .
oil for the light spices for the anointing oil and for the sweet incense
moses charged the people the same day saying
remember this and show yourselves men bring it again to mind you transgressors .
it was so when midday was past that they prophesied until the time of the offering of the evening offering but there was neither voice nor any to answer nor any who regarded .
the people murmured against moses saying what shall we drink
she said no one lord . jesus said neither do i condemn you . go your way . from now on sin no more .
it will happen afterward that i will pour out my spirit on all flesh and your sons and your daughters will prophesy . your old men will dream dreams . your young men will see visions .
it was so that as often as the king went into the house of yahweh the guard bore them and brought them back into the guard chamber .
let us fear therefore lest perhaps a promise being left of entering into his rest anyone of you should seem to have come short of it .
i will call for a sword against him to all my mountains says the lord yahweh every man 's sword shall be against his brother .
all the trees of the field shall know that i yahweh have brought down the high tree have exalted the low tree have dried up the green tree and have made the dry tree to flourish i yahweh have spoken and have done it .
you have taken away all your wrath . you have turned from the fierceness of your anger .
when the chief baker saw that the interpretation was good he said to joseph i also was in my dream and behold three baskets of white bread were on my head .
therefore god also highly exalted him and gave to him the name which is above every name
from the daughter of zion all her majesty is departed her princes are become like harts that find no pasture they are gone without strength before the pursuer .
grace to you and peace be multiplied in the knowledge of god and of jesus our lord
yahweh showed me four craftsmen .
he began to speak to them in parables . a man planted a vineyard put a hedge around it dug a pit for the winepress built a tower rented it out to a farmer and went into another country .
the plans of the diligent surely lead to profit and everyone who is hasty surely rushes to poverty .
he answered him unbelieving generation how long shall i be with you how long shall i bear with you bring him to me .
but your little ones that you said should be a prey them will i bring in and they shall know the land which you have rejected .
let these words sink into your ears for the son of man will be delivered up into the hands of men .
when the almighty scattered kings in her it snowed on zalmon .
he said to abram know for sure that your seed will live as foreigners in a land that is not theirs and will serve them . they will afflict them four hundred years .
whoever remains in him does n't sin . whoever sins has n't seen him neither knows him .
therefore do n't be anxious for tomorrow for tomorrow will be anxious for itself . each day 's own evil is sufficient .
now when i had returned behold on the bank of the river were very many trees on the one side and on the other .
asher did n't drive out the inhabitants of acco nor the inhabitants of sidon nor of ahlab nor of achzib nor of helbah nor of aphik nor of rehob
to cleanse the house he shall take two birds and cedar wood and scarlet and hyssop .
you can catch a lizard with your hands yet it is in kings ' palaces .
and the best seats in the synagogues and the best places at feasts
then david inquired of yahweh yet again . yahweh answered him and said arise go down to keilah for i will deliver the philistines into your hand .
and thus the secrets of his heart are revealed . so he will fall down on his face and worship god declaring that god is among you indeed .
and hukok with its suburbs and rehob with its suburbs
he feeds on ashes a deceived heart has turned him aside and he ca n't deliver his soul nor say is there not a lie in my right hand
when he had said this he showed them his hands and his feet .
he stayed yet another seven days and sent forth the dove and she did n't return to him any more .
on the eighth day he sent the people away and they blessed the king and went to their tents joyful and glad of heart for all the goodness that yahweh had shown to david his servant and to israel his people .
hear another parable . there was a man who was a master of a household who planted a vineyard set a hedge about it dug a winepress in it built a tower leased it out to farmers and went into another country .
therefore i beg you to take some food for this is for your safety for not a hair will perish from any of your heads .
even so ought husbands also to love their own wives as their own bodies . he who loves his own wife loves himself .
how weak is your heart says the lord yahweh seeing you do all these things the work of an impudent prostitute
a man shall be satisfied with good by the fruit of his mouth . the work of a man 's hands shall be rewarded to him .
righteousness guards the way of integrity but wickedness overthrows the sinner .
in the morning you shall say would it were even and at even you shall say would it were morning for the fear of your heart which you shall fear and for the sight of your eyes which you shall see .
then they asked him who is the man who said to you take up your mat and walk '
for even in thessalonica you sent once and again to my need .
he who receives a prophet in the name of a prophet will receive a prophet 's reward and he who receives a righteous man in the name of a righteous man will receive a righteous man 's reward .
then i will also walk contrary to you and i will strike you even i seven times for your sins .
his name shall be called in israel the house of him who has his shoe untied .
if a man lies carnally with a woman who is a slave girl pledged to be married to another man and not ransomed or given her freedom they shall be punished . they shall not be put to death because she was not free .
in that day you will say give thanks to yahweh call on his name . declare his doings among the peoples . proclaim that his name is exalted
now the rest of the acts of jeroboam and all that he did and his might how he warred and how he recovered damascus and hamath which had belonged to judah for israel are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of israel
he plots iniquity on his bed . he sets himself in a way that is not good he does n't abhor evil .
in that day i will raise up the tent of david who is fallen and close up its breaches and i will raise up its ruins and i will build it as in the days of old
therefore you shall no more see false visions nor practice divination . i will deliver my people out of your hand and you shall know that i am yahweh .
now absalom in his lifetime had taken and reared up for himself the pillar which is in the king 's dale for he said i have no son to keep my name in memory and he called the pillar after his own name and it is called absalom 's monument to this day .
the words of a gossip are like dainty morsels they go down into a person 's innermost parts .
then the people of the land took jehoahaz the son of josiah and made him king in his father 's place in jerusalem .
then will i pluck them up by the roots out of my land which i have given them and this house which i have made holy for my name will i cast out of my sight and i will make it a proverb and a byword among all peoples .
for we did not follow cunningly devised fables when we made known to you the power and coming of our lord jesus christ but we were eyewitnesses of his majesty .
he said to him son you are always with me and all that is mine is yours .
but god chose the foolish things of the world that he might put to shame those who are wise . god chose the weak things of the world that he might put to shame the things that are strong
however the son by the handmaid was born according to the flesh but the son by the free woman was born through promise .
the crown of pride of the drunkards of ephraim will be trodden under foot .
now it fell on a day that jonathan the son of saul said to the young man who bore his armor come and let us go over to the philistines ' garrison that is on yonder side . but he did n't tell his father .
in the beginning god created the heavens and the earth .
they said to him thus says hezekiah this day is a day of trouble and of rebuke and of rejection for the children are come to the birth and there is not strength to bring forth .
so moses wrote this song the same day and taught it the children of israel .
going on from there he saw two other brothers james the son of zebedee and john his brother in the boat with zebedee their father mending their nets . he called them .
how are the mighty fallen in the midst of the battle jonathan is slain on your high places .
the nazirite shall shave the head of his separation at the door of the tent of meeting and shall take the hair of the head of his separation and put it on the fire which is under the sacrifice of peace offerings .
in their sight shall you bear it on your shoulder and carry it forth in the dark you shall cover your face that you do n't see the land for i have set you for a sign to the house of israel .
i love yahweh because he listens to my voice and my cries for mercy .
and they mourned and wept and fasted until even for saul and for jonathan his son and for the people of yahweh and for the house of israel because they were fallen by the sword .
he gave them into the hand of the nations . those who hated them ruled over them .
now the rest of the acts of manasseh and all that he did and his sin that he sinned are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of judah
adah gave birth to jabal who was the father of those who dwell in tents and have livestock .
between the chambers was a breadth of twenty cubits round about the house on every side .
in that hour jesus said to the multitudes have you come out as against a robber with swords and clubs to seize me i sat daily in the temple teaching and you did n't arrest me .
huram continued blessed be yahweh the god of israel that made heaven and earth who has given to david the king a wise son endowed with discretion and understanding that should build a house for yahweh and a house for his kingdom .
now the rest of the acts of josiah and all that he did are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of judah
then came the word of yahweh to samuel saying
let all things be done decently and in order .
the lords of the philistines came up to her and said to her entice him and see in which his great strength lies and by what means we may prevail against him that we may bind him to afflict him and we will each give you of us eleven hundred pieces of silver .
he followed her immediately as an ox goes to the slaughter as a fool stepping into a noose .
my soul shall boast in yahweh . the humble shall hear of it and be glad .
then they said what shall be the trespass offering which we shall return to him they said five golden tumors and five golden mice according to the number of the lords of the philistines for one plague was on you all and on your lords .
the same day did the king make the middle of the court holy that was before the house of yahweh for there he offered the burnt offering and the meal offering and the fat of the peace offerings because the brazen altar that was before yahweh was too little to receive the burnt offering and the meal offering and the fat of the peace offerings .
arrogant speech is n't fitting for a fool much less do lying lips fit a prince .
moreover he built cities in the hill country of judah and in the forests he built castles and towers .
though he is fruitful among his brothers an east wind will come the breath of yahweh coming up from the wilderness and his spring will become dry and his fountain will be dried up . he will plunder the storehouse of treasure .
as it is written there is no one righteous . no not one .
his malice may be concealed by deception but his wickedness will be exposed in the assembly .
so they went up and spied out the land from the wilderness of zin to rehob to the entrance of hamath .
then let our faces be looked on before you and the face of the youths who eat of the king 's dainties and as you see deal with your servants .
yahweh is gracious merciful slow to anger and of great loving kindness .
joseph arose from his sleep and did as the angel of the lord commanded him and took his wife to himself
all the days of his separation he shall eat nothing that is made of the grapevine from the seeds even to the skins .
he made two golden rings for it under its molding crown on its two ribs on its two sides for places for poles with which to carry it .
praise him all his angels praise him all his army
was n't it told my lord what i did when jezebel killed the prophets of yahweh how i hid one hundred men of yahweh 's prophets by fifty in a cave and fed them with bread and water
in that same hour jesus rejoiced in the holy spirit and said i thank you o father lord of heaven and earth that you have hidden these things from the wise and understanding and revealed them to little children . yes father for so it was well - pleasing in your sight .
and the pattern of all that he had by the spirit for the courts of the house of yahweh and for all the surrounding rooms for the treasuries of the house of god and for the treasuries of the dedicated things
you shall roast and eat it in the place which yahweh your god shall choose and you shall turn in the morning and go to your tents .
they have seen falsehood and lying divination who say yahweh says but yahweh has not sent them and they have made men to hope that the word would be confirmed .
yet i had planted you a noble vine wholly a right seed how then are you turned into the degenerate branches of a foreign vine to me
therefore judge nothing before the time until the lord comes who will both bring to light the hidden things of darkness and reveal the counsels of the hearts . then each man will get his praise from god .
the heaved thigh and the waved breast they shall bring with the offerings made by fire of the fat to wave it for a wave offering before yahweh and it shall be yours and your sons ' with you as a portion forever as yahweh has commanded .
some also there were that said we are mortgaging our fields and our vineyards and our houses let us get grain because of the dearth .
every man 's holy things shall be his whatever any man gives the priest it shall be his .
this also would be an iniquity to be punished by the judges for i should have denied the god who is above .
on the tenth day of this seventh month you shall have a holy convocation and you shall afflict your souls you shall do no manner of work
a certain beggar named lazarus was laid at his gate full of sores
jesus said to her woman what does that have to do with you and me my hour has not yet come .
for the children of israel shall abide many days without king and without prince and without sacrifice and without sacred stone and without ephod or idols .
the door for the middle side chambers was in the right side of the house and they went up by winding stairs into the middle story and out of the middle into the third .
now the chief priests and the pharisees had commanded that if anyone knew where he was he should report it that they might seize him .
when i wept and i fasted that was to my reproach .
and said to them you shall not bring in the captives here for you purpose that which will bring on us a trespass against yahweh to add to our sins and to our trespass for our trespass is great and there is fierce wrath against israel .
if you shall say in your heart these nations are more than i how can i dispossess them
they having heard the king went their way and behold the star which they saw in the east went before them until it came and stood over where the young child was .
praise yahweh sing to yahweh a new song his praise in the assembly of the saints .
he said if the syrians be too strong for me then you shall help me but if the children of ammon be too strong for you then i will help you .
though men be risen up to pursue you and to seek your soul yet the soul of my lord shall be bound in the bundle of life with yahweh your god and the souls of your enemies them shall he sling out as from the hollow of a sling .
for if i would desire to boast i will not be foolish for i will speak the truth . but i refrain so that no man may think more of me than that which he sees in me or hears from me .
how much worse punishment do you think will he be judged worthy of who has trodden under foot the son of god and has counted the blood of the covenant with which he was sanctified an unholy thing and has insulted the spirit of grace
all the oxen for the burnt offering twelve bulls the rams twelve the male lambs a year old twelve and their meal offering and the male goats for a sin offering twelve
i know your works behold i have set before you an open door which no one can shut that you have a little power and kept my word and did n't deny my name .
thus did moses as yahweh commanded him so did he .
they brought seven bulls and seven rams and seven lambs and seven male goats for a sin offering for the kingdom and for the sanctuary and for judah . he commanded the priests the sons of aaron to offer them on the altar of yahweh .
and it shall be with him and he shall read therein all the days of his life that he may learn to fear yahweh his god to keep all the words of this law and these statutes to do them
but jesus said to him leave the dead to bury their own dead but you go and announce the kingdom of god .
they took the coat of many colors and they brought it to their father and said we have found this . examine it now whether it is your son 's coat or not .
they scoff and speak with malice . in arrogance they threaten oppression .
let those who seek after my soul be disappointed and brought to dishonor . let those who plot my ruin be turned back and confounded .
even now behold my witness is in heaven . he who vouches for me is on high .
i think it right as long as i am in this tent to stir you up by reminding you
for as the body apart from the spirit is dead even so faith apart from works is dead .
then saul arose and went down to the wilderness of ziph having three thousand chosen men of israel with him to seek david in the wilderness of ziph .
when she saw that she was steadfastly minded to go with her she left off speaking to her .
for this ointment might have been sold for much and given to the poor .
now my god let i beg you your eyes be open and let your ears be attentive to the prayer that is made in this place .
zedekiah was twenty - one years old when he began to reign and he reigned eleven years in jerusalem and his mother 's name was hamutal the daughter of jeremiah of libnah .
the sun and moon stood still in the sky at the light of your arrows as they went at the shining of your glittering spear .
for you both had compassion on me in my chains and joyfully accepted the plundering of your possessions knowing that you have for yourselves a better possession and an enduring one in the heavens .
forty years old was i when moses the servant of yahweh sent me from kadesh barnea to spy out the land and i brought him word again as it was in my heart .
then our sons will be like well - nurtured plants our daughters like pillars carved to adorn a palace .
he said to her if they only bind me with new ropes with which no work has been done then shall i become weak and be as another man .
then he touched their eyes saying according to your faith be it done to you .
he took the people and divided them into three companies and laid wait in the field and he looked and behold the people came forth out of the city he rose up against them and struck them .
so they went with the guard and made the tomb secure sealing the stone .
but philip was found at azotus . passing through he preached the good news to all the cities until he came to caesarea .
for the far part of the tent westward you shall make six boards .
because it has been granted to you on behalf of christ not only to believe in him but also to suffer on his behalf
for when we were in the flesh the sinful passions which were through the law worked in our members to bring forth fruit to death .
this is the portion of a wicked man with god the heritage of oppressors which they receive from the almighty .
speak to the children of israel and tell them when you come into the land which i give you then the land shall keep a sabbath to yahweh .
when the demon was cast out the mute man spoke . the multitudes marveled saying nothing like this has ever been seen in israel
he who rejects me and does n't receive my sayings has one who judges him . the word that i spoke the same will judge him in the last day .
for then i will purify the lips of the peoples that they may all call on the name of yahweh to serve him shoulder to shoulder .
notwithstanding no devoted thing that a man shall devote to yahweh of all that he has whether of man or animal or of the field of his possession shall be sold or redeemed every devoted thing is most holy to yahweh .
therefore tell the house of israel thus says the lord yahweh i do n't do this for your sake house of israel but for my holy name which you have profaned among the nations where you went .
the rain came down the floods came and the winds blew and beat on that house and it did n't fall for it was founded on the rock .
and one loaf of bread one cake of oiled bread and one wafer out of the basket of unleavened bread that is before yahweh .
moses and eleazar the priest did as yahweh commanded moses .
therefore will i save my flock and they shall no more be a prey and i will judge between sheep and sheep .
he shall kill the male lamb in the place where they kill the sin offering and the burnt offering in the place of the sanctuary for as the sin offering is the priest 's so is the trespass offering . it is most holy .
and the lamp of god had n't yet gone out and samuel had laid down to sleep in the temple of yahweh where the ark of god was
the world ca n't hate you but it hates me because i testify about it that its works are evil .
abram moved his tent and came and lived by the oaks of mamre which are in hebron and built an altar there to yahweh .
joshua took makkedah on that day and struck it with the edge of the sword and the king of it he utterly destroyed them and all the souls who were therein he left none remaining and he did to the king of makkedah as he had done to the king of jericho .
elkanah her husband said to her hannah why weep you and why do n't you eat and why is your heart grieved am i not better to you than ten sons
but if you will go do valiantly be strong for the battle god will cast you down before the enemy for god has power to help and to cast down .
let my lips utter praise for you teach me your statutes .
their horses also are swifter than leopards and are more fierce than the evening wolves . their horsemen press proudly on . yes their horsemen come from afar . they fly as an eagle that hurries to devour .
therefore the anger of yahweh was kindled against this land to bring on it all the curse that is written in this book
and tell them thus says yahweh of armies the god of israel behold i will send and take nebuchadnezzar the king of babylon my servant and will set his throne on these stones that i have hidden and he shall spread his royal pavilion over them .
all the nations are like nothing before him . they are regarded by him as less than nothing and vanity .
moses and aaron and the princes of the congregation numbered the sons of the kohathites by their families and by their fathers ' houses
he was teaching in one of the synagogues on the sabbath day .
he gives great deliverance to his king and shows loving kindness to his anointed to david and to his seed forevermore .
they watched him and sent out spies who pretended to be righteous that they might trap him in something he said so as to deliver him up to the power and authority of the governor .
the bones of joseph which the children of israel brought up out of egypt buried they in shechem in the parcel of ground which jacob bought of the sons of hamor the father of shechem for a hundred pieces of money and they became the inheritance of the children of joseph .
for you are a holy people to yahweh your god yahweh your god has chosen you to be a people for his own possession above all peoples who are on the face of the earth .
but god is the judge . he puts down one and lifts up another .
after this abraham buried sarah his wife in the cave of the field of machpelah before mamre that is hebron in the land of canaan .
do n't let riches entice you to wrath neither let the great size of a bribe turn you aside .
they ate and were filled . they took up seven baskets of broken pieces that were left over .
therefore i consider all of your precepts to be right . i hate every false way . pey
now brace yourself like a man . i will question you and you will answer me .
my soul is weary of my life i will give free course to my complaint . i will speak in the bitterness of my soul .
in that day you will ask in my name and i do n't say to you that i will pray to the father for you
then the congregation shall judge between the striker and the avenger of blood according to these ordinances
for now we live if you stand fast in the lord .
it shall be square and folded double a span shall be its length of it and a span its breadth .
but where shall wisdom be found where is the place of understanding
because of the chaldeans for they were afraid of them because ishmael the son of nethaniah had killed gedaliah the son of ahikam whom the king of babylon made governor over the land .
though i am righteous my own mouth shall condemn me . though i am blameless it shall prove me perverse .
for in your eating each one takes his own supper first . one is hungry and another is drunken .
then he brought me back by the way of the outer gate of the sanctuary which looks toward the east and it was shut .
do n't rejoice o philistia all of you because the rod that struck you is broken for out of the serpent 's root an adder will emerge and his fruit will be a fiery flying serpent .
he settled his gaze steadfastly on him until he was ashamed and the man of god wept .
their eyes were opened . jesus strictly charged them saying see that no one knows about this .
now i beg you brothers by our lord jesus christ and by the love of the spirit that you strive together with me in your prayers to god for me
you shall not be scared of them for yahweh your god is in the midst of you a great and awesome god .
he is yahweh our god . his judgments are in all the earth .
these uncovered her nakedness they took her sons and her daughters and her they killed with the sword and she became a byword among women for they executed judgments on her .
how long shall i take counsel in my soul having sorrow in my heart every day how long shall my enemy triumph over me
as it is taken off of the ox of the sacrifice of peace offerings . the priest shall burn them on the altar of burnt offering .
thus said yahweh go down to the house of the king of judah and speak there this word
you shall also make a basin of brass and the base of it of brass in which to wash . you shall put it between the tent of meeting and the altar and you shall put water in it .
then i went on to the spring gate and to the king 's pool but there was no place for the animal that was under me to pass .
david said as yahweh lives yahweh will strike him or his day shall come to die or he shall go down into battle and perish .
now the rest of the acts of rehoboam and all that he did are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of judah
i will for this afflict the seed of david but not forever .
nor filthiness nor foolish talking nor jesting which are not appropriate but rather giving of thanks .
he who gives answer before he hears that is folly and shame to him .
every garment and every skin whereon the semen is shall be washed with water and be unclean until the evening .
in the multitude of words there is no lack of disobedience but he who restrains his lips does wisely .
he said to them an enemy has done this . ' the servants asked him do you want us to go and gather them up '
all the cities of the children of aaron the priests were thirteen cities with their suburbs .
he has made the earth by his power he has established the world by his wisdom and by his understanding has he stretched out the heavens
do n't be afraid of the king of babylon of whom you are afraid do n't be afraid of him says yahweh for i am with you to save you and to deliver you from his hand .
you shall do no manner of work it is a statute forever throughout your generations in all your dwellings .
they are of the world . therefore they speak of the world and the world hears them .
i will cut off all the horns of the wicked but the horns of the righteous shall be lifted up .
thus says yahweh of armies i am jealous for zion with great jealousy and i am jealous for her with great wrath .
and i will give you the treasures of darkness and hidden riches of secret places that you may know that it is i yahweh who call you by your name even the god of israel .
the testimony is this that god gave to us eternal life and this life is in his son .
for this is even from israel the workman made it and it is no god indeed the calf of samaria shall be broken in pieces .
for there are many words that create vanity . what does that profit man
blessed be yahweh your god who delighted in you to set you on his throne to be king for yahweh your god because your god loved israel to establish them forever therefore made he you king over them to do justice and righteousness .
why cry you for your hurt your pain is incurable for the greatness of your iniquity because your sins were increased i have done these things to you .
is not this david of whom they sang one to another in dances saying saul has slain his thousands david his ten thousands
he looks at the earth and it trembles . he touches the mountains and they smoke .
now it happened in the seventh month that ishmael the son of nethaniah the son of elishama of the seed royal and one of the chief officers of the king and ten men with him came to gedaliah the son of ahikam to mizpah and there they ate bread together in mizpah .
lift up your eyes round about and see they all gather themselves together they come to you your sons shall come from far and your daughters shall be carried in the arms .
the leper in whom the plague is shall wear torn clothes and the hair of his head shall hang loose . he shall cover his upper lip and shall cry unclean unclean '
thus did moses and aaron and all the congregation of the children of israel to the levites . according to all that yahweh commanded moses concerning the levites so the children of israel did to them .
whose confidence shall break apart whose trust is a spider 's web .
when he had destroyed seven nations in the land of canaan he gave them their land for an inheritance for about four hundred fifty years .
behold this day your eyes have seen how that yahweh had delivered you today into my hand in the cave and some bade me kill you but my eye spared you and i said i will not put forth my hand against my lord for he is yahweh 's anointed .
and to have authority to heal sicknesses and to cast out demons
also we made ordinances for us to charge ourselves yearly with the third part of a shekel for the service of the house of our god
paul went down and fell upon him and embracing him said do n't be troubled for his life is in him .
i asked him the second time what are these two olive branches which are beside the two golden spouts that pour the golden oil out of themselves
yes he loads the thick cloud with moisture . he spreads abroad the cloud of his lightning .
when some of both the gentiles and the jews with their rulers made a violent attempt to mistreat and stone them
but if they will not pass over with you armed they shall have possessions among you in the land of canaan .
therefore thus says yahweh concerning the prophets who prophesy in my name and i did n't send them yet they say sword and famine shall not be in this land by sword and famine shall those prophets be consumed .
he who loves purity of heart and speaks gracefully is the king 's friend .
he shall enter also into the glorious land and many countries shall be overthrown but these shall be delivered out of his hand edom and moab and the chief of the children of ammon .
but as for me this secret is not revealed to me for any wisdom that i have more than any living but to the intent that the interpretation may be made known to the king and that you may know the thoughts of your heart .
so i bought a belt according to the word of yahweh and put it on my waist .
moreover yahweh said to me in the days of josiah the king have you seen that which backsliding israel has done she is gone up on every high mountain and under every green tree and there has played the prostitute .
for god knows that in the day you eat it your eyes will be opened and you will be like god knowing good and evil .
for whom he foreknew he also predestined to be conformed to the image of his son that he might be the firstborn among many brothers .
also thus said the king blessed be yahweh the god of israel who has given one to sit on my throne this day my eyes even seeing it .
furthermore you have sent for men who come from far to whom a messenger was sent and behold they came for whom you did wash yourself paint your eyes and deck yourself with ornaments
tell them as i live says yahweh surely as you have spoken in my ears so will i do to you
but now i am going to him who sent me and none of you asks me where are you going '
all the people answered together and said all that yahweh has spoken we will do . moses reported the words of the people to yahweh .
then the king of israel called all the elders of the land and said please notice how this man seeks mischief for he sent to me for my wives and for my children and for my silver and for my gold and i did n't deny him .
when the morning stars sang together and all the sons of god shouted for joy
therefore their inhabitants had little power . they were dismayed and confounded . they were like the grass of the field and like the green herb like the grass on the housetops and like a field before its crop has grown .
dominion and fear are with him he makes peace in his high places .
abijah joined battle with an army of valiant men of war even four hundred thousand chosen men and jeroboam set the battle in array against him with eight hundred thousand chosen men who were mighty men of valor .
and you detest them . you shall not eat of their flesh and you shall detest their carcasses .
so david gave to ornan for the place six hundred shekels of gold by weight .
remember your word to your servant because you gave me hope .
saying i will declare your name to my brothers . in the midst of the congregation i will sing your praise .
and the priest shall burn them on the altar for an offering made by fire to yahweh it is a trespass offering .
you son of man prophesy to the mountains of israel and say you mountains of israel hear the word of yahweh .
i struck you with blight and mildew many times in your gardens and your vineyards and your fig trees and your olive trees have the swarming locust devoured yet you have n't returned to me says yahweh .
then those who feared yahweh spoke one with another and yahweh listened and heard and a book of memory was written before him for those who feared yahweh and who honored his name .
come up to me and help me and let us strike gibeon for it has made peace with joshua and with the children of israel .
he put garrisons in edom and all the edomites became servants to david . yahweh gave victory to david wherever he went .
ten fat oxen and twenty oxen out of the pastures and one hundred sheep besides harts and gazelles and roebucks and fattened fowl .
but when he was forty years old it came into his heart to visit his brothers   the children of israel .
and he said yahweh the god of israel there is no god like you in heaven above or on earth beneath who keep covenant and loving kindness with your servants who walk before you with all their heart
you shall not glean your vineyard neither shall you gather the fallen grapes of your vineyard you shall leave them for the poor and for the foreigner . i am yahweh your god .
they shall keep your charge and the charge of all the tent only they shall not come near to the vessels of the sanctuary and to the altar that they not die neither they nor you .
the house that is the temple before the oracle was forty cubits long .
or do n't you know that all we who were baptized into christ jesus were baptized into his death
the king said where is your master 's son ziba said to the king behold he abides at jerusalem for he said today will the house of israel restore me the kingdom of my father .
the burning sand will become a pool and the thirsty ground springs of water . grass with reeds and rushes will be in the habitation of jackals where they lay .
greet one another with a holy kiss . the assemblies of christ greet you .
also maacah his mother he removed from being queen because she had made an abominable image for an asherah and asa cut down her image and burnt it at the brook kidron .
yahweh said to moses do n't fear him for i have delivered him into your hand and all his people and his land and you shall do to him as you did to sihon king of the amorites who lived at heshbon .
jesus said to him you have said it . nevertheless i tell you henceforth you will see the son of man sitting at the right hand of power and coming on the clouds of the sky .
nadab the son of jeroboam began to reign over israel in the second year of asa king of judah and he reigned over israel two years .
but you do see trouble and grief you consider it to take it into your hand . you help the victim and the fatherless .
most assuredly i tell you among those who are born of women there has not arisen anyone greater than john the baptizer yet he who is least in the kingdom of heaven is greater than he .
if the scourge kills suddenly he will mock at the trial of the innocent .
you shall teach them your children talking of them when you sit in your house and when you walk by the way and when you lie down and when you rise up .
let favor be shown to the wicked yet he will not learn righteousness . in the land of uprightness he will deal wrongfully and will not see yahweh 's majesty .
nabal answered david 's servants and said who is david and who is the son of jesse there are many servants who break away from their masters these days .
you were made alive when you were dead in transgressions and sins
the screen for the gate of the court was the work of the embroiderer of blue purple scarlet and fine twined linen . twenty cubits was the length and the height in the breadth was five cubits like to the hangings of the court .
moses said the people among whom i am are six hundred thousand footmen and you have said i will give them flesh that they may eat a whole month .
it will be like when the harvester gathers the wheat and his arm reaps the grain . yes it will be like when one gleans grain in the valley of rephaim .
then the commanding officer came near arrested him commanded him to be bound with two chains and inquired who he was and what he had done .
it happened when ben hadad heard this message as he was drinking he and the kings in the pavilions that he said to his servants set yourselves in array . they set themselves in array against the city .
so am i made to possess months of misery wearisome nights are appointed to me .
with whom was he displeased forty years was n't it with those who sinned whose bodies fell in the wilderness
it happened after these things that god tested abraham and said to him abraham he said here i am .
yahweh spoke to aaron saying
there is a league between me and you between my father and your father behold i have sent to you a present of silver and gold go break your league with baasha king of israel that he may depart from me .
the wicked are not so but are like the chaff which the wind drives away .
for when a few years are come i shall go the way from whence i shall not return .
therefore tell the children of israel i am yahweh and i will bring you out from under the burdens of the egyptians and i will rid you out of their bondage and i will redeem you with an outstretched arm and with great judgments
yahweh answered his people behold i will send you grain new wine and oil and you will be satisfied with them and i will no more make you a reproach among the nations .
they are amazed . they answer no more . they do n't have a word to say .
for i did n't shrink from declaring to you the whole counsel of god .
on the other side of the jordan of the reubenites and the gadites and of the half - tribe of manasseh with all manner of instruments of war for the battle one hundred twenty thousand .
you husbands in like manner live with your wives according to knowledge giving honor to the woman as to the weaker vessel as being also joint heirs of the grace of life that your prayers may not be hindered .
and certain women who had been healed of evil spirits and infirmities mary who was called magdalene from whom seven demons had gone out
so that they shall take no wood out of the field neither cut down any out of the forests for they shall make fires of the weapons and they shall plunder those who plundered them and rob those who robbed them says the lord yahweh .
and did n't inquire of yahweh therefore he killed him and turned the kingdom to david the son of jesse .
for this cause i also having heard of the faith in the lord jesus which is among you and the love which you have toward all the saints
by faith he left egypt not fearing the wrath of the king for he endured as seeing him who is invisible .
but i am afraid that somehow as the serpent deceived eve in his craftiness so your minds might be corrupted from the simplicity that is in christ .
thus noah did . according to all that god commanded him so he did .
he said to him the third time simon son of jonah do you have affection for me peter was grieved because he asked him the third time do you have affection for me he said to him lord you know everything . you know that i have affection for you . jesus said to him feed my sheep .
behold is n't it of yahweh of armies that the peoples labor for the fire and the nations weary themselves for vanity
but if they say thus come up to us then we will go up for yahweh has delivered them into our hand and this shall be the sign to us .
and that all this assembly may know that yahweh does n't save with sword and spear for the battle is yahweh 's and he will give you into our hand .
suddenly there came from the sky a sound like the rushing of a mighty wind and it filled all the house where they were sitting .
in the nine and thirtieth year of azariah king of judah began menahem the son of gadi to reign over israel and reigned ten years in samaria .
you shall keep the charge of the sanctuary and the charge of the altar that there be wrath no more on the children of israel .
these three were the sons of noah and from these the whole earth was populated .
not stealing but showing all good fidelity that they may adorn the doctrine of god our savior in all things .
now she is in the streets now in the squares and lurking at every corner .
you shall chase your enemies and they shall fall before you by the sword .
joshua defeated amalek and his people with the edge of the sword .
come now you rich weep and howl for your miseries that are coming on you .
then he said i have sinned yet honor me now please before the elders of my people and before israel and turn again with me that i may worship yahweh your god .
as the gentiles heard this they were glad and glorified the word of god . as many as were appointed to eternal life believed .
all the people went over the jordan and the king went over and the king kissed barzillai and blessed him and he returned to his own place .
but as for me my prayer is to you yahweh in an acceptable time . god in the abundance of your loving kindness answer me in the truth of your salvation .
and he came even before the king 's gate for none might enter within the king 's gate clothed with sackcloth .
jesus said to them my food is to do the will of him who sent me and to accomplish his work .
even as it is written jacob i loved but esau i hated .
behold i give of the synagogue of satan of those who say they are jews and they are not but lie . behold i will make them to come and worship before your feet and to know that i have loved you .
then the king held out to esther the golden scepter . so esther arose and stood before the king .
joshua set up twelve stones in the midst of the jordan in the place where the feet of the priests who bore the ark of the covenant stood and they are there to this day .
god is faithful through whom you were called into the fellowship of his son jesus christ our lord .
yahweh said to moses write this for a memorial in a book and rehearse it in the ears of joshua that i will utterly blot out the memory of amalek from under the sky .
but he said then bring meal . he cast it into the pot and he said pour out for the people that they may eat . there was no harm in the pot .
the merchants of these things who were made rich by her will stand far away for the fear of her torment weeping and mourning
for in the multitude of dreams there are vanities as well as in many words but you must fear god .
when the wine ran out jesus ' mother said to him they have no wine .
we looked for peace but no good came and for a time of healing and behold dismay
but the fig tree said to them should i leave my sweetness and my good fruit and go to wave back and forth over the trees
i declared my ways and you answered me . teach me your statutes .
if one person sins unwittingly then he shall offer a female goat a year old for a sin offering .
has not the same hezekiah taken away his high places and his altars and commanded judah and jerusalem saying you shall worship before one altar and on it shall you burn incense
for most assuredly not to angels does he give help but he gives help to the seed of abraham .
there were eight boards and their sockets of silver sixteen sockets under every board two sockets .
on the ninth day of the fourth month the famine was sore in the city so that there was no bread for the people of the land .
but jesus knowing in himself that his disciples murmured at this said to them does this cause you to stumble
yahweh will do to them as he did to sihon and to og the kings of the amorites and to their land whom he destroyed .
rehoboam loved maacah the daughter of absalom above all his wives and his concubines for he took eighteen wives and sixty concubines and became the father of twenty - eight sons and sixty daughters .
declare you in judah and publish in jerusalem and say blow you the trumpet in the land cry aloud and say assemble yourselves and let us go into the fortified cities .
there you shall serve gods the work of men 's hands wood and stone which neither see nor hear nor eat nor smell .
now the hand of yahweh had been on me in the evening before he who was escaped came and he had opened my mouth until he came to me in the morning and my mouth was opened and i was no more mute .
david danced before yahweh with all his might and david was girded with a linen ephod .
make a joyful noise to yahweh all the earth burst out and sing for joy yes sing praises
the voice of one crying in the wilderness make ready the way of the lord make his paths straight '
but i have told you these things so that when the time comes you may remember that i told you about them . i did n't tell you these things from the beginning because i was with you .
i will visit on her the days of the baals to which she burned incense when she decked herself with her earrings and her jewels and went after her lovers and forgot me says yahweh .
the philistines followed hard after saul and after his sons and the philistines killed jonathan and abinadab and malchishua the sons of saul .
for the teraphim have spoken vanity and the diviners have seen a lie and they have told false dreams . they comfort in vain . therefore they go their way like sheep . they are oppressed because there is no shepherd .
then said david o yahweh the god of israel your servant has surely heard that saul seeks to come to keilah to destroy the city for my sake .
why have you made us to come up out of egypt to bring us in to this evil place it is no place of seed or of figs or of vines or of pomegranates neither is there any water to drink .
behold how they reward us to come to cast us out of your possession which you have given us to inherit .
and they took him and threw him into the pit . the pit was empty . there was no water in it .
yahweh spoke to moses saying
let us therefore as many as are perfect think this way . if in anything you think otherwise god will also reveal that to you .
you shall say before yahweh your god i have put away the holy things out of my house and also have given them to the levite and to the foreigner to the fatherless and to the widow according to all your commandment which you have commanded me i have not transgressed any of your commandments neither have i forgotten them
if he offers a lamb for his offering then he shall offer it before yahweh
and the lampstands with their lamps to burn according to the ordinance before the oracle of pure gold
therefore will i do to the house which is called by my name in which you trust and to the place which i gave to you and to your fathers as i did to shiloh .
now the serpent was more subtle than any animal of the field which yahweh god had made . he said to the woman has god really said you shall not eat of any tree of the garden '
now about that time herod the king stretched out his hands to oppress some of the assembly .
if there arise a matter too hard for you in judgment between blood and blood between plea and plea and between stroke and stroke being matters of controversy within your gates then shall you arise and go up to the place which yahweh your god shall choose
at the evening offering i arose up from my humiliation even with my garment and my robe torn and i fell on my knees and spread out my hands to yahweh my god
for i could wish that i myself were accursed from christ for my brothers ' sake my relatives according to the flesh
he even tried to profane the temple and we arrested him .
that joshua called for all israel for their elders and for their heads and for their judges and for their officers and said to them i am old and well stricken in years
remember those who are in bonds as bound with them and those who are ill - treated since you are also in the body .
then whoever hears the sound of the trumpet and does n't take warning if the sword come and take him away his blood shall be on his own head .
the nations shall see your righteousness and all kings your glory and you shall be called by a new name which the mouth of yahweh shall name .
in that day they will come to you from assyria and the cities of egypt and from egypt even to the river and from sea to sea and mountain to mountain .
when he heard that jesus had come out of judea into galilee he went to him and begged him that he would come down and heal his son for he was at the point of death .
the four angels were freed who had been prepared for that hour and day and month and year so that they might kill one third of mankind .
there are also workmen with you in abundance cutters and workers of stone and timber and all kinds of men who are skillful in every kind of work
and the border shall go down from shepham to riblah on the east side of ain and the border shall go down and shall reach to the side of the sea of chinnereth eastward
you turn things upside down should the potter be thought to be like clay that the thing made should say about him who made it he did n't make me or the thing formed say of him who formed it he has no understanding
but it was you a man like me my companion and my familiar friend .
they struck all the cities round about gerar for the fear of yahweh came on them and they despoiled all the cities for there was much spoil in them .
the name of the third river is hiddekel this is the one which flows in front of assyria . the fourth river is the euphrates .
at meal time boaz said to her come here and eat of the bread and dip your morsel in the vinegar . she sat beside the reapers and they reached her parched grain and she ate and was sufficed and left of it .
oh that the salvation of israel would come out of zion when yahweh restores the fortunes of his people then jacob shall rejoice and israel shall be glad .
a capital of brass was on it and the height of the one capital was five cubits with network and pomegranates on the capital round about all of brass and the second pillar also had like these and pomegranates .
i will strengthen the house of judah and i will save the house of joseph and i will bring them back for i have mercy on them and they will be as though i had not cast them off for i am yahweh their god and i will hear them .
but the righteous will live by faith . if he shrinks back my soul has no pleasure in him .
there is gold and abundance of rubies but the lips of knowledge are a rare jewel .
if it bears fruit fine but if not after that you can cut it down . '
and it shall be for aaron and his sons as their portion forever from the children of israel for it is a wave offering and it shall be a wave offering from the children of israel of the sacrifices of their peace offerings even their wave offering to yahweh .
if a man be found lying with a woman married to a husband then they shall both of them die the man who lay with the woman and the woman so shall you put away the evil from israel .
but jesus perceived their wickedness and said why do you test me you hypocrites
then said jeremiah to zedekiah thus says yahweh the god of armies the god of israel if you will go forth to the king of babylon 's princes then your soul shall live and this city shall not be burned with fire and you shall live and your house .
the soul of king david longed to go forth to absalom for he was comforted concerning amnon seeing he was dead .
through silvanus our faithful brother as i consider him i have written to you briefly exhorting and testifying that this is the true grace of god in which you stand .
the earth was corrupt before god and the earth was filled with violence .
take great stones in your hand and hide them in mortar in the brick work which is at the entry of pharaoh 's house in tahpanhes in the sight of the men of judah
ahijah laid hold of the new garment that was on him and tore it in twelve pieces .
the word of yahweh came again to me saying
it happened that when isaac was old and his eyes were dim so that he could not see he called esau his elder son and said to him my son he said to him here i am .
joshua said roll great stones to the mouth of the cave and set men by it to keep them
delilah said to samson tell me please in which your great strength lies and with which you might be bound to afflict you .
behold a certain lawyer stood up and tested him saying teacher what shall i do to inherit eternal life
jonathan climbed up on his hands and on his feet and his armor bearer after him and they fell before jonathan and his armor bearer killed them after him .
let him turn away from evil and do good . let him seek peace and pursue it .
yet they tempted and rebelled against the most high god and did n't keep his testimonies
the sons of the prophets said to elisha see now the place where we dwell before you is too strait for us .
it was so when the days of their feasting had run their course that job sent and sanctified them and rose up early in the morning and offered burnt offerings according to the number of them all . for job said it may be that my sons have sinned and renounced god in their hearts . thus did job continually .
and to love him with all the heart and with all the understanding with all the soul and with all the strength and to love his neighbor as himself is more important than all whole burnt offerings and sacrifices .
because he considers and turns away from all his transgressions that he has committed he shall surely live he shall not die .
open your doors lebanon that the fire may devour your cedars .
he shall sprinkle some of the blood on it with his finger seven times and cleanse it and make it holy from the uncleanness of the children of israel .
for john was not yet thrown into prison .
yes you have borne the tent of your king and the shrine of your images the star of your god which you made for yourselves .
and saying you who destroy the temple and build it in three days save yourself if you are the son of god come down from the cross
in whose hand is the life of every living thing the breath of all mankind
the king sat on his seat as at other times even on the seat by the wall and jonathan stood up and abner sat by saul 's side but david 's place was empty .
some therefore cried one thing and some another for the assembly was in confusion . most of them did n't know why they had come together .
they said has yahweh indeed spoken only with moses has n't he spoken also with us yahweh heard it .
and said i beg you yahweh the god of heaven the great and awesome god who keeps covenant and loving kindness with those who love him and keep his commandments
they made bells of pure gold and put the bells between the pomegranates around the skirts of the robe between the pomegranates
moses spoke to the children of israel and all their princes gave him rods for each prince one according to their fathers ' houses even twelve rods and the rod of aaron was among their rods .
fulfill your promise to your servant that you may be feared .
he sent yet a third and they also wounded him and threw him out .
because they did n't obey the voice of yahweh their god but transgressed his covenant even all that moses the servant of yahweh commanded and would not hear it nor do it .
this house was finished on the third day of the month adar which was in the sixth year of the reign of darius the king .
who satisfies your desire with good things so that your youth is renewed like the eagle 's .
among the sons of the priests there were found who had married foreign women namely of the sons of jeshua the son of jozadak and his brothers maaseiah and eliezer and jarib and gedaliah .
their horses were seven hundred thirty - six their mules two hundred forty - five
she put her hand to the tent peg her right hand to the workmen 's hammer with the hammer she struck sisera she struck through his head yes she pierced and struck through his temples .
so i was left alone and saw this great vision and there remained no strength in me for my comeliness was turned in me into corruption and i retained no strength .
and you shall love yahweh your god with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your might .
yahweh god of armies hear my prayer . listen god of jacob . selah .
he commanded them saying this is what you shall tell my lord esau this is what your servant jacob says . i have lived as a foreigner with laban and stayed until now .
but he said on the contrary blessed are those who hear the word of god and keep it .
then the lust when it has conceived bears sin and the sin when it is full grown brings forth death .
it will be that whoever will call on the name of the lord will be saved . '
at the end of the days which the king had appointed for bringing them in the prince of the eunuchs brought them in before nebuchadnezzar .
the woman of tekoa said to the king my lord o king the iniquity be on me and on my father 's house and the king and his throne be guiltless .
your clothing did n't grow old on you neither did your foot swell these forty years .
as for the works of men by the word of your lips i have kept myself from the ways of the violent .
behold i will command says yahweh and cause them to return to this city and they shall fight against it and take it and burn it with fire and i will make the cities of judah a desolation without inhabitant .
he who is slow to anger has great understanding but he who has a quick temper displays folly .
i made treasurers over the treasuries shelemiah the priest and zadok the scribe and of the levites pedaiah and next to them was hanan the son of zaccur the son of mattaniah for they were counted faithful and their business was to distribute to their brothers .
then all the jews returned out of all places where they were driven and came to the land of judah to gedaliah to mizpah and gathered wine and summer fruits very much .
to a foreigner you may lend on interest but to your brother you shall not lend on interest that yahweh your god may bless you in all that you put your hand to in the land where you go in to possess it .
when the lord shall have washed away the filth of the daughters of zion and shall have purged the blood of jerusalem from its midst by the spirit of justice and by the spirit of burning .
shecaniah the son of jehiel one of the sons of elam answered ezra we have trespassed against our god and have married foreign women of the peoples of the land yet now there is hope for israel concerning this thing .
aaron returned to moses to the door of the tent of meeting and the plague was stayed .
if we confess our sins he is faithful and righteous to forgive us the sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness .
the staff of his spear was like a weaver 's beam and his spear 's head weighed six hundred shekels of iron and his shield bearer went before him .
and behold there was a man with a withered hand . they asked him is it lawful to heal on the sabbath day that they might accuse him .
it happened the same night that yahweh said to him take your father 's bull even the second bull seven years old and throw down the altar of baal that your father has and cut down the asherah that is by it
the pharisees came out and began to question him seeking from him a sign from heaven and testing him .
after him repaired the priests the men of the plain .
for this cause i write these things while absent that i may not deal sharply when present according to the authority which the lord gave me for building up and not for tearing down .
out of them shall proceed thanksgiving and the voice of those who make merry and i will multiply them and they shall not be few i will also glorify them and they shall not be small .
those who fashion an engraved image are all of them vanity and the things that they delight in shall not profit and their own witnesses do n't see nor know that they may be disappointed .
thus says yahweh behold i will raise up against babylon and against those who dwell in lebkamai a destroying wind .
moses said this is the thing which yahweh commanded that you should do and the glory of yahweh shall appear to you .
behold he speaks openly and they say nothing to him . can it be that the rulers indeed know that this is truly the christ
in the fourth generation they will come here again for the iniquity of the amorite is not yet full .
concerning this thing i begged the lord three times that it might depart from me .
the name of the second he called ephraim   for god has made me fruitful in the land of my affliction .
the people said to joshua no but we will serve yahweh .
the rough male goat is the king of greece and the great horn that is between his eyes is the first king .
when his armor bearer saw that saul was dead he likewise fell on his sword and died .
he said brothers and fathers listen . the god of glory appeared to our father abraham when he was in mesopotamia before he lived in haran
but woe to you who are rich for you have received your consolation .
gideon the son of joash died in a good old age and was buried in the tomb of joash his father in ophrah of the abiezrites .
stay with him a few days until your brother 's fury turns away
the servants of achish said to him is n't this david the king of the land did n't they sing one to another about him in dances saying saul has slain his thousands david his ten thousands '
it happened from the day that the ark abode in kiriath jearim that the time was long for it was twenty years and all the house of israel lamented after yahweh .
one of his disciples andrew simon peter 's brother said to him
the woman answered i have no husband . jesus said to her you said well i have no husband '
but in the eighteenth year of king josiah was this passover kept to yahweh in jerusalem .
his eyes will be red with wine his teeth white with milk .
will you harass a driven leaf will you pursue the dry stubble
good and upright is yahweh therefore he will instruct sinners in the way .
now while paul waited for them at athens his spirit was provoked within him as he saw the city full of idols .
his disciples said to him if this is the case of the man with his wife it is not expedient to marry .
their bulls breed without fail . their cows calve and do n't miscarry .
one male goat for a sin offering
again when i say to the wicked you shall surely die if he turn from his sin and do that which is lawful and right
these things have i spoken to you so that you would n't be caused to stumble .
the pharisees therefore said to him you testify about yourself . your testimony is not valid .
when hezekiah and the princes came and saw the heaps they blessed yahweh and his people israel .
then the priest shall command that they take out the stones in which is the plague and cast them into an unclean place outside of the city
as for the prince he shall sit therein as prince to eat bread before yahweh he shall enter by the way of the porch of the gate and shall go out by the way of the same .
god worked special miracles by the hands of paul
behold a woman who had an issue of blood for twelve years came behind him and touched the tassels of his garment
a workman has cast an image and the goldsmith overlays it with gold and casts silver chains for it .
yahweh said to moses tell aaron stretch out your rod and strike the dust of the earth that it may become lice throughout all the land of egypt . '
now the rest of the acts of menahem and all that he did are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of israel
for death is come up into our windows it is entered into our palaces to cut off the children from outside and the young men from the streets .
he said please show me your glory .
i made myself gardens and parks and i planted trees in them of all kinds of fruit .
neither shall you covet your neighbor 's wife neither shall you desire your neighbor 's house his field or his male servant or his female servant his ox or his donkey or anything that is your neighbor 's .
we know that god has spoken to moses . but as for this man we do n't know where he comes from .
their tents and their flocks shall they take they shall carry away for themselves their curtains and all their vessels and their camels and they shall cry to them terror on every side
he said to me to build her a house in the land of shinar . when it is prepared she will be set there in her own place .
judah sent the kid of the goats by the hand of his friend the adullamite to receive the pledge from the woman 's hand but he did n't find her .
they came both men and women as many as were willing - hearted and brought brooches earrings signet rings and armlets all jewels of gold even every man who offered an offering of gold to yahweh .
moses and eleazar the priest took the gold of them even all worked jewels .
moses took the anointing oil and anointed the tabernacle and all that was in it and sanctified them .
so the king went over to gilgal and chimham went over with him and all the people of judah brought the king over and also half the people of israel .
the man the master of the house went out to them and said to them no my brothers please do n't act so wickedly seeing that this man is come into my house do n't do this folly .
because if our heart condemns us god is greater than our heart and knows all things .
we ca n't reach the almighty he is exalted in power in justice and great righteousness he will not oppress .
joab the son of zeruiah was over the army and jehoshaphat the son of ahilud was recorder
but who can endure the day of his coming and who will stand when he appears for he is like a refiner 's fire and like launderer 's soap
they answered that they did n't know where it was from .
the lord of that servant will come in a day when he does n't expect it and in an hour when he does n't know it
who died for us that whether we wake or sleep we should live together with him .
i made known to them your name and will make it known that the love with which you loved me may be in them and i in them .
and the peace of god which surpasses all understanding will guard your hearts and your thoughts in christ jesus .
the multitudes said this is the prophet jesus from nazareth of galilee .
so then neither he who plants is anything nor he who waters but god who gives the increase .
for however many are the promises of god in him is the yes . therefore also through him is the amen to the glory of god through us .
he puts forth his hand on the flinty rock and he overturns the mountains by the roots .
oh let the nations be glad and sing for joy for you will judge the peoples with equity and govern the nations on earth . selah .
outside of the inner gate were chambers for the singers in the inner court which was at the side of the north gate and their prospect was toward the south one at the side of the east gate having the prospect toward the north .
you are my king god . command victories for jacob
i came this day to the spring and said yahweh the god of my master abraham if now you do prosper my way which i go
for yahweh your god walks in the midst of your camp to deliver you and to give up your enemies before you therefore shall your camp be holy that he may not see an unclean thing in you and turn away from you .
he went in also to rachel and he loved also rachel more than leah and served with him yet seven other years .
do to them as you did to midian as to sisera as to jabin at the river kishon
then all the captains of the forces and johanan the son of kareah and jezaniah the son of hoshaiah and all the people from the least even to the greatest came near
if a man dies shall he live again all the days of my warfare would i wait until my release should come .
the magicians did in like manner with their enchantments and brought up frogs on the land of egypt .
if you forsake yahweh and serve foreign gods then he will turn and do you evil and consume you after that he has done you good .
pour out your indignation on them . let the fierceness of your anger overtake them .
you divided the sea before them so that they went through the midst of the sea on the dry land and their pursuers you did cast into the depths as a stone into the mighty waters .
when paul wanted to enter in to the people the disciples did n't allow him .
now the children of reuben and the children of gad had a very great multitude of livestock and when they saw the land of jazer and the land of gilead that behold the place was a place for livestock
of the teaching of baptisms of laying on of hands of resurrection of the dead and of eternal judgment .
moreover yahweh your god will send the hornet among them until those who are left and hide themselves perish from before you .
moses said to aaron and to eleazar and to ithamar his sons do n't let the hair of your heads go loose neither tear your clothes that you do n't die and that he not be angry with all the congregation but let your brothers the whole house of israel bewail the burning which yahweh has kindled .
he who says he is in the light and hates his brother is in the darkness even until now .
lod and ono the valley of craftsmen .
when you are in oppression and all these things are come on you in the latter days you shall return to yahweh your god and listen to his voice
i tertius who write the letter greet you in the lord .
you who tell good news to zion go up on a high mountain . you who tell good news to jerusalem lift up your voice with strength . lift it up . do n't be afraid . say to the cities of judah behold your god
he who oppresses the poor shows contempt for his maker but he who is kind to the needy honors him .
for wherever the carcass is there will the vultures be gathered together .
kedemoth with its suburbs and mephaath with its suburbs four cities .
the fortress shall cease from ephraim and the kingdom from damascus and the remnant of syria . they will be as the glory of the children of israel says yahweh of armies .
for the land where you go in to possess it is n't as the land of egypt from whence you came out where you sowed your seed and watered it with your foot as a garden of herbs
therefore the wild animals of the desert with the wolves shall dwell there and the ostriches shall dwell therein and it shall be no more inhabited forever neither shall it be lived in from generation to generation .
but a whole month until it come out at your nostrils and it be loathsome to you because that you have rejected yahweh who is among you and have wept before him saying why came we forth out of egypt
behold he spreads his light around him . he covers the bottom of the sea .
for he was wiser than all men than ethan the ezrahite and heman and calcol and darda the sons of mahol and his fame was in all the nations round about .
he said to the king of israel put your hand on the bow and he put his hand on it . elisha laid his hands on the king 's hands .
now therefore call to me all the prophets of baal all his worshippers and all his priests let none be wanting for i have a great sacrifice to do to baal whoever shall be wanting he shall not live . but jehu did it in subtlety to the intent that he might destroy the worshippers of baal .
but if he ca n't afford two turtledoves or two young pigeons then he shall bring his offering for that in which he has sinned the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour for a sin offering . he shall put no oil on it neither shall he put any frankincense on it for it is a sin offering .
which is easier to say your sins are forgiven you ' or to say arise and walk '
but he said to them you give them something to eat . they said we have no more than five loaves and two fish unless we should go and buy food for all these people .
but ahaz said i will not ask neither will i tempt yahweh .
then david the king went in and sat before yahweh and he said who am i yahweh god and what is my house that you have brought me thus far
the man said this is now bone of my bones and flesh of my flesh . she will be called woman because she was taken out of man .
on the three and twentieth day of the seventh month he sent the people away to their tents joyful and glad of heart for the goodness that yahweh had shown to david and to solomon and to israel his people .
all of which perish with use according to the precepts and doctrines of men
therefore will i also deal in wrath my eye shall not spare neither will i have pity and though they cry in my ears with a loud voice yet will i not hear them .
by patience a ruler is persuaded . a soft tongue breaks the bone .
the caravans that travel beside them turn aside they go up into the waste and perish .
not boasting beyond proper limits in other men 's labors but having hope that as your faith grows we will be abundantly enlarged by you in our sphere of influence
it happened when the captains of the chariots saw jehoshaphat that they said it is the king of israel . therefore they turned about to fight against him but jehoshaphat cried out and yahweh helped him and god moved them to depart from him .
their redeemer is strong yahweh of armies is his name he will thoroughly plead their cause that he may give rest to the earth and disquiet the inhabitants of babylon .
then said i in my heart as it happens to the fool so will it happen even to me and why was i then more wise then said i in my heart that this also is vanity .
when she had said this she turned around and saw jesus standing and did n't know that it was jesus .
be of good courage and let us play the man for our people and for the cities of our god and yahweh do that which seems him good .
because yahweh was not able to bring this people into the land which he swore to them therefore he has slain them in the wilderness .
to fulfill the word of yahweh by the mouth of jeremiah until the land had enjoyed its sabbaths for as long as it lay desolate it kept sabbath to fulfill seventy years .
but all their works they do to be seen by men . they make their phylacteries broad enlarge the fringes of their garments
so because you are lukewarm and neither hot nor cold i will vomit you out of my mouth .
again he said to what shall i compare the kingdom of god
they made two settings of gold and two gold rings and put the two rings on the two ends of the breastplate .
whatever shall touch its flesh shall be holy . when there is any of its blood sprinkled on a garment you shall wash that on which it was sprinkled in a holy place .
for they all saw him and were troubled . but he immediately spoke with them and said to them cheer up it is i do n't be afraid .
you daughters of israel weep over saul who clothed you in scarlet delicately who put ornaments of gold on your clothing .
he said to her what do you want she said to him command that these my two sons may sit one on your right hand and one on your left hand in your kingdom .
many of the multitude therefore when they heard these words said this is truly the prophet .
david called one of the young men and said go near and fall on him . he struck him so that he died .
of asher he said blessed be asher with children let him be acceptable to his brothers let him dip his foot in oil .
behold how great a love the father has bestowed on us that we should be called children of god for this cause the world does n't know us because it did n't know him .
her sister oholibah saw this yet was she more corrupt in her doting than she and in her prostitution which were more than the prostitution of her sister .
when aaron lights the lamps at evening he shall burn it a perpetual incense before yahweh throughout your generations .
the wicked in the pride of his face has no room in his thoughts for god .
he shall sprinkle on him who is to be cleansed from the leprosy seven times and shall pronounce him clean and shall let the living bird go into the open field .
this land we took in possession at that time from aroer which is by the valley of the arnon and half the hill country of gilead and the cities of it gave i to the reubenites and to the gadites
which when it was filled they drew up on the beach . they sat down and gathered the good into containers but the bad they threw away .
it will happen at that time that i will search jerusalem with lamps and i will punish the men who are settled on their dregs who say in their heart yahweh will not do good neither will he do evil .
so the priests and the levites and the porters and the singers and some of the people and the nethinim and all israel lived in their cities . when the seventh month was come the children of israel were in their cities .
if his father have no brothers then you shall give his inheritance to his kinsman who is next to him of his family and he shall possess it and it shall be to the children of israel a statute and ordinance as yahweh commanded moses .
samuel said to him yahweh has torn the kingdom of israel from you this day and has given it to a neighbor of yours who is better than you .
each one went straight forward where the spirit was to go they went they did n't turn when they went .
he arose and came to his father . but while he was still far off his father saw him and was moved with compassion and ran and fell on his neck and kissed him .
but we are not of those who shrink back to destruction but of those who have faith to the saving of the soul .
the sound of the wings of the cherubim was heard even to the outer court as the voice of god almighty when he speaks .
joy comes to a man with the reply of his mouth . how good is a word at the right time
that they may know that this is your hand that you yahweh have done it .
therefore shall you serve your enemies whom yahweh shall send against you in hunger and in thirst and in nakedness and in want of all things and he shall put a yoke of iron on your neck until he have destroyed you .
for the fruit of the spirit is in all goodness and righteousness and truth
they will by no means follow a stranger but will flee from him for they do n't know the voice of strangers .
yahweh spoke to moses in the wilderness of sinai in the first month of the second year after they had come out of the land of egypt saying
if anyone sins in that he hears the voice of adjuration he being a witness whether he has seen or known if he does n't report it then he shall bear his iniquity .
i say that your counsel and strength for the war are only vain words . now in whom do you trust that you have rebelled against me
abner had communication with the elders of israel saying in times past you sought for david to be king over you
the crucible is for silver and the furnace for gold but man is refined by his praise .
but of the son he says your throne o god is forever and ever the scepter of uprightness is the scepter of your kingdom .
you shall give to the priests the levites who are of the seed of zadok who are near to me to minister to me says the lord yahweh a young bull for a sin offering .
and to the angel of the assembly in sardis write he who has the seven spirits of god and the seven stars says these things i know your works that you have a reputation of being alive but you are dead .
my son do n't forget my teaching but let your heart keep my commandments
their houses are safe from fear neither is the rod of god upon them .
then we told them after this manner what the names of the men were who were making this building .
here is the patience of the saints those who keep the commandments of god and the faith of jesus .
the ark of the testimony with its poles the mercy seat
this ezra went up from babylon and he was a ready scribe in the law of moses which yahweh the god of israel had given and the king granted him all his request according to the hand of yahweh his god on him .
he dealt well with abram for her sake . he had sheep oxen male donkeys male servants female servants female donkeys and camels .
the refining pot is for silver and the furnace for gold but yahweh tests the hearts .
but whoever keeps his word god 's love has most assuredly been perfected in him . this is how we know that we are in him
it happened on the next day after the new moon which was the second day that david 's place was empty and saul said to jonathan his son why does n't the son of jesse come to meat neither yesterday nor today
but to each one of us was the grace given according to the measure of the gift of christ .
those who worship the army of the sky on the housetops those who worship and swear by yahweh and also swear by malcam
he who hates me hates my father also .
i will fill its mountains with its slain in your hills and in your valleys and in all your watercourses shall they fall who are slain with the sword .
behold an angel of the lord stood by them and the glory of the lord shone around them and they were terrified .
if the plague comes again and breaks out in the house after he has taken out the stones and after he has scraped the house and after it was plastered
offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving of that which is leavened and proclaim free will offerings and brag about them for this pleases you you children of israel says the lord yahweh .
having been made perfect he became to all of those who obey him the author of eternal salvation
commit your way to yahweh . trust also in him and he will do this
for an angel of the lord went down at certain times into the pool and stirred up the water . whoever stepped in first after the stirring of the water was made whole of whatever disease he had .
jesus said to them i am the bread of life . he who comes to me will not be hungry and he who believes in me will never be thirsty .
he will say where are their gods the rock in which they took refuge
do n't you consider what this people has spoken saying the two families which yahweh did choose he has cast them off thus do they despise my people that they should be no more a nation before them .
even in the third year of asa king of judah did baasha kill him and reigned in his place .
your renown went forth among the nations for your beauty for it was perfect through my majesty which i had put on you says the lord yahweh .
i said you are gods all of you are sons of the most high .
for thus says yahweh the god of israel the jar of meal shall not empty neither shall the jar of oil fail until the day that yahweh sends rain on the earth .
but paul said to them they have beaten us publicly without a trial men who are romans and have cast us into prison do they now release us secretly no most assuredly but let them come themselves and bring us out
a voice of the wailing of the shepherds for their glory is destroyed a voice of the roaring of young lions for the pride of the jordan is ruined .
we have the more sure word of prophecy whereunto you do well that you take heed as to a lamp shining in a dark place until the day dawns and the morning star arises in your hearts
and the priest shall offer the burnt offering and the meal offering on the altar . the priest shall make atonement for him and he shall be clean .
all the instruments of the tent in all its service and all the pins of it and all the pins of the court shall be of brass .
yes the sparrow has found a home and the swallow a nest for herself where she may have her young near your altars yahweh of armies my king and my god .
this saying is faithful and worthy of all acceptance .
for yahweh of armies who planted you has pronounced evil against you because of the evil of the house of israel and of the house of judah which they have worked for themselves in provoking me to anger by offering incense to baal .
however much she glorified herself and grew wanton so much give her of torment and mourning . for she says in her heart i sit a queen and am no widow and will in no way see mourning . '
sing you heavens for yahweh has done it shout you lower parts of the earth break forth into singing you mountains o forest and every tree therein for yahweh has redeemed jacob and will glorify himself in israel .
for you need endurance so that having done the will of god you may receive the promise .
in all the land were no women found so beautiful as the daughters of job . their father gave them an inheritance among their brothers .
the noise of the whip the noise of the rattling of wheels prancing horses and bounding chariots
they led jesus away to the high priest . all the chief priests the elders and the scribes came together with him .
do n't you yet perceive neither remember the five loaves for the five thousand and how many baskets you took up
unless it is for this one thing that i cried standing among them concerning the resurrection of the dead i am being judged before you today '
the man grew great and grew more and more until he became very great .
the people said to joshua yahweh our god will we serve and to his voice will we listen .
he killed of edom in the valley of salt ten thousand and took sela by war and called the name of it joktheel to this day .
he said to them is it lawful on the sabbath day to do good or to do harm to save a life or to kill but they were silent .
the house which king solomon built for yahweh the length of it was sixty cubits and the breadth of it twenty cubits and the height of it thirty cubits .
he is like a man building a house who dug and went deep and laid a foundation on the rock . when a flood arose the stream broke against that house and could not shake it because it was founded on the rock .
but if you will not listen to me to make the sabbath day holy and not to bear a burden and enter in at the gates of jerusalem on the sabbath day then will i kindle a fire in the gates of it and it shall devour the palaces of jerusalem and it shall not be quenched .
at that time jesus went on the sabbath day through the grain fields . his disciples were hungry and began to pluck heads of grain and to eat .
having condemnation because they have rejected their first pledge .
and i thank him who enabled me christ jesus our lord because he counted me faithful appointing me to service
for we must needs die and are as water split on the ground which ca n't be gathered up again neither does god take away life but devises means that he who is banished not be an outcast from him .
when you rebuke and correct man for iniquity you consume his wealth like a moth . surely every man is but a breath . selah .
with the merciful you will show yourself merciful . with the perfect man you will show yourself perfect .
let the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be acceptable in your sight yahweh my rock and my redeemer .
for who is god except yahweh who is a rock besides our god
saul saw and knew that yahweh was with david and michal saul 's daughter loved him .
he made the ephod of gold blue purple scarlet and fine twined linen .
but yahweh who brought you up out of the land of egypt with great power and with an outstretched arm him shall you fear and to him shall you bow yourselves and to him shall you sacrifice
this was a small thing in your eyes god but you have spoken of your servant 's house for a great while to come and have regarded me according to the estate of a man of high degree yahweh god .
why are you in despair my soul why are you disturbed within me hope in god for i shall still praise him the saving help of my countenance and my god .
thus says yahweh of armies the god of israel go and tell the men of judah and the inhabitants of jerusalem will you not receive instruction to listen to my words says yahweh .
the way of the wicked is an abomination to yahweh but he loves him who follows after righteousness .
there was no day like that before it or after it that yahweh listened to the voice of a man for yahweh fought for israel .
when i tell the wicked you shall surely die and you give him no warning nor speak to warn the wicked from his wicked way to save his life the same wicked man shall die in his iniquity but his blood will i require at your hand .
he entered again into the synagogue and there was a man there who had his hand withered .
there is a river the streams of which make the city of god glad the holy place of the tents of the most high .
they have all turned aside . they have together become unprofitable . there is no one who does good no not so much as one .
it is better to dwell in the corner of the housetop than to share a house with a contentious woman .
for if we had n't delayed surely we would have returned a second time by now .
it shall be that when they enter in at the gates of the inner court they shall be clothed with linen garments and no wool shall come on them while they minister in the gates of the inner court and within .
it happened in the morning watch that yahweh looked out on the egyptian army through the pillar of fire and of cloud and confused the egyptian army .
yahweh delivered to me the two tables of stone written with the finger of god and on them was written according to all the words which yahweh spoke with you on the mountain out of the midst of the fire in the day of the assembly .
in his humiliation his judgment was taken away . who will declare his generation for his life is taken from the earth .
now let a little water be fetched wash your feet and rest yourselves under the tree .
you blind guides who strain out a gnat and swallow a camel
let pharaoh do this and let him appoint overseers over the land and take up the fifth part of the land of egypt 's produce in the seven plenteous years .
aaron shall be gathered to his people for he shall not enter into the land which i have given to the children of israel because you rebelled against my word at the waters of meribah .
in the plain of the jordan did the king cast them in the clay ground between succoth and zeredah .
for i will restore health to you and i will heal you of your wounds says yahweh because they have called you an outcast saying it is zion whom no man seeks after .
i am the vine . you are the branches . he who remains in me and i in him the same bears much fruit for apart from me you can do nothing .
they stirred up the people the elders and the scribes and came against him and seized him and brought him in to the council
these four were born to the giant in gath and they fell by the hand of david and by the hand of his servants .
his parents went every year to jerusalem at the feast of the passover .
you uncovered your bow . you called for your sworn arrows . selah . you split the earth with rivers .
you shall walk in all the way which yahweh your god has commanded you that you may live and that it may be well with you and that you may prolong your days in the land which you shall possess .
but when this your son came who has devoured your living with prostitutes you killed the fattened calf for him . '
they were astonished beyond measure saying he has done all things well . he makes even the deaf hear and the mute speak
jacob lifted up his eyes and looked and behold esau was coming and with him four hundred men . he divided the children between leah rachel and the two handmaids .
i will observe your statutes . do n't utterly forsake me . beit
all those who were numbered of the levites whom moses and aaron and the princes of israel numbered by their families and by their fathers ' houses
for he has strengthened the bars of your gates . he has blessed your children within you .
and led him to annas first for he was father - in - law to caiaphas who was high priest that year .
one of his servants answered please let some take five of the horses that remain which are left in the city behold they are as all the multitude of israel who are left in it behold they are as all the multitude of israel who are consumed and let us send and see .
his power shall be mighty but not by his own power and he shall destroy wonderfully and shall prosper and do his pleasure and he shall destroy the mighty ones and the holy people .
the name of the other was eliezer for he said my father 's god was my help and delivered me from pharaoh 's sword .
when its boughs are withered they will be broken off . the women will come and set them on fire for they are a people of no understanding . therefore he who made them will not have compassion on them and he who formed them will show them no favor .
but if the bright spot stays in its place and has n't spread it is the scar from the boil and the priest shall pronounce him clean .
whatever yahweh pleased that he has done in heaven and in earth in the seas and in all deeps
and i will shake all nations . the precious things of all nations will come and i will fill this house with glory says yahweh of armies .
i will be his father and he shall be my son and i will not take my loving kindness away from him as i took it from him that was before you
seeing a fig tree by the road he came to it and found nothing on it but leaves . he said to it let there be no fruit from you forever immediately the fig tree withered away .
he called the multitude to himself with his disciples and said to them whoever wants to come after me let him deny himself and take up his cross and follow me .
i will make jerusalem heaps a dwelling place of jackals and i will make the cities of judah a desolation without inhabitant .
i am not worthy of the least of all the loving kindnesses and of all the truth which you have shown to your servant for with just my staff i passed over this jordan and now i have become two companies .
joshua rose up early in the morning and they removed from shittim and came to the jordan he and all the children of israel and they lodged there before they passed over .
samson said to them this time shall i be blameless in regard of the philistines when i do them a mischief .
but in mount zion there will be those who escape and it will be holy . the house of jacob will possess their possessions .
it happened at that time when eli was laid down in his place now his eyes had begun to grow dim so that he could not see
for this cause it is of faith that it may be according to grace to the end that the promise may be sure to all the seed not to that only which is of the law but to that also which is of the faith of abraham who is the father of us all .
it came to pass in the seven and twentieth year in the first month in the first day of the month the word of yahweh came to me saying
he made ready his chariot and took his army with him
he spoke to the man clothed in linen and said go in between the whirling wheels even under the cherub and fill both your hands with coals of fire from between the cherubim and scatter them over the city . he went in as i watched .
you shall betroth a wife and another man shall lie with her you shall build a house and you shall not dwell therein you shall plant a vineyard and shall not use the fruit of it .
and saying where is the promise of his coming for from the day that the fathers fell asleep all things continue as they were from the beginning of the creation .
these therefore came to philip who was from bethsaida of galilee and asked him saying sir we want to see jesus .
for i tell you that to everyone who has will more be given but from him who does n't have even that which he has will be taken away from him .
he struck them hip and thigh with a great slaughter and he went down and lived in the cleft of the rock of etam .
to another faith by the same spirit and to another gifts of healings by the same spirit
be prepared yes prepare yourself you and all your companies who are assembled to you and be a guard to them .
yahweh preserves all those who love him but all the wicked he will destroy .
nor the seven loaves for the four thousand and how many baskets you took up
by the rivers of babylon there we sat down . yes we wept when we remembered zion .
and the levite because he has no portion nor inheritance with you and the foreigner living among you and the fatherless and the widow who are within your gates shall come and shall eat and be satisfied that yahweh your god may bless you in all the work of your hand which you do .
they were distressed because they were confident they came there and were confounded .
so he brought down the people to the water and yahweh said to gideon everyone who laps of the water with his tongue as a dog laps him shall you set by himself likewise everyone who bows down on his knees to drink .
every vow and every binding oath to afflict the soul her husband may establish it or her husband may make it void .
when he had looked around at them with anger being grieved at the hardening of their hearts he said to the man stretch out your hand . he stretched it out and his hand was restored as healthy as the other .
yahweh spoke to moses that same day saying
they are foam on the surface of the waters . their portion is cursed in the earth they do n't turn into the way of the vineyards .
they die in youth . their life perishes among the unclean .
for israel has forgotten his maker and built palaces and judah has multiplied fortified cities but i will send a fire on his cities and it will devour its fortresses .
so then the lord jesus after he had spoken to them was received up into heaven and sat down at the right hand of god .
you afflicted tossed with tempest and not comforted behold i will set your stones in beautiful colors and lay your foundations with sapphires .
when you cry let those who you have gathered deliver you but the wind shall take them a breath shall carry them all away but he who takes refuge in me shall possess the land and shall inherit my holy mountain .
therefore i will judge you house of israel everyone according to his ways says the lord yahweh . return you and turn yourselves from all your transgressions so iniquity shall not be your ruin .
all who heard him were amazed at his understanding and his answers .
in the plain of the jordan did the king cast them in the clay ground between succoth and zarethan .
he measured the length of it twenty cubits and the breadth twenty cubits before the temple and he said to me this is the most holy place .
saul was very angry and this saying displeased him and he said they have ascribed to david ten thousands and to me they have ascribed but thousands and what can he have more but the kingdom
you shall fear yahweh your god and him shall you serve and shall swear by his name .
he cried with a mighty voice saying fallen fallen is babylon the great and she has become a habitation of demons a prison of every unclean spirit and a prison of every unclean and hateful bird
without faith it is impossible to be well pleasing to him for he who comes to god must believe that he exists and that he is a rewarder of those who seek him .
yet for all that when they are in the land of their enemies i will not reject them neither will i abhor them to destroy them utterly and to break my covenant with them for i am yahweh their god
but watch yourselves for they will deliver you up to councils . you will be beaten in synagogues . you will stand before rulers and kings for my sake for a testimony to them .
surely then shall you lift up your face without spot yes you shall be steadfast and shall not fear
as he sat on the mount of olives opposite the temple peter james john and andrew asked him privately
egypt rises up like the nile and his waters toss themselves like the rivers and he says i will rise up i will cover the earth i will destroy cities and the inhabitants of it .
then pharaoh said to him but what have you lacked with me that behold you seek to go to your own country he answered nothing however only let me depart .
he said to me daniel you man greatly beloved understand the words that i speak to you and stand upright for to you am i now sent . when he had spoken this word to me i stood trembling .
then joram passed over to zair and all his chariots with him and he rose up by night and struck the edomites who surrounded him and the captains of the chariots and the people fled to their tents .
the elder and the honorable man is the head and the prophet who teaches lies is the tail .
give diligence to present yourself approved by god a workman who does n't need to be ashamed properly handling the word of truth .
holding up the word of life that i may have something to boast in the day of christ that i did n't run in vain nor labor in vain .
that the cities which huram had given to solomon solomon built them and caused the children of israel to dwell there .
give thanks to yahweh with the lyre . sing praises to him with the harp of ten strings .
gathering together all the chief priests and scribes of the people he asked them where the christ would be born .
awake sword against my shepherd and against the man who is close to me says yahweh of armies . strike the shepherd and the sheep will be scattered and i will turn my hand against the little ones .
when all israel saw that the king did n't listen to them the people answered the king saying what portion have we in david neither have we inheritance in the son of jesse to your tents israel now see to your own house david . so israel departed to their tents .
now therefore take twelve men out of the tribes of israel for every tribe a man .
they said to joshua we are your servants . joshua said to them who are you and from whence come you
remember now yahweh i beg you how i have walked before you in truth and with a perfect heart and have done that which is good in your sight . hezekiah wept sore .
for as through the one man 's disobedience many were made sinners even so through the obedience of the one will many be made righteous .
and you shall give the money with which the remainder of them is redeemed to aaron and to his sons .
a devout man and one who feared god with all his house who gave gifts for the needy generously to the people and always prayed to god .
he had a son whose name was saul an impressive young man and there was not among the children of israel a better person than he . from his shoulders and upward he was higher than any of the people .
samuel said to saul why have you disquieted me to bring me up saul answered i am sore distressed for the philistines make war against me and god is departed from me and answers me no more neither by prophets nor by dreams therefore i have called you that you may make known to me what i shall do .
but jesus said to him follow me and leave the dead to bury their own dead .
now the word of yahweh came to jonah the son of amittai saying
then will i make this house like shiloh and will make this city a curse to all the nations of the earth .
my soul still remembers them and is bowed down within me .
but david had brought the ark of god up from kiriath jearim to the place that david had prepared for it for he had pitched a tent for it at jerusalem .
to shine on those who sit in darkness and the shadow of death to guide our feet into the way of peace .
for i lift up my hand to heaven and say as i live forever
even a fool when he keeps silent is counted wise . when he shuts his lips he is thought to be discerning .
also solomon sits on the throne of the kingdom .
the field and the cave that is in it were deeded to abraham for a possession of a burying place by the children of heth .
but when his heart was lifted up and his spirit was hardened so that he dealt proudly he was deposed from his kingly throne and they took his glory from him
jacob took to himself rods of fresh poplar almond plane tree peeled white streaks in them and made the white appear which was in the rods .
for such as are blessed by him shall inherit the land . those who are cursed by him shall be cut off .
there they were in great fear for god is in the generation of the righteous .
he gave over their livestock also to the hail and their flocks to hot thunderbolts .
it happened in process of time at the end of two years that his bowels fell out by reason of his sickness and he died of sore diseases . his people made no burning for him like the burning of his fathers .
so then my beloved even as you have always obeyed not only in my presence but now much more in my absence work out your own salvation with fear and trembling .
for on the first day of the first month began he to go up from babylon and on the first day of the fifth month came he to jerusalem according to the good hand of his god on him .
go and gather the elders of israel together and tell them yahweh the god of your fathers the god of abraham of isaac and of jacob has appeared to me saying i have surely visited you and seen that which is done to you in egypt
but he who hates his brother is in the darkness and walks in the darkness and does n't know where he is going because the darkness has blinded his eyes .
the appointed charge of the sons of merari shall be the tabernacle 's boards its bars its pillars its sockets all its instruments all its service
therefore neither the priests of dagon nor any who come into dagon 's house tread on the threshold of dagon in ashdod to this day .
i am afraid for you that i might have wasted my labor for you .
even the god who executes vengeance for me who brings down peoples under me
and he said if you will diligently listen to the voice of yahweh your god and will do that which is right in his eyes and will pay attention to his commandments and keep all his statutes i will put none of the diseases on you which i have put on the egyptians for i am yahweh who heals you .
he made the altar of burnt offering of acacia wood . it was square . its length was five cubits its breadth was five cubits and its height was three cubits .
for thus says yahweh like as i have brought all this great evil on this people so will i bring on them all the good that i have promised them .
but i must die in this land i must not go over the jordan but you shall go over and possess that good land .
pharaoh said i will let you go that you may sacrifice to yahweh your god in the wilderness only you shall not go very far away . pray for me .
these are the statutes and the ordinances which you shall observe to do in the land which yahweh the god of your fathers has given you to possess it all the days that you live on the earth .
and their king will go into captivity he and his princes together says yahweh .
then job answered
the wicked shall be turned back to sheol even all the nations that forget god .
for yahweh your god is he who goes with you to fight for you against your enemies to save you .
nevertheless you shall not build the house but your son who shall come forth out of your body he shall build the house for my name .
there went forth a wind from yahweh and brought quails from the sea and let them fall by the camp about a day 's journey on this side and a day 's journey on the other side round about the camp and about two cubits above the surface of the earth .
hiram king of tyre sent messengers to david and cedar trees and masons and carpenters to build him a house .
yahweh is my light and my salvation . whom shall i fear yahweh is the strength of my life . of whom shall i be afraid
you shall not eat it that it may go well with you and with your children after you when you shall do that which is right in the eyes of yahweh .
beloved do n't believe every spirit but test the spirits whether they are of god because many false prophets have gone out into the world .
the cloud removed from over the tent and behold miriam was leprous as white as snow and aaron looked at miriam and behold she was leprous .
wail you shepherds and cry and wallow in ashes you principal of the flock for the days of your slaughter and of your dispersions are fully come and you shall fall like a goodly vessel .
now i mean this that each one of you says i follow paul i follow apollos i follow cephas and i follow christ .
for thus says yahweh who created the heavens the god who formed the earth and made it who established it and did n't create it a waste who formed it to be inhabited i am yahweh and there is no one else .
if they be ashamed of all that they have done make known to them the form of the house and the fashion of it and the exits of it and the entrances of it and all the forms of it and all the ordinances of it and all the forms of it and all the laws of it and write it in their sight that they may keep the whole form of it and all the ordinances of it and do them .
they took every man his censer and put fire in them and laid incense thereon and stood at the door of the tent of meeting with moses and aaron .
for they refreshed my spirit and yours . therefore acknowledge those who are like that .
woe to you for you build the tombs of the prophets and your fathers killed them .
therefore i tell you do n't be anxious for your life what you will eat or what you will drink nor yet for your body what you will wear . is n't life more than food and the body more than clothing
what one nation in the earth is like your people israel whom god went to redeem to himself for a people to make you a name by great and awesome things in driving out nations from before your people whom you redeem out of egypt
david said to solomon his son be strong and of good courage and do it do n't be afraid nor be dismayed for yahweh god even my god is with you he will not fail you nor forsake you until all the work for the service of the house of yahweh is finished .
there was much murmuring among the multitudes concerning him . some said he is a good man . others said not so but he leads the multitude astray .
it grieves me that i have set up saul to be king for he is turned back from following me and has not performed my commandments . samuel was angry and he cried to yahweh all night .
the children of benjamin did not drive out the jebusites who inhabited jerusalem but the jebusites dwell with the children of benjamin in jerusalem to this day .
others testing him sought from him a sign from heaven .
she lay at his feet until the morning . she rose up before one could discern another . for he said let it not be known that the woman came to the threshing floor .
now we know that you know all things and do n't need for anyone to question you . by this we believe that you came forth from god .
he said to them go and tell that fox behold i cast out demons and perform cures today and tomorrow and the third day i complete my mission .
you came down also on mount sinai and spoke with them from heaven and gave them right ordinances and true laws good statutes and commandments
thus shall you say to the prophet what has yahweh answered you and what has yahweh spoken
then the king of israel called an officer and said get quickly micaiah the son of imla .
that they may know from the rising of the sun and from the west that there is none besides me i am yahweh and there is no one else .
all your enemies have opened their mouth wide against you they hiss and gnash the teeth they say we have swallowed her up certainly this is the day that we looked for we have found we have seen it .
but all these things are the beginning of birth pains .
he brought aaron 's sons and moses put some of the blood on the tip of their right ear and on the thumb of their right hand and on the great toe of their right foot and moses sprinkled the blood on the altar round about .
those who were numbered of them according to the number of all the males from a month old and upward were six thousand two hundred .
god 's temple that is in heaven was opened and the ark of the lord 's covenant was seen in his temple . lightnings sounds thunders an earthquake and great hail followed .
suddenly looking around they saw no one with them any more except jesus only .
for the head of syria is damascus and the head of damascus is rezin and within sixty - five years ephraim shall be broken in pieces so that it shall not be a people
the priest shall examine him on the seventh day . if it has spread in the skin then the priest shall pronounce him unclean . it is the plague of leprosy .
in a controversy they shall stand to judge according to my ordinances shall they judge it and they shall keep my laws and my statutes in all my appointed feasts and they shall make my sabbaths holy .
and he went down with them and came to nazareth . he was subject to them and his mother kept all these sayings in her heart .
for we will not inherit with them on the other side of the jordan and forward because our inheritance is fallen to us on this side of the jordan eastward .
surely i would speak to the almighty . i desire to reason with god .
they said yahweh the god of israel why has this happened in israel that there should be today one tribe lacking in israel
for when they went up to the valley of eshcol and saw the land they discouraged the heart of the children of israel that they should not go into the land which yahweh had given them .
on the south side shall be the standard of the camp of reuben according to their divisions . the prince of the children of reuben shall be elizur the son of shedeur .
notwithstanding hezekiah humbled himself for the pride of his heart both he and the inhabitants of jerusalem so that the wrath of yahweh did n't come on them in the days of hezekiah .
if the avenger of blood pursue after him then they shall not deliver up the manslayer into his hand because he struck his neighbor unawares and did n't hate him before .
when one told me saying behold saul is dead thinking to have brought good news i took hold of him and killed him in ziklag which was the reward i gave him for his news .
you shall make them linen breeches to cover the flesh of their nakedness from the waist even to the thighs they shall reach
you make us a byword among the nations a shaking of the head among the peoples .
solomon sought therefore to kill jeroboam but jeroboam arose and fled into egypt to shishak king of egypt and was in egypt until the death of solomon .
this is what yahweh of armies says these people say the time has n't yet come the time for yahweh 's house to be built . '
they struck of moab at that time about ten thousand men every lusty man and every man of valor and there escaped not a man .
blessed be yahweh my rock who teaches my hands to war and my fingers to battle
you son of man prophesy and say thus says the lord yahweh concerning the children of ammon and concerning their reproach and say you a sword a sword is drawn for the slaughter it is furbished to cause it to devour that it may be as lightning
jehoash slept with his fathers and was buried in samaria with the kings of israel and jeroboam his son reigned in his place .
of it he shall offer one out of each offering for a heave offering to yahweh . it shall be the priest 's who sprinkles the blood of the peace offerings .
when we had sailed slowly many days and had come with difficulty opposite cnidus the wind not allowing us further we sailed under the lee of crete opposite salmone .
the people the princes of gilead said one to another what man is he who will begin to fight against the children of ammon he shall be head over all the inhabitants of gilead .
but the men would n't listen to him so the man laid hold on his concubine and brought her forth to them and they knew her and abused her all the night until the morning and when the day began to spring they let her go .
so he called them in and lodged them . on the next day peter arose and went out with them and some of the brothers from joppa accompanied him .
it happened on the next day that moses went into the tent of the testimony and behold the rod of aaron for the house of levi was budded and put forth buds and produced blossoms and bore ripe almonds .
the days that david reigned over israel were forty years seven years reigned he in hebron and thirty - three years reigned he in jerusalem .
when david inquired of yahweh he said you shall not go up make a circuit behind them and come on them over against the mulberry trees .
therefore as sin entered into the world through one man and death through sin and so death passed to all men because all sinned .
so are the paths of all who forget god . the hope of the godless man shall perish
the tombs were opened and many bodies of the saints who had fallen asleep were raised
i behold i have appointed with him oholiab the son of ahisamach of the tribe of dan and in the heart of all who are wise - hearted i have put wisdom that they may make all that i have commanded you
yahweh said to joshua this day have i rolled away the reproach of egypt from off you . therefore the name of that place was called gilgal to this day .
you have enlarged my steps under me my feet have not slipped .
cursed be the man who brought news to my father saying a boy is born to you making him very glad .
now herod was very angry with the people of tyre and sidon . they came with one accord to him and having made blastus the king 's chamberlain their friend they asked for peace because their country depended on the king 's country for food .
take the rod and assemble the congregation you and aaron your brother and speak you to the rock before their eyes that it give forth its water and you shall bring forth to them water out of the rock so you shall give the congregation and their livestock drink .
they arose out of midian and came to paran and they took men with them out of paran and they came to egypt to pharaoh king of egypt who gave him a house and appointed him food and gave him land .
he who becomes the father of a fool grieves . the father of a fool has no joy .
they talked with each other about all of these things which had happened .
for because you did n't carry it at the first yahweh our god made a breach on us because we did n't seek him according to the ordinance .
also he made before the house two pillars of thirty - five cubits high and the capital that was on the top of each of them was five cubits .
samuel said to the cook bring the portion which i gave you of which i said to you set it by you .
he said to him i also am a prophet as you are and an angel spoke to me by the word of yahweh saying bring him back with you into your house that he may eat bread and drink water . but he lied to him .
but i have this against you that you left your first love .
as do mark aristarchus demas and luke my fellow workers .
around the throne were twenty - four thrones . on the thrones were twenty - four elders sitting dressed in white garments with crowns of gold on their heads .
by wisdom yahweh founded the earth . by understanding he established the heavens .
so they came and called to the porter of the city and they told them saying we came to the camp of the syrians and behold there was no man there neither voice of man but the horses tied and the donkeys tied and the tents as they were .
for the kingdom of heaven is like a man who was the master of a household who went out early in the morning to hire laborers for his vineyard .
they prayed and said you lord who know the hearts of all men show which one of these two you have chosen
they shall know that i am yahweh when i shall disperse them among the nations and scatter them through the countries .
and whatever you do work heartily as for the lord and not for men
remember the former things of old for i am god and there is none else i am god and there is none like me
they roasted the passover with fire according to the ordinance and the holy offerings boiled they in pots and in caldrons and in pans and carried them quickly to all the children of the people .
when asa heard these words and the prophecy of oded the prophet he took courage and put away the abominations out of all the land of judah and benjamin and out of the cities which he had taken from the hill country of ephraim and he renewed the altar of yahweh that was before the porch of yahweh .
then stood up jeshua the son of jozadak and his brothers the priests and zerubbabel the son of shealtiel and his brothers and built the altar of the god of israel to offer burnt offerings thereon as it is written in the law of moses the man of god .
how then was it counted when he was in circumcision or in uncircumcision not in circumcision but in uncircumcision .
the people grieved for benjamin because that yahweh had made a breach in the tribes of israel .
now the feast of unleavened bread which is called the passover drew near .
remember yahweh against the children of edom the day of jerusalem who said raze it raze it even to its foundation
yet he has no root in himself but endures for a while . when oppression or persecution arises because of the word immediately he stumbles .
god said let the waters under the sky be gathered together to one place and let the dry land appear and it was so .
you shall be blessed above all peoples there shall not be male or female barren among you or among your livestock .
when david came to ziklag he sent of the spoil to the elders of judah even to his friends saying behold a present for you of the spoil of the enemies of yahweh
the philistines gathered themselves together and came and encamped in shunem and saul gathered all israel together and they encamped in gilboa .
every base had four brazen wheels and axles of brass and the four feet of it had supports beneath the basin were the supports molten with wreaths at the side of each .
after you shall arise another kingdom inferior to you and another third kingdom of brass which shall bear rule over all the earth .
these twenty years i have been with you . your ewes and your female goats have not cast their young and i have n't eaten the rams of your flocks .
he killed it and moses took the blood and put it on the horns of the altar round about with his finger and purified the altar and poured out the blood at the base of the altar and sanctified it to make atonement for it .
hannah prayed and said my heart exults in yahweh my horn is exalted in yahweh my mouth is enlarged over my enemies because i rejoice in your salvation .
that also is accounted a land of rephaim rephaim lived therein before but the ammonites call them zamzummim
be careful therefore how you hear . for whoever has to him will be given and whoever does n't have from him will be taken away even that which he thinks he has .
moreover he who goes into the house while it is shut up shall be unclean until the evening .
the word of yahweh came expressly to ezekiel the priest the son of buzi in the land of the chaldeans by the river chebar and the hand of yahweh was there on him .
when evening came they brought to him many possessed with demons . he cast out the spirits with a word and healed all who were sick
they said the lord needs it .
but he was angry and would not go in . therefore his father came out and begged him .
you shall set up the court around it and hang up the screen of the gate of the court .
he said thus says yahweh make this valley full of trenches .
he went his way and began to proclaim in decapolis how jesus had done great things for him and everyone marveled .
it happened at that time when jeroboam went out of jerusalem that the prophet ahijah the shilonite found him in the way now ahijah had clad himself with a new garment and they two were alone in the field .
thus says the lord yahweh because moab and seir say behold the house of judah is like all the nations
nadab and abihu died before yahweh when they offered strange fire before yahweh in the wilderness of sinai and they had no children . eleazar and ithamar ministered in the priest 's office in the presence of aaron their father .
blessed is the man who makes yahweh his trust and does n't respect the proud nor such as turn aside to lies .
in these days peter stood up in the midst of the disciples and the number of names was about one hundred twenty and said
he went out from there . he came into his own country and his disciples followed him .
i know what i will do so that when i am removed from management they may receive me into their houses . '
what is it then i will pray with the spirit and i will pray with the understanding also . i will sing with the spirit and i will sing with the understanding also .
then after a period of fourteen years i went up again to jerusalem with barnabas taking titus also with me .
you shall write them on the door posts of your house and on your gates .
the archers have sorely grieved him shot at him and persecute him
so i stood beside him and killed him because i was sure that he could not live after that he was fallen and i took the crown that was on his head and the bracelet that was on his arm and have brought them here to my lord .
remember that you magnify his work whereof men have sung .
immediately in the synagogues he proclaimed the christ that he is the son of god .
for as the rain comes down and the snow from the sky and does n't return there but waters the earth and makes it bring forth and bud and gives seed to the sower and bread to the eater
i tell you that even so there will be more joy in heaven over one sinner who repents than over ninety - nine righteous people who need no repentance .
this your stature is like a palm tree your breasts like its fruit .
see how good and how pleasant it is for brothers to live together in unity
the grace of the lord jesus christ be with you .
you have clothed me with skin and flesh and knit me together with bones and sinews .
nor to build houses for us to dwell in neither have we vineyard nor field nor seed
i am the god of bethel where you anointed a pillar where you vowed a vow to me . now arise get out from this land and return to the land of your birth .
the king of israel said to jehoshaphat did n't i tell you that he would not prophesy good concerning me but evil
only to the land of the children of ammon you did n't come near all the side of the river jabbok and the cities of the hill country and wherever yahweh our god forbade us .
are you the first man who was born or were you brought forth before the hills
prepare you war against her arise and let us go up at noon . woe to us for the day declines for the shadows of the evening are stretched out .
paul stayed two whole years in his own rented house and received all who were coming to him
yet you shall be brought down to sheol to the depths of the pit .
saying to you i will give the land of canaan the lot of your inheritance
but i will leave in the midst of you an afflicted and poor people and they will take refuge in the name of yahweh .
he found in the temple those who sold oxen sheep and doves and the changers of money sitting .
they came again to jerusalem and as he was walking in the temple the chief priests and the scribes and the elders came to him
it happened as soon as he had made an end of offering the burnt offering that jehu said to the guard and to the captains go in and kill them let none come forth . they struck them with the edge of the sword and the guard and the captains cast them out and went to the city of the house of baal .
they shall know that i am yahweh their god who brought them forth out of the land of egypt that i might dwell among them i am yahweh their god .
those who were numbered of the families of the sons of merari by their families by their fathers ' houses
if fire breaks out and catches in thorns so that the shocks of grain or the standing grain or the field are consumed he who kindled the fire shall surely make restitution .
the consecrated things were six hundred oxen and three thousand sheep .
he had not consented to their counsel and deed from arimathaea a city of the jews who was also waiting for the kingdom of god
the child grew and was weaned . abraham made a great feast on the day that isaac was weaned .
when aaron and his sons have finished covering the sanctuary and all the furniture of the sanctuary as the camp moves forward after that the sons of kohath shall come to carry it but they shall not touch the sanctuary lest they die . these things are the burden of the sons of kohath in the tent of meeting .
elijah answered to the captain of fifty if i be a man of god let fire come down from the sky and consume you and your fifty . fire came down from the sky and consumed him and his fifty .
all the days of his vow of separation there shall no razor come on his head until the days are fulfilled in which he separates himself to yahweh . he shall be holy . he shall let the locks of the hair of his head grow long .
it stood still but i could n't discern the appearance of it a form was before my eyes . silence then i heard a voice saying
the children of dan went their way and when micah saw that they were too strong for him he turned and went back to his house .
our elders and all the inhabitants of our country spoke to us saying take provision in your hand for the journey and go to meet them and tell them we are your servants and now make you a covenant with us .
being assembled together with them he charged them do n't depart from jerusalem but wait for the promise of the father which you heard from me .
they will see his face and his name will be on their foreheads .
salt is good but if the salt becomes flat and tasteless with what do you season it
moses spoke so to the children of israel but they did n't listen to moses for anguish of spirit and for cruel bondage .
then she came and told the man of god . he said go sell the oil and pay your debt and live you and your sons of the rest .
we toil working with our own hands . when people curse us we bless . being persecuted we endure .
i saw something like a sea of glass mixed with fire and those who overcame the beast his image and the number of his name standing on the sea of glass having harps of god .
indignation has taken hold on me because of the wicked who forsake your law .
jehoiada made a covenant between himself and all the people and the king that they should be yahweh 's people .
so that we ourselves boast about you in the assemblies of god for your patience and faith in all your persecutions and in the afflictions which you endure .
you seed of abraham his servant you children of jacob his chosen ones .
they took all the spoil and all the prey both of man and of animal .
moreover i said to the king if it please the king let letters be given me to the governors beyond the river that they may let me pass through until i come to judah
but the king spared mephibosheth the son of jonathan the son of saul because of yahweh 's oath that was between them between david and jonathan the son of saul .
then he sent out a second on horseback who came to them and said thus says the king is it peace jehu answered what have you to do with peace turn you behind me .
the people got them by stealth that day into the city as people who are ashamed steal away when they flee in battle .
his going forth is from the end of the heavens his circuit to its ends there is nothing hidden from its heat .
they think it is strange that you do n't run with them into the same excess of riot blaspheming
then peter turning around saw a disciple following . this was the disciple whom jesus sincerely loved the one who had also leaned on jesus ' breast at the supper and asked lord who is going to betray you
it happened when jesus had finished these words he departed from galilee and came into the borders of judea beyond the jordan .
the breadth of the entrance was ten cubits and the sides of the entrance were five cubits on the one side and five cubits on the other side and he measured the length of it forty cubits and the breadth twenty cubits .
to the jews i became as a jew that i might gain jews to those who are under the law as under the law that i might gain those who are under the law
then jesus said i will be with you a little while longer then i go to him who sent me .
that i may take the house of israel in their own heart because they are all estranged from me through their idols .
i will walk before yahweh in the land of the living .
this shall be the priests ' due from the people from those who offer a sacrifice whether it be ox or sheep that they shall give to the priest the shoulder and the two cheeks and the maw .
and i and all the people who are with me will approach to the city . it shall happen when they come out against us as at the first that we will flee before them
they swore to yahweh with a loud voice and with shouting and with trumpets and with cornets .
you shall not take vengeance nor bear any grudge against the children of your people but you shall love your neighbor as yourself . i am yahweh .
let us therefore draw near with boldness to the throne of grace that we may receive mercy and may find grace for help in time of need .
they cried out away with him away with him crucify him pilate said to them shall i crucify your king the chief priests answered we have no king but caesar
can the papyrus grow up without mire can the rushes grow without water
yahweh your god has multiplied you and behold you are this day as the stars of the sky for multitude .
when a great argument arose the commanding officer fearing that paul would be torn in pieces by them commanded the soldiers to go down and take him by force from among them and bring him into the barracks .
six days you shall gather it but on the seventh day is the sabbath . in it there shall be none .
but that the world may know that i love the father and as the father commanded me even so i do . arise let us go from here .
he took and put the testimony into the ark and set the poles on the ark and put the mercy seat above on the ark .
but if you will not listen to us to be circumcised then we will take our sister and we will be gone .
i will incline my ear to a proverb . i will open my riddle on the harp .
babylon has been a golden cup in yahweh 's hand who made all the earth drunken the nations have drunk of her wine therefore the nations are mad .
for her sins have reached to the sky and god has remembered her iniquities .
righteousness will be the belt of his waist and faithfulness the belt of his waist .
your two breasts are like two fawns that are twins of a roe which feed among the lilies .
yahweh said to me take a large tablet and write on it with a man 's pen for maher shalal hash baz '
joseph commanded his servants the physicians to embalm his father and the physicians embalmed israel .
yahweh said to moses stretch out your hand over the land of egypt for the locusts that they may come up on the land of egypt and eat every herb of the land even all that the hail has left .
i will utter my judgments against them touching all their wickedness in that they have forsaken me and have burned incense to other gods and worshiped the works of their own hands .
yes when i cry and call for help he shuts out my prayer .
and they found him and told him everyone is looking for you .
for i most assuredly as being absent in body but present in spirit have already as though i were present judged him who has done this thing .
saying to aaron make us gods that will go before us for as for this moses who led us out of the land of egypt we do n't know what has become of him . '
your way god is in the sanctuary . what god is great like god
god said to noah this is the token of the covenant which i have established between me and all flesh that is on the earth .
do n't let kindness and truth forsake you . bind them around your neck . write them on the tablet of your heart .
and i will bring back all the people to you the man whom you seek is as if all returned so all the people shall be in peace .
and had taken captive the women and all who were therein both small and great they did n't kill any but carried them off and went their way .
give no occasions for stumbling either to jews or to greeks or to the assembly of god
listen you to the petitions of your servant and of your people israel when they shall pray toward this place yes hear from your dwelling place even from heaven and when you hear forgive .
nor did i go up to jerusalem to those who were apostles before me but i went away into arabia . then i returned to damascus .
then said jonathan to david whatever your soul desires i will even do it for you .
god has shown himself in her citadels as a refuge .
so he made two doors of olive wood and he carved on them carvings of cherubim and palm trees and open flowers and overlaid them with gold and he spread the gold on the cherubim and on the palm trees .
he will judge among the nations . he will heap up dead bodies . he will crush the ruler of the whole earth .
take aaron and his sons with him and the garments and the anointing oil and the bull of the sin offering and the two rams and the basket of unleavened bread
but every woman praying or prophesying with her head unveiled dishonors her head . for it is one and the same thing as if she were shaved .
but we will bless yah from this time forth and forevermore . praise yah
besides the continual burnt offering and the meal offering of it you shall offer them they shall be to you without blemish and their drink offerings .
he sings before men and says i have sinned and perverted that which was right and it did n't profit me .
now consider this you who forget god lest i tear you into pieces and there be none to deliver .
if a man have committed a sin worthy of death and he be put to death and you hang him on a tree
thus he said the fourth animal shall be a fourth kingdom on earth which shall be diverse from all the kingdoms and shall devour the whole earth and shall tread it down and break it in pieces .
if your father miss me at all then say david earnestly asked leave of me that he might run to bethlehem his city for it is the yearly sacrifice there for all the family .
lord how long will you look on rescue my soul from their destruction my precious life from the lions .
again i write a new commandment to you which is true in him and in you because the darkness is passing away and the true light already shines .
the men of nineveh will stand up in the judgment with this generation and will condemn it for they repented at the preaching of jonah and behold someone greater than jonah is here .
they rose up in the morning early and worshiped before yahweh and returned and came to their house to ramah and elkanah knew hannah his wife and yahweh remembered her .
sing heavens and be joyful earth and break forth into singing mountains for yahweh has comforted his people and will have compassion on his afflicted .
yahweh said to him go down and you shall bring aaron up with you but do n't let the priests and the people break through to come up to yahweh lest he break forth on them .
then there were two robbers crucified with him one on his right hand and one on the left .
after the two days he went out from there and went into galilee .
why was n't this ointment sold for three hundred denarii and given to the poor
as you still exalt yourself against my people that you wo n't let them go .
then i came to them of the captivity at tel aviv that lived by the river chebar and to where they lived and i sat there overwhelmed among them seven days .
for he knew him who would betray him therefore he said you are not all clean .
it happened when moses came down from mount sinai with the two tablets of the testimony in moses ' hand when he came down from the mountain that moses did n't know that the skin of his face shone by reason of his speaking with him .
but he does n't know that the dead are there that her guests are in the depths of sheol .
not only is there danger that this our trade come into disrepute but also that the temple of the great goddess artemis will be counted as nothing and her majesty destroyed whom all asia and the world worships .
therefore when the lord knew that the pharisees had heard that jesus was making and baptizing more disciples than john
surely the lord yahweh will do nothing unless he reveals his secret to his servants the prophets .
many times he delivered them but they were rebellious in their counsel and were brought low in their iniquity .
phinehas the son of eleazar was ruler over them in time past and yahweh was with him .
the work of the bases was on this manner they had panels and there were panels between the ledges
only you shall not eat its blood you shall pour it out on the ground as water .
saul said blessed be you of yahweh for you have had compassion on me .
but the wise answered saying what if there is n't enough for us and you you go rather to those who sell and buy for yourselves . '
the word of yahweh came to me saying
they open their mouths wide against me lions tearing prey and roaring .
he did n't lay his hand on the nobles of the children of israel . they saw god and ate and drank .
those who are perverse in heart are an abomination to yahweh but those whose ways are blameless are his delight .
yahweh spoke to gad david 's seer saying
let them praise yahweh for his loving kindness for his wonderful works for the children of men
the third lot came up for the children of zebulun according to their families and the border of their inheritance was to sarid
it happened when he had come that he blew a trumpet in the hill country of ephraim and the children of israel went down with him from the hill country and he before them .
i have called to you . save me i will obey your statutes .
this is how you shall make it . the length of the ark will be three hundred cubits the breadth of it fifty cubits and the height of it thirty cubits .
whether it has gored a son or has gored a daughter according to this judgment it shall be done to him .
yahweh heard the voice of your words when you spoke to me and yahweh said to me i have heard the voice of the words of this people which they have spoken to you they have well said all that they have spoken .
if he be able to fight with me and kill me then will we be your servants but if i prevail against him and kill him then shall you be our servants and serve us .
and hope does n't disappoint us because god 's love has been poured out into our hearts through the holy spirit who was given to us .
but to you yahweh i have cried . in the morning my prayer comes before you .
but you son of man hear what i tell you do n't be you rebellious like that rebellious house open your mouth and eat that which i give you .
while the children of israel were in the wilderness they found a man gathering sticks on the sabbath day .
but of which of the angels has he said at any time sit at my right hand until i make your enemies the footstool of your feet
all of them come for violence . their hordes face the desert . he gathers prisoners like sand .
he was returning and sitting in his chariot and was reading the prophet isaiah .
as for those of you who are left i will send a faintness into their hearts in the lands of their enemies and the sound of a driven leaf will put them to flight and they shall flee as one flees from the sword and they will fall when no one pursues .
he did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh he did n't depart all his days from the sins of jeroboam the son of nebat with which he made israel to sin .
but put forth your hand now and touch all that he has and he will renounce you to your face .
and tore the kingdom away from the house of david and gave it you and yet you have not been as my servant david who kept my commandments and who followed me with all his heart to do that only which was right in my eyes
you shall see the affliction of my habitation in all the wealth which god shall give israel and there shall not be an old man in your house forever .
samaria and her king float away like a twig on the water .
the leach has two daughters give give . ' there are three things that are never satisfied four that do n't say enough '
so he arose and went to zarephath and when he came to the gate of the city behold a widow was there gathering sticks and he called to her and said please get me a little water in a vessel that i may drink .
they shall keep all the furnishings of the tent of meeting and the obligations of the children of israel to do the service of the tabernacle .
now it happened after that amaziah was come from the slaughter of the edomites that he brought the gods of the children of seir and set them up to be his gods and bowed down himself before them and burned incense to them .
i applied my heart to know wisdom and to know madness and folly . i perceived that this also was a chasing after wind .
have n't you god rejected us you do n't go out with our armies god .
micah said to him whence come you he said to him i am a levite of bethlehem judah and i go to sojourn where i may find a place .
then stood up on the stairs of the levites jeshua and bani kadmiel shebaniah bunni sherebiah bani and chenani and cried with a loud voice to yahweh their god .
these are the words of the covenant which yahweh commanded moses to make with the children of israel in the land of moab besides the covenant which he made with them in horeb .
the winepress was trodden outside of the city and blood came out from the winepress even to the bridles of the horses as far as one thousand six hundred stadia .
yahweh spoke to joshua saying
they came to a place which was named gethsemane . he said to his disciples sit here while i pray .
the king made of the algum trees terraces for the house of yahweh and for the king 's house and harps and psalteries for the singers and there were none such seen before in the land of judah .
then said zedekiah to jeremiah let no man know of these words and you shall not die .
oh send out your light and your truth . let them lead me . let them bring me to your holy hill to your tents .
he has shown his people the power of his works in giving them the heritage of the nations .
in the third year of cyrus king of persia a thing was revealed to daniel whose name was called belteshazzar and the thing was true even a great warfare and he understood the thing and had understanding of the vision .
god will likewise destroy you forever . he will take you up and pluck you out of your tent and root you out of the land of the living . selah .
we made a raid on the south of the cherethites and on that which belongs to judah and on the south of caleb and we burned ziklag with fire .
do n't say a conspiracy ' concerning all about which this people say a conspiracy ' neither fear their threats nor be terrorized .
who alone has immortality dwelling in unapproachable light whom no man has seen nor can see to whom be honor and eternal power . amen .
for i will send pestilence into her and blood into her streets and the wounded shall fall in the midst of her with the sword on her on every side and they shall know that i am yahweh .
the haters of yahweh would cringe before him and their punishment would last forever .
hear my voice god in my complaint . preserve my life from fear of the enemy .
when the voice came jesus was found alone . they were silent and told no one in those days any of the things which they had seen .
gave his offering one silver platter the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels one silver bowl of seventy shekels after the shekel of the sanctuary both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering
who serve a copy and shadow of the heavenly things even as moses was warned by god when he was about to make the tabernacle for he said see you shall make everything according to the pattern that was shown to you on the mountain .
it will be that every soul that will not listen to that prophet will be utterly destroyed from among the people . '
yahweh said to moses i will do this thing also that you have spoken for you have found favor in my sight and i know you by name .
he did n't allow him but said to him go to your house to your friends and tell them what great things the lord has done for you and how he had mercy on you .
set up road signs make guideposts set your heart toward the highway even the way by which you went turn again virgin of israel turn again to these your cities .
the merciful man does good to his own soul but he who is cruel troubles his own flesh .
the men of his city even the elders and the nobles who lived in his city did as jezebel had sent to them according as it was written in the letters which she had sent to them .
but if you had known what this means i desire mercy and not sacrifice ' you would not have condemned the guiltless .
who has declared it from the beginning that we may know and before that we may say he is right ' surely there is no one who declares . surely there is no one who shows . surely there is no one who hears your words .
now when jesus was in bethany in the house of simon the leper
while they still did n't believe for joy and wondered he said to them do you have anything here to eat
ascribe to yahweh you relatives of the peoples ascribe to yahweh glory and strength
she said to them thus says yahweh the god of israel tell you the man who sent you to me
he saw a certain poor widow casting in two small brass coins .
yahweh said to me take for yourself yet again the equipment of a foolish shepherd .
he raises his hands against his friends . he has violated his covenant .
joshua sent men from jericho to ai which is beside beth aven on the east side of bethel and spoke to them saying go up and spy out the land . the men went up and spied out ai .
when i tried to understand this it was too painful for me
he said to them this kind can come out by nothing except by prayer and fasting .
against him came up nebuchadnezzar king of babylon and bound him in fetters to carry him to babylon .
in that day says yahweh i will assemble that which is lame and i will gather that which is driven away and that which i have afflicted
i know how to be humbled and i know also how to abound . in everything and in all things i have learned the secret both to be filled and to be hungry both to abound and to be in need .
i heard and my body trembled . my lips quivered at the voice . rottenness enters into my bones and i tremble in my place because i must wait quietly for the day of trouble for the coming up of the people who invade us .
it happened in those days that jesus came from nazareth of galilee and was baptized by john in the jordan .
the jailer being roused out of sleep and seeing the prison doors open drew his sword and was about to kill himself supposing that the prisoners had escaped .
it happened in the eleventh year in the first day of the month that the word of yahweh came to me saying
behold then i would wander far off . i would lodge in the wilderness . selah .
salvation from our enemies and from the hand of all who hate us
so samuel brought all the tribes of israel near and the tribe of benjamin was taken .
the enemy is overtaken by endless ruin . the very memory of the cities which you have overthrown has perished .
see you how ahab humbles himself before me because he humbles himself before me i will not bring the evil in his days but in his son 's days will i bring the evil on his house .
how is sheshach taken and the praise of the whole earth seized how is babylon become a desolation among the nations
in his right hand was the divination for jerusalem to set battering rams to open the mouth in the slaughter to lift up the voice with shouting to set battering rams against the gates to cast up mounds to build forts .
therefore martha said to jesus lord if you would have been here my brother would n't have died .
the seventh angel sounded and great voices in heaven followed saying the kingdom of the world has become the kingdom of our lord and of his christ . he will reign forever and ever
of the children of dan their generations by their families by their fathers ' houses according to the number of the names from twenty years old and upward all who were able to go forth to war
because of the ground which is cracked because no rain has been in the land the plowmen are disappointed they cover their heads .
then you shall sound the loud trumpet on the tenth day of the seventh month . on the day of atonement you shall sound the trumpet throughout all your land .
it happened after a while that the brook dried up because there was no rain in the land .
yes if you call out for discernment and lift up your voice for understanding
they chose new gods then was war in the gates was there a shield or spear seen among forty thousand in israel
yahweh said to gideon by the three hundred men who lapped will i save you and deliver the midianites into your hand and let all the people go every man to his place .
this continued for two years so that all those who lived in asia heard the word of the lord jesus both jews and greeks .
then eli answered go in peace and the god of israel grant your petition that you have asked of him .
he looked this way and that way and when he saw that there was no one he killed the egyptian and hid him in the sand .
for this cause brothers we were comforted over you in all our distress and affliction through your faith .
behold a man from the crowd called out saying teacher i beg you to look at my son for he is my only child .
that the name of our lord jesus may be glorified in you and you in him according to the grace of our god and the lord jesus christ .
for in this mountain the hand of yahweh will rest . moab will be trodden down in his place even like straw is trodden down in the water of the dunghill .
have n't i commanded you be strong and of good courage do n't be afraid neither be dismayed for yahweh your god is with you wherever you go .
then sang deborah and barak the son of abinoam on that day saying
whoever touches anything that was under him shall be unclean until the evening . he who carries those things shall wash his clothes and bathe himself in water and be unclean until the evening .
whom not having known you love in whom though now you do n't see him yet believing you rejoice greatly with joy unspeakable and full of glory
i will shoot three arrows on the side of it as though i shot at a mark .
then the five men who went to spy out the country of laish answered and said to their brothers do you know that there is in these houses an ephod and teraphim and an engraved image and a molten image now therefore consider what you have to do .
there is a grievous evil which i have seen under the sun wealth kept by its owner to his harm .
out of his mouth go burning torches sparks of fire leap forth .
he sent a man before them . joseph was sold for a slave .
do n't desire the night when people are cut off in their place .
and say thus says the lord yahweh a great eagle with great wings and long feathers full of feathers which had various colors came to lebanon and took the top of the cedar
adam was n't deceived but the woman being deceived has fallen into disobedience
he said to them is it well with him they said it is well . see rachel his daughter is coming with the sheep .
that day is a day of wrath a day of distress and anguish a day of trouble and ruin a day of darkness and gloom a day of clouds and blackness
go up into gilead and take balm virgin daughter of egypt in vain do you use many medicines there is no healing for you .
the destroyer shall come on every city and no city shall escape the valley also shall perish and the plain shall be destroyed as yahweh has spoken .
it happened at the end of three years that two of the servants of shimei ran away to achish son of maacah king of gath . they told shimei saying behold your servants are in gath .
for neither from the east nor from the west nor yet from the south comes exaltation .
david longed and said oh that one would give me water to drink of the well of bethlehem which is by the gate
when forty years were fulfilled an angel of the lord appeared to him in the wilderness of mount sinai in a flame of fire in a bush .
sixteen years old was he when he began to reign and he reigned fifty - two years in jerusalem and his mother 's name was jecoliah of jerusalem .
but you shall offer an offering made by fire a burnt offering to yahweh two young bulls and one ram and seven male lambs a year old they shall be to you without blemish
do n't you know that your bodies are members of christ shall i then take the members of christ and make them members of a prostitute may it never be
then menahem struck tiphsah and all who were therein and the borders of it from tirzah because they did n't open to him therefore he struck it and all the women therein who were with child he ripped up .
for where two or three are gathered together in my name there i am in the midst of them .
therefore they called these days purim after the name of pur . therefore because of all the words of this letter and of that which they had seen concerning this matter and that which had come to them
now in the fifth month on the seventh day of the month which was the nineteenth year of king nebuchadnezzar king of babylon came nebuzaradan the captain of the guard a servant of the king of babylon to jerusalem .
he took the twelve aside and said to them behold we are going up to jerusalem and all the things that are written through the prophets concerning the son of man will be completed .
david was afraid of yahweh that day and he said how shall the ark of yahweh come to me
his bones are like tubes of brass . his limbs are like bars of iron .
it was so when elisha the man of god heard that the king of israel had torn his clothes that he sent to the king saying why have you torn your clothes let him come now to me and he shall know that there is a prophet in israel .
he broke in pieces the pillars and cut down the asherim and filled their places with the bones of men .
the birds of the sky the fish of the sea and whatever passes through the paths of the seas .
from the days of john the baptizer until now the kingdom of heaven suffers violence and the violent take it by force .
he went to his father 's house at ophrah and killed his brothers the sons of jerubbaal being seventy persons on one stone but jotham the youngest son of jerubbaal was left for he hid himself .
the heart of the rash will understand knowledge and the tongue of the stammerers will be ready to speak plainly .
to them it was revealed that not to themselves but to you did they minister these things which now have been announced to you through those who preached the good news to you by the holy spirit sent out from heaven which things angels desire to look into .
yahweh spoke to moses saying
i coveted no one 's silver or gold or clothing .
the glory of yahweh went up from the midst of the city and stood on the mountain which is on the east side of the city .
the lips of the righteous feed many but the foolish die for lack of understanding .
the women said to naomi blessed be yahweh who has not left you this day without a near kinsman and let his name be famous in israel .
their heart is as callous as the fat but i delight in your law .
god will not withdraw his anger the helpers of rahab stoop under him .
as valleys are they spread forth as gardens by the riverside as aloes which yahweh has planted as cedar trees beside the waters .
again he returned and found them sleeping for their eyes were very heavy and they did n't know what to answer him .
the light shines in the darkness and the darkness has n't overcome it .
this i say therefore and testify in the lord that you no longer walk as the rest of the gentiles also walk in the futility of their mind
out of the tribe of dan elteke with its suburbs gibbethon with its suburbs
standing still jesus commanded him to be brought to him . when he had come near he asked him
for you say where is the house of the prince where is the tent in which the wicked lived '
for as the churning of milk brings forth butter and the wringing of the nose brings forth blood so the forcing of wrath brings forth strife .
one law shall be to him who is born at home and to the stranger who lives as a foreigner among you .
moses said to yahweh then the egyptians will hear it for you brought up this people in your might from among them
ishmael his son was thirteen years old when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin .
when they heard that he was alive and had been seen by her they disbelieved .
declare his glory among the nations his marvelous works among all the peoples .
then uzziah was angry and he had a censer in his hand to burn incense and while he was angry with the priests the leprosy broke forth in his forehead before the priests in the house of yahweh beside the altar of incense .
tamar put ashes on her head and tore her garment of various colors that was on her and she laid her hand on her head and went her way crying aloud as she went .
the word of yahweh came to me saying
no hand shall touch him but he shall surely be stoned or shot through whether it is animal or man he shall not live . ' when the trumpet sounds long they shall come up to the mountain .
in the twentieth year of jeroboam king of israel began asa to reign over judah .
he made him ride on the high places of the earth he ate the increase of the field he made him to suck honey out of the rock oil out of the flinty rock
the lord said to the servant go out into the highways and hedges and compel them to come in that my house may be filled .
blessed are those who mourn for they shall be comforted .
for the sake of the house of yahweh our god i will seek your good .
for those who have served well as deacons gain to themselves a good standing and great boldness in the faith which is in christ jesus .
they have ears but they do n't hear they have noses but they do n't smell
it happened when they were come into samaria that elisha said yahweh open the eyes of these men that they may see . yahweh opened their eyes and they saw and behold they were in the midst of samaria .
but absalom fled . the young man who kept the watch lifted up his eyes and looked and behold many people were coming by way of the hillside behind him .
behold i have made you into a new sharp threshing instrument with teeth . you will thresh the mountains and beat them small and will make the hills like chaff .
there were four tables for the burnt offering of hewn stone a cubit and a half long and a cubit and a half broad and one cubit high whereupon they laid the instruments with which they killed the burnt offering and the sacrifice .
now if there was perfection through the levitical priesthood for under it the people have received the law what further need was there for another priest to arise after the order of melchizedek and not be called after the order of aaron
jesus sat down opposite the treasury and saw how the multitude cast money into the treasury . many who were rich cast in much .
it will never be inhabited neither will it be lived in from generation to generation . the arabian will not pitch a tent there neither will shepherds make their flocks lie down there .
moreover you shall take no ransom for the life of a murderer who is guilty of death but he shall surely be put to death .
now i have prepared with all my might for the house of my god the gold for the things of gold and the silver for the things of silver and the brass for the things of brass the iron for the things of iron and wood for the things of wood onyx stones and stones to be set stones for inlaid work and of various colors and all manner of precious stones and marble stones in abundance .
forty - two years old was ahaziah when he began to reign and he reigned one year in jerusalem and his mother 's name was athaliah the daughter of omri .
to man he said behold the fear of the lord that is wisdom . to depart from evil is understanding . '
he is conceited knowing nothing but obsessed with arguments disputes and word battles from which come envy strife reviling evil suspicions
he spoke of trees from the cedar that is in lebanon even to the hyssop that springs out of the wall he spoke also of animals and of birds and of creeping things and of fish .
the heart of one who has understanding seeks knowledge but the mouths of fools feed on folly .
she gave the king one hundred twenty talents of gold and of spices very great store and precious stones there came no more such abundance of spices as these which the queen of sheba gave to king solomon .
if your brother has grown poor among you and sells himself to you you shall not make him to serve as a slave .
do n't take any gold nor silver nor brass in your money belts .
yahweh 's works are great pondered by all those who delight in them .
as also you acknowledged us in part that we are your boasting even as you also are ours in the day of our lord jesus .
now when joab saw that the battle was set against him before and behind he chose of all the choice men of israel and put them in array against the syrians .
all the people of the surrounding country of the gadarenes asked him to depart from them for they were very much afraid . he entered into the boat and returned .
also i spoke to the priests and to all this people saying thus says yahweh do n't listen to the words of your prophets who prophesy to you saying behold the vessels of yahweh 's house shall now shortly be brought again from babylon for they prophesy a lie to you .
i yahweh have called you in righteousness and will hold your hand and will keep you and make you a covenant for the people as a light for the nations
now i tell you withdraw from these men and leave them alone . for if this counsel or this work is of men it will be overthrown .
take away the wicked from the king 's presence and his throne will be established in righteousness .
you shall fear yahweh your god him shall you serve and to him shall you cleave and by his name shall you swear .
because i feared the great multitude and the contempt of families terrified me so that i kept silence and did n't go out of the door
and set forth customs which it is not lawful for us to accept or to observe being romans .
it happened on the next day when the philistines came to strip the slain that they found saul and his three sons fallen on mount gilboa .
he is clothed in a garment sprinkled with blood . his name is called the word of god .
in the same hour came forth the fingers of a man 's hand and wrote over against the lampstand on the plaster of the wall of the king 's palace and the king saw the part of the hand that wrote .
you shall remember that you were a bondservant in the land of egypt therefore i command you to do this thing .
and all these blessings shall come on you and overtake you if you shall listen to the voice of yahweh your god .
and to know christ 's love which surpasses knowledge that you may be filled with all the fullness of god .
so that there was the face of a man toward the palm tree on the one side and the face of a young lion toward the palm tree on the other side . thus was it made through all the house round about
if your people go out to battle against their enemies by whatever way you shall send them and they pray to you toward this city which you have chosen and the house which i have built for your name
the jews therefore sought him at the feast and said where is he
regard the patience of our lord as salvation even as our beloved brother paul also according to the wisdom given to him wrote to you
after this manner he made the ten bases all of them had one casting one measure and one form .
yahweh will be king over all the earth . in that day yahweh will be one and his name one .
now he is not the god of the dead but of the living for all are alive to him .
leah conceived and bore a son and she named him reuben . for she said because yahweh has looked at my affliction . for now my husband will love me .
and that most of the brothers in the lord being confident through my bonds are more abundantly bold to speak the word of god without fear .
for they intended evil against you . they plotted evil against you which can not succeed .
a man 's gift makes room for him and brings him before great men .
i will offer to you the sacrifice of thanksgiving and will call on the name of yahweh .
withstand him steadfast in your faith knowing that your brothers who are in the world are undergoing the same sufferings .
so all the elders of israel came to the king to hebron and david made a covenant with them in hebron before yahweh and they anointed david king over israel according to the word of yahweh by samuel .
when you saw that nahash the king of the children of ammon came against you you said to me no but a king shall reign over us when yahweh your god was your king .
but truly i tell you there were many widows in israel in the days of elijah when the sky was shut up three years and six months when a great famine came over all the land .
joseph brought in jacob his father and set him before pharaoh and jacob blessed pharaoh .
i will bless those who bless you and i will curse him who curses you . in you will all of the families of the earth be blessed .
when you eat and when you drink do n't you eat for yourselves and drink for yourselves
because your heart was tender and you did humble yourself before god when you heard his words against this place and against the inhabitants of it and have humbled yourself before me and have torn your clothes and wept before me i also have heard you says yahweh .
therefore you testify to yourselves that you are children of those who killed the prophets .
you also put my feet in the stocks and mark all my paths . you set a bound to the soles of my feet
when they had come in they went up into the upper room where they were staying that is peter john james andrew philip thomas bartholomew matthew james the son of alphaeus simon the zealot and judas the son of james .
i will also praise you with the harp for your faithfulness my god . i sing praises to you with the lyre holy one of israel .
they insulted him and said you are his disciple but we are disciples of moses .
she said give me a blessing for that you have set me in the land of the south give me also springs of water . he gave her the upper springs and the lower springs .
then sarah denied saying i did n't laugh for she was afraid . he said no but you did laugh .
benjamin returned at that time and they gave them the women whom they had saved alive of the women of jabesh gilead and yet so they were n't enough for them .
i therefore the prisoner in the lord beg you to walk worthily of the calling with which you were called
jehoshaphat his son reigned in his place and strengthened himself against israel .
and every spirit who does n't confess that jesus christ has come in the flesh is not of god and this is the spirit of the antichrist of whom you have heard that it comes . now it is in the world already .
he touched her hand and the fever left her . she got up and served him .
one of his heads looked like it had been wounded fatally . his fatal wound was healed and the whole earth marveled at the beast .
furthermore he made the court of the priests and the great court and doors for the court and overlaid the doors of them with brass .
the flood was forty days on the earth . the waters increased and lifted up the ark and it was lifted up above the earth .
if you seek her as silver and search for her as for hidden treasures
then the elders of his city shall call him and speak to him and if he stand and say i do n't want to take her
now it happened when all the people were baptized jesus also had been baptized and was praying . the sky was opened
and ain with its suburbs and juttah with its suburbs and beth shemesh with its suburbs nine cities out of those two tribes .
there were also others two criminals led with him to be put to death .
one who plots to do evil will be called a schemer .
then laban and bethuel answered the thing proceeds from yahweh . we ca n't speak to you bad or good .
i have been crucified with christ and it is no longer i that live but christ living in me . that life which i now live in the flesh i live by faith in the son of god who loved me and gave himself up for me .
now the congregation 's half was three hundred thirty - seven thousand five hundred sheep
joash king of israel took amaziah king of judah the son of joash the son of jehoahaz at beth shemesh and brought him to jerusalem and broke down the wall of jerusalem from the gate of ephraim to the corner gate four hundred cubits .
has n't the scripture said that the christ comes of the seed of david and from bethlehem the village where david was
as the nations that yahweh makes to perish before you so shall you perish because you would n't listen to the voice of yahweh your god .
rejoice in the lord always again i will say rejoice
for there is hope for a tree if it is cut down that it will sprout again that the tender branch of it will not cease .
he saved others but he ca n't save himself . if he is the king of israel let him come down from the cross now and we will believe in him .
every bed whereon he who has the discharge lies shall be unclean and everything he sits on shall be unclean .
it happened at the return of the year at the time when kings go out to battle that david sent joab and his servants with him and all israel and they destroyed the children of ammon and besieged rabbah . but david stayed at jerusalem .
then hezekiah turned his face to the wall and prayed to yahweh
yes i beg you that i may not when present show courage with the confidence with which i intend to be bold against some who consider us to be walking according to the flesh .
we roar all like bears and moan sore like doves we look for justice but there is none for salvation but it is far off from us .
grace mercy and peace will be with us from god the father and from the lord jesus christ the son of the father in truth and love .
i adjure you daughters of jerusalem by the roes or by the hinds of the field that you not stir up nor awaken love until it so desires .
they have emptied out the money that was found in the house of yahweh and have delivered it into the hand of the overseers and into the hand of the workmen .
he went out about the third hour and saw others standing idle in the marketplace .
for the king had ships that went to tarshish with the servants of huram once every three years came the ships of tarshish bringing gold and silver ivory and apes and peacocks .
it happened after the death of joshua the children of israel asked of yahweh saying who shall go up for us first against the canaanites to fight against them
at lystra a certain man sat impotent in his feet a cripple from his mother 's womb who never had walked .
he broke down the tower of penuel and killed the men of the city .
i would declare to him the number of my steps . as a prince would i go near to him .
for they vex you with their wiles with which they have deceived you in the matter of peor and in the matter of cozbi the daughter of the prince of midian their sister who was slain on the day of the plague in the matter of peor .
to these he also showed himself alive after he suffered by many proofs appearing to them over a period of forty days and speaking about god 's kingdom .
if the ear would say because i 'm not the eye i 'm not part of the body it 's not therefore not part of the body .
then jesus came and took the bread gave it to them and the fish likewise .
joram said make ready . they made ready his chariot . joram king of israel and ahaziah king of judah went out each in his chariot and they went out to meet jehu and found him in the portion of naboth the jezreelite .
they cast out many demons and anointed many with oil who were sick and healed them .
accounting the reproach of christ greater riches than the treasures of egypt for he looked to the reward .
for i determined not to know anything among you except jesus christ and him crucified .
yahweh spoke to moses saying
can your heart endure or can your hands be strong in the days that i shall deal with you i yahweh have spoken it and will do it .
and he had two wives the name of the one was hannah and the name of other peninnah and peninnah had children but hannah had no children .
they commanded the children of benjamin saying go and lie in wait in the vineyards
while he yet spoke behold jonathan the son of abiathar the priest came and adonijah said come in for you are a worthy man and bring good news .
day by day continuing steadfastly with one accord in the temple and breaking bread at home they took their food with gladness and singleness of heart
they answered him our father is abraham . jesus said to them if you were abraham 's children you would do the works of abraham .
again i tell you it is easier for a camel to go through a needle 's eye than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of god .
when you offer an offering of a meal offering baked in the oven it shall be unleavened cakes of fine flour mixed with oil or unleavened wafers anointed with oil .
he sent young men of the children of israel who offered burnt offerings and sacrificed peace offerings of oxen to yahweh .
the cows took the straight way by the way to beth shemesh they went along the highway lowing as they went and did n't turn aside to the right hand or to the left and the lords of the philistines went after them to the border of beth shemesh .
now it happened when adoni - zedek king of jerusalem heard how joshua had taken ai and had utterly destroyed it as he had done to jericho and her king so he had done to ai and her king and how the inhabitants of gibeon had made peace with israel and were among them
the land of egypt is before you . make your father and your brothers dwell in the best of the land . let them dwell in the land of goshen . if you know any able men among them then put them in charge of my livestock .
remember them my god because they have defiled the priesthood and the covenant of the priesthood and of the levites .
you will be hated by all men for my name 's sake .
i will put a division between my people and your people by tomorrow shall this sign be . '
keep your tongue from evil and your lips from speaking lies .
they indeed of the sons of levi who receive the priest 's office have a commandment to take tithes of the people according to the law that is of their brothers though these have come out of the body of abraham
judah became his sanctuary israel his dominion .
he saw two boats standing by the lake but the fishermen had gone out of them and were washing their nets .
into whatever city or village you enter find out who in it is worthy and stay there until you go on .
yet have respect for the prayer of your servant and for his supplication yahweh my god to listen to the cry and to the prayer which your servant prays before you this day
ascribe to yahweh you sons of the mighty ascribe to yahweh glory and strength .
you have bought me no sweet cane with money neither have you filled me with the fat of your sacrifices but you have burdened me with your sins you have wearied me with your iniquities .
judas the son of james and judas iscariot who also became a traitor .
from thirty years old and upward until fifty years old shall you number them all who enter in to wait on the service to do the work in the tent of meeting .
but i will settle him in my house and in my kingdom forever and his throne shall be established forever .
and it happened as he sowed some seed fell by the road and the birds came and devoured it .
yahweh said to joshua do n't fear them for i have delivered them into your hands there shall not a man of them stand before you .
all sheep and oxen yes and the animals of the field
therefore son of man prophesy and tell gog thus says the lord yahweh in that day when my people israel dwells securely shall you not know it
solomon ruled over all the kingdoms from the river to the land of the philistines and to the border of egypt they brought tribute and served solomon all the days of his life .
faithful are the wounds of a friend although the kisses of an enemy are profuse .
the idols shall utterly pass away .
he asked the scribes what are you asking them
do n't forsake me yahweh . my god do n't be far from me .
but jesus answered them you are mistaken not knowing the scriptures nor the power of god .
thus says the lord yahweh in the first month in the first day of the month you shall take a young bull without blemish and you shall cleanse the sanctuary .
then zedekiah the king commanded and they committed jeremiah into the court of the guard and they gave him daily a loaf of bread out of the bakers ' street until all the bread in the city was spent . thus jeremiah remained in the court of the guard .
he said to his people behold the people of the children of israel are more and mightier than we .
it happened as they emptied their sacks that behold every man 's bundle of money was in his sack . when they and their father saw their bundles of money they were afraid .
for this service of giving that you perform not only makes up for lack among the saints but abounds also through many givings of thanks to god
into whatever house you enter stay there and depart from there .
we are of god . he who knows god listens to us . he who is not of god does n't listen to us . by this we know the spirit of truth and the spirit of error .
and might deliver all of them who through fear of death were all their lifetime subject to bondage .
he will judge the poor of the people . he will save the children of the needy and will break the oppressor in pieces .
also pull out some for her from the bundles and leave it and let her glean and do n't rebuke her .
for you yahweh of armies the god of israel have revealed to your servant saying i will build you a house therefore has your servant found in his heart to pray this prayer to you .
thus shall you say to them the gods that have not made the heavens and the earth these shall perish from the earth and from under the heavens .
he himself was in the stern asleep on the cushion and they woke him up and told him teacher do n't you care that we are dying
the children struggled together within her . she said if it be so why do i live she went to inquire of yahweh .
the elders of jabesh said to him give us seven days ' respite that we may send messengers to all the borders of israel and then if there be none to save us we will come out to you .
instructing us to the intent that denying ungodliness and worldly lusts we would live soberly righteously and godly in this present world
it is not the great who are wise nor the aged who understand justice .
what agreement has a temple of god with idols for you are a temple of the living god . even as god said i will dwell in them and walk in them and i will be their god and they will be my people .
they spend their days in prosperity . in an instant they go down to sheol .
not for these only do i pray but for those also who believe in me through their word
do n't lie to one another seeing that you have put off the old man with his doings
but jesus knowing this said to them why do you trouble the woman because she has done a good work for me .
the wing of the other cherub was five cubits reaching to the wall of the house and the other wing was five cubits also joining to the wing of the other cherub .
and in nothing frightened by the adversaries which is for them a proof of destruction but to you of salvation and that from god .
i said my strength is perished and my expectation from yahweh .
david said to him to whom belong you and whence are you he said i am a young man of egypt servant to an amalekite and my master left me because three days ago i fell sick .
the levites shall answer and tell all the men of israel with a loud voice
rehoboam lived in jerusalem and built cities for defense in judah .
reuben answered them saying did n't i tell you saying do n't sin against the child ' and you would n't listen therefore also behold his blood is required .
when joseph 's brothers saw that their father was dead they said it may be that joseph will hate us and will fully pay us back for all of the evil which we did to him .
neither shall men break bread for them in mourning to comfort them for the dead neither shall men give them the cup of consolation to drink for their father or for their mother .
behold a certain man who had dropsy was in front of him .
he stood and cried to the armies of israel and said to them why are you come out to set your battle in array am i not a philistine and you servants to saul choose you a man for you and let him come down to me .
yes if a man lives many years let him rejoice in them all but let him remember the days of darkness for they shall be many . all that comes is vanity .
son of man what is this proverb that you have in the land of israel saying the days are prolonged and every vision fails
i will lay it a wasteland . it wo n't be pruned nor hoed but it will grow briers and thorns . i will also command the clouds that they rain no rain on it .
which he made to abound toward us in all wisdom and prudence
aaron was one hundred twenty - three years old when he died in mount hor .
god said let there be lights in the expanse of sky to divide the day from the night and let them be for signs and for seasons and for days and years
if a man have two wives the one beloved and the other hated and they have borne him children both the beloved and the hated and if the firstborn son be hers who was hated
the singers the sons of asaph were in their place according to the commandment of david and asaph and heman and jeduthun the king 's seer and the porters were at every gate they did n't need to depart from their service for their brothers the levites prepared for them .
david said to his men gird you on every man his sword . they girded on every man his sword and david also girded on his sword and there went up after david about four hundred men and two hundred abode by the baggage .
when they go i will spread my net on them . i will bring them down like the birds of the sky . i will chastise them as their congregation has heard .
but zerubbabel and jeshua and the rest of the heads of fathers ' houses of israel said to them you have nothing to do with us in building a house to our god but we ourselves together will build to yahweh the god of israel as king cyrus the king of persia has commanded us .
moreover the word of yahweh came to me saying
you shall wash your clothes on the seventh day and you shall be clean and afterward you shall come into the camp .
but jehoiada the priest took a chest and bored a hole in the lid of it and set it beside the altar on the right side as one comes into the house of yahweh and the priests who kept the threshold put therein all the money that was brought into the house of yahweh .
my face is red with weeping . deep darkness is on my eyelids .
the priest shall offer the sin offering and make atonement for him who is to be cleansed because of his uncleanness and afterward he shall kill the burnt offering
my father who has given them to me is greater than all . no one is able to snatch them out of my father 's hand .
so they set them up micah 's engraved image which he made all the time that the house of god was in shiloh .
when the child was grown it fell on a day that he went out to his father to the reapers .
jerusalem jerusalem that kills the prophets and stones those who are sent to her how often i wanted to gather your children together like a hen gathers her own brood under her wings and you refused
there came to him sadducees who say that there is no resurrection . they asked him saying
yahweh said to moses take all the chiefs of the people and hang them up to yahweh before the sun that the fierce anger of yahweh may turn away from israel .
but they mocked the messengers of god and despised his words and scoffed at his prophets until the wrath of yahweh arose against his people until there was no remedy .
even those who were numbered of them by their families by their fathers ' houses were two thousand six hundred thirty .
he said to him which ones jesus said you shall not murder . ' you shall not commit adultery . ' you shall not steal . ' you shall not offer false testimony . '
jesus answered them did n't i choose you the twelve and one of you is a devil
for one will hardly die for a righteous man . yet perhaps for a righteous person someone would even dare to die .
i will open my mouth in a parable . i will utter dark sayings of old
take your father and your households and come to me and i will give you the good of the land of egypt and you will eat the fat of the land . '
they struck the men who were at the door of the house with blindness both small and great so that they wearied themselves to find the door .
jacob said to him my lord knows that the children are tender and that the flocks and herds with me have their young and if they overdrive them one day all the flocks will die .
and your strength will be spent in vain for your land wo n't yield its increase neither will the trees of the land yield their fruit .
rejoice you with jerusalem and be glad for her all you who love her rejoice for joy with her all you who mourn over her
the elders of the congregation shall lay their hands on the head of the bull before yahweh and the bull shall be killed before yahweh .
all nations shall call you blessed for you will be a delightful land says yahweh of armies .
in his days nebuchadnezzar king of babylon came up and jehoiakim became his servant three years then he turned and rebelled against him .
moreover of the children of the strangers who sojourn among you of them you may buy and of their families who are with you which they have conceived in your land and they will be your property .
he charged us to preach to the people and to testify that this is he who is appointed by god as the judge of the living and the dead .
all the house of joseph his brothers and his father 's house . only their little ones their flocks and their herds they left in the land of goshen .
you have not known him but i know him . if i said i do n't know him ' i would be like you a liar . but i know him and keep his word .
and the lord make you to increase and abound in love one toward another and toward all men even as we also do toward you
after the uproar had ceased paul sent for the disciples took leave of them and departed to go into macedonia .
jehoshaphat slept with his fathers and was buried with his fathers in the city of david and jehoram his son reigned in his place .
the anger of yahweh was kindled against israel and he sold them into the hand of the philistines and into the hand of the children of ammon .
for an unloved woman when she is married and a handmaid who is heir to her mistress .
they kill the widow and the alien and murder the fatherless .
joab the son of zeruiah and the servants of david went out and met them by the pool of gibeon and they sat down the one on the one side of the pool and the other on the other side of the pool .
some pour out gold from the bag and weigh silver in the balance . they hire a goldsmith and he makes it a god . they fall downyes they worship .
he causes all the small and the great the rich and the poor and the free and the slave to be given marks on their right hands or on their foreheads
in the meanwhile the disciples urged him saying rabbi eat .
and strip aaron of his garments and put them on eleazar his son and aaron shall be gathered to his people and shall die there .
a voice came to him again the second time what god has cleansed you must not call unclean .
for my sighing comes before i eat my groanings are poured out like water .
and cast him into the abyss and shut it and sealed it over him that he should deceive the nations no more until the thousand years were finished . after this he must be freed for a short time .
tear your heart and not your garments and turn to yahweh your god for he is gracious and merciful slow to anger and abundant in loving kindness and relents from sending calamity .
i have trodden the winepress alone and of the peoples there was no man with me yes i trod them in my anger and trampled them in my wrath and their lifeblood is sprinkled on my garments and i have stained all my clothing .
be diligent to come to me soon
but he shall acknowledge the firstborn the son of the hated by giving him a double portion of all that he has for he is the beginning of his strength the right of the firstborn is his .
you shall not lie with any animal to defile yourself with it neither shall any woman give herself to an animal to lie down with it it is a perversion .
nor height nor depth nor any other created thing will be able to separate us from the love of god which is in christ jesus our lord .
better is the end of a thing than its beginning . the patient in spirit is better than the proud in spirit .
balak did as balaam had spoken and balak and balaam offered on every altar a bull and a ram .
the children of israel again did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh and yahweh strengthened eglon the king of moab against israel because they had done that which was evil in the sight of yahweh .
the tent its outer covering its roof its clasps its boards its bars its pillars and its sockets
then he came and he took it out of the right hand of him who sat on the throne .
saying prophesy to us you christ who hit you
yahweh said to moses yet one plague more will i bring on pharaoh and on egypt afterwards he will let you go . when he lets you go he will surely thrust you out altogether .
i took your sin the calf which you had made and burnt it with fire and stamped it grinding it very small until it was as fine as dust and i cast the dust of it into the brook that descended out of the mountain .
make me savory food such as i love and bring it to me that i may eat and that my soul may bless you before i die .
my son give me your heart and let your eyes keep in my ways .
do n't speak against one another brothers . he who speaks against a brother and judges his brother speaks against the law and judges the law . but if you judge the law you are not a doer of the law but a judge .
they began to accuse him saying we found this man perverting the nation forbidding paying taxes to caesar and saying that he himself is christ a king .
forty - one years reigned he in jerusalem and his mother 's name was maacah the daughter of abishalom .
the words of jeremiah the son of hilkiah of the priests who were in anathoth in the land of benjamin
now david fled and escaped and came to samuel to ramah and told him all that saul had done to him . he and samuel went and lived in naioth .
a man of many companions may be ruined but there is a friend who sticks closer than a brother .
have the workers of iniquity no knowledge who eat up my people as they eat bread and do n't call on god
david sent messengers to the men of jabesh gilead and said to them blessed be you of yahweh that you have shown this kindness to your lord even to saul and have buried him .
he blessed him and said blessed be abram of god most high possessor of heaven and earth
having eyes full of adultery and who ca n't cease from sin enticing unsettled souls having a heart trained in greed children of cursing
we know and have believed the love which god has for us . god is love and he who remains in love remains in god and god remains in him .
that it might take hold of the ends of the earth and shake the wicked out of it
when he rose up from his prayer he came to the disciples and found them sleeping because of grief
the watchman said i think the running of the foremost is like the running of ahimaaz the son of zadok . the king said he is a good man and comes with good news .
behold the acts of asa first and last behold they are written in the book of the kings of judah and israel .
wo n't i in that day says yahweh destroy the wise men out of edom and understanding out of the mountain of esau
in the day of my trouble i sought the lord . my hand was stretched out in the night and did n't get tired . my soul refused to be comforted .
yahweh rewarded me according to my righteousness according to the cleanness of my hands has he recompensed me .
yahweh spoke to moses saying
then joshua called the reubenites and the gadites and the half - tribe of manasseh
he said to the levites who taught all israel who were holy to yahweh put the holy ark in the house which solomon the son of david king of israel did build there shall no more be a burden on your shoulders now serve yahweh your god and his people israel .
they all as one began to make excuses . the first said to him i have bought a field and i must go and see it . please have me excused . '
i will stretch out my hand against judah and against all the inhabitants of jerusalem . i will cut off the remnant of baal from this place the name of the idolatrous and pagan priests
then shall your light break forth as the morning and your healing shall spring forth speedily and your righteousness shall go before you the glory of yahweh shall be your rear guard .
your children shall be wanderers in the wilderness forty years and shall bear your prostitution until your dead bodies be consumed in the wilderness .
while i am in the world i am the light of the world .
his ways are prosperous at all times he is haughty and your laws are far from his sight as for all his adversaries he sneers at them .
not that we are sufficient of ourselves to account anything as from ourselves but our sufficiency is from god
the six hundred men girt with their weapons of war who were of the children of dan stood by the entrance of the gate .
they ought to have been here before you and to make accusation if they had anything against me .
for the children of israel and the children of levi shall bring the wave offering of the grain of the new wine and of the oil to the chambers where are the vessels of the sanctuary and the priests who minister and the porters and the singers and we will not forsake the house of our god .
the five men who went to spy out the land went up and came in there and took the engraved image and the ephod and the teraphim and the molten image and the priest stood by the entrance of the gate with the six hundred men girt with weapons of war .
am i a god at hand says yahweh and not a god afar off
josiah was eight years old when he began to reign and he reigned thirty - one years in jerusalem .
your lips my bride drip like the honeycomb . honey and milk are under your tongue . the smell of your garments is like the smell of lebanon .
it will happen at the harvests that you shall give a fifth to pharaoh and four parts will be your own for seed of the field for your food for them of your households and for food for your little ones .
there was a certain jew in shushan the palace whose name was mordecai the son of jair the son of shimei the son of kish a benjamite
a sword shall come on egypt and anguish shall be in ethiopia when the slain shall fall in egypt and they shall take away her multitude and her foundations shall be broken down .
pour out your wrath on the nations that do n't know you on the kingdoms that do n't call on your name
king solomon raised a levy out of all israel and the levy was thirty thousand men .
do n't receive an accusation against an elder except at the word of two or three witnesses .
the deep says it is n't in me . ' the sea says it is n't with me . '
the fish that are in the river shall die and the river shall become foul and the egyptians shall loathe to drink water from the river . '
the lord announced the word . the ones who proclaim it are a great company .
aaron shall lay both his hands on the head of the live goat and confess over him all the iniquities of the children of israel and all their transgressions even all their sins and he shall put them on the head of the goat and shall send him away into the wilderness by the hand of a man who is in readiness .
isaac came from the way of beer lahai roi for he lived in the land of the south .
the priest 's heart was glad and he took the ephod and the teraphim and the engraved image and went in the midst of the people .
the thin heads of grain swallowed up the seven healthy and full ears . pharaoh awoke and behold it was a dream .
but thomas one of the twelve called didymus was n't with them when jesus came .
until the time that his word happened and yahweh 's word proved him true .
ezra the priest stood up and said to them you have trespassed and have married foreign women to increase the guilt of israel .
but israel following after a law of righteousness did n't arrive at the law of righteousness .
the keeper of the prison did n't look after anything that was under his hand because yahweh was with him and that which he did yahweh made it prosper .
brothers i may tell you freely of the patriarch david that he both died and was buried and his tomb is with us to this day .
six days shall work be done but on the seventh day is a sabbath of solemn rest holy to yahweh . whoever does any work on the sabbath day shall surely be put to death .
he shall kill the lamb of the trespass offering . the priest shall take some of the blood of the trespass offering and put it on the tip of the right ear of him who is to be cleansed and on the thumb of his right hand and on the big toe of his right foot .
i jesus have sent my angel to testify these things to you for the assemblies . i am the root and the offspring of david the bright and morning star .
everyone therefore who confesses me before men him i will also confess before my father who is in heaven .
but jehoshaphat said is n't there here a prophet of yahweh that we may inquire of yahweh by him one of the king of israel 's servants answered elisha the son of shaphat is here who poured water on the hands of elijah .
when abner was returned to hebron joab took him aside into the midst of the gate to speak with him quietly and struck him there in the body so that he died for the blood of asahel his brother .
be strong and of good courage for you shall cause this people to inherit the land which i swore to their fathers to give them .
yet it pleased yahweh to bruise him he has put him to grief when you shall make his soul an offering for sin he shall see his seed he shall prolong his days and the pleasure of yahweh shall prosper in his hand .
moses took the rod from before yahweh as he commanded him .
she laid up his garment by her until his master came home .
his lord said to him well done good and faithful servant . you have been faithful over a few things i will set you over many things . enter into the joy of your lord . '
they asked baruch saying tell us now how did you write all these words at his mouth
they sent a letter to him in which was written thus to darius the king all peace .
the wind blows where it wants to and you hear its sound but do n't know where it comes from and where it is going . so is everyone who is born of the spirit .
he went on his journeys from the south even to bethel to the place where his tent had been at the beginning between bethel and ai
but have lifted up yourself against the lord of heaven and they have brought the vessels of his house before you and you and your lords your wives and your concubines have drunk wine from them and you have praised the gods of silver and gold of brass iron wood and stone which do n't see nor hear nor know and the god in whose hand your breath is and whose are all your ways you have not glorified .
therefore hear now this you afflicted and drunken but now with wine
from now on let no one cause me any trouble for i bear the marks of the lord jesus branded on my body .
if you shall keep all this commandment to do it which i command you this day to love yahweh your god and to walk ever in his ways then shall you add three cities more for you besides these three
then achish gave him ziklag that day why ziklag pertains to the kings of judah to this day .
the kings of the earth the princes the commanding officers the rich the strong and every slave and free person hid themselves in the caves and in the rocks of the mountains .
my eye shall not spare you neither will i have pity but i will bring your ways on you and your abominations shall be in the midst of you and you shall know that i am yahweh .
then his sister said to pharaoh 's daughter should i go and call a nurse for you from the hebrew women that she may nurse the child for you
then i looked and see in the expanse that was over the head of the cherubim there appeared above them as it were a sapphire stone as the appearance of the likeness of a throne .
let them vanish as water that flows away . when they draw the bow let their arrows be made blunt .
my heart was hot within me . while i meditated the fire burned i spoke with my tongue
when they had appointed elders for them in every assembly and had prayed with fasting they commended them to the lord on whom they had believed .
not everyone who says to me lord lord ' will enter into the kingdom of heaven but he who does the will of my father who is in heaven .
thus said yahweh to me go and stand in the gate of the children of the people through which the kings of judah come in and by which they go out and in all the gates of jerusalem
there is silver beaten into plates which is brought from tarshish and gold from uphaz the work of the artificer and of the hands of the goldsmith blue and purple for their clothing they are all the work of skillful men .
this is the message which we have heard from him and announce to you that god is light and in him is no darkness at all .
turn your ear and listen to the words of the wise . apply your heart to my teaching .
let them be desolate by reason of their shame that tell me aha aha
yes and all who desire to live godly in christ jesus will suffer persecution .
david took from him one thousand seven hundred horsemen and twenty thousand footmen and david hamstrung all the chariot horses but reserved of them for one hundred chariots .
the children of israel spoke to moses saying behold we perish we are undone we are all undone .
the word which came to jeremiah from yahweh when king zedekiah sent to him pashhur the son of malchijah and zephaniah the son of maaseiah the priest saying
after this it happened that david struck the philistines and subdued them and took gath and its towns out of the hand of the philistines .
now he said this not because he cared for the poor but because he was a thief and having the money box used to steal what was put into it .
the men of israel and of judah arose and shouted and pursued the philistines until you come to gai and to the gates of ekron . the wounded of the philistines fell down by the way to shaaraim even to gath and to ekron .
who also sealed us and gave us the down payment of the spirit in our hearts .
ezra the scribe stood on a pulpit of wood which they had made for the purpose and beside him stood mattithiah and shema and anaiah and uriah and hilkiah and maaseiah on his right hand and on his left hand pedaiah and mishael and malchijah and hashum and hashbaddanah zechariah and meshullam .
in a dream in a vision of the night when deep sleep falls on men in slumbering on the bed
one golden ladle of ten shekels full of incense
above all taking up the shield of faith with which you will be able to quench all the fiery darts of the evil one .
what i tell you in the darkness speak in the light and what you hear whispered in the ear proclaim on the housetops .
my lips shall shout for joy my soul which you have redeemed sings praises to you
bearing with one another and forgiving each other if any man has a complaint against any even as christ forgave you so you also do .
the mirth of tambourines ceases . the sound of those who rejoice ends . the joy of the harp ceases .
i will make your pinnacles of rubies and your gates of emeralds and all your border of precious stones .
also for the sons of aaron the priests who were in the fields of the suburbs of their cities in every city there were men who were mentioned by name to give portions to all the males among the priests and to all who were reckoned by genealogy among the levites .
and that you make it your ambition to lead a quiet life and to do your own business and to work with your own hands even as we charged you
on the day of our king the princes made themselves sick with the heat of wine . he joined his hand with mockers .
they go from strength to strength . everyone of them appears before god in zion .
the bloodthirsty hate a man of integrity and they seek the life of the upright .
therefore is my harp turned to mourning and my pipe into the voice of those who weep .
now the apostles and the brothers who were in judea heard that the gentiles had also received the word of god .
then samuel took the horn of oil and anointed him in the midst of his brothers and the spirit of yahweh came mightily on david from that day forward . so samuel rose up and went to ramah .
yahweh your god will make you plenteous in all the work of your hand in the fruit of your body and in the fruit of your livestock and in the fruit of your ground for good for yahweh will again rejoice over you for good as he rejoiced over your fathers
but our god is in the heavens . he does whatever he pleases .
in his days pharaoh necoh king of egypt went up against the king of assyria to the river euphrates and king josiah went against him and pharaoh necoh killed him at megiddo when he had seen him .
for you are my lamp yahweh yahweh will lighten my darkness .
yahweh spoke to moses saying
to whom our fathers would n't be obedient but rejected him and turned back in their hearts to egypt
therefore o king let my counsel be acceptable to you and break off your sins by righteousness and your iniquities by showing mercy to the poor if there may be a lengthening of your tranquillity .
he cropped off the topmost of the young twigs of it and carried it to a land of traffic he set it in a city of merchants .
in the first year of cyrus the king cyrus the king made a decree concerning the house of god at jerusalem let the house be built the place where they offer sacrifices and let the foundations of it be strongly laid the height of it sixty cubits and the breadth of it sixty cubits
thus says the lord yahweh if the prince give a gift to any of his sons it is his inheritance it shall belong to his sons it is their possession by inheritance .
then the kingdom of heaven will be like ten virgins who took their lamps and went out to meet the bridegroom .
so will i break down the wall that you have daubed with whitewash and bring it down to the ground so that the foundation of it shall be uncovered and it shall fall and you shall be consumed in the midst of it and you shall know that i am yahweh .
abraham circumcised his son isaac when he was eight days old as god had commanded him .
he restored the eleven hundred pieces of silver to his mother and his mother said i most assuredly dedicate the silver to yahweh from my hand for my son to make an engraved image and a molten image now therefore i will restore it to you .
the likeness of anything that creeps on the ground the likeness of any fish that is in the water under the earth
only the tribe of levi you shall not number neither shall you take a census of them among the children of israel
according as it is written god gave them a spirit of stupor eyes that they should not see and ears that they should not hear to this very day .
listen to me house of jacob and all the remnant of the house of israel that have been borne by me from their birth that have been carried from the womb
son of man set your face toward the mountains of israel and prophesy to them
a woman when she gives birth has sorrow because her time has come . but when she has delivered the child she does n't remember the anguish any more for the joy that a human being is born into the world .
all the people shall hear and fear and do no more presumptuously .
one of the seven angels who had the seven bowls came and spoke with me saying come here . i will show you the judgment of the great prostitute who sits on many waters
but when the jews spoke against it i was constrained to appeal to caesar not that i had anything about which to accuse my nation .
but you yahweh have mercy on me and raise me up that i may repay them .
they went in to the king into the court but they had laid up the scroll in the chamber of elishama the scribe and they told all the words in the ears of the king .
he said tomorrow . he said be it according to your word that you may know that there is none like yahweh our god .
however the king of the children of ammon did n't listen to the words of jephthah which he sent him .
jesus entered into the temple in jerusalem . when he had looked around at everything it being now evening he went out to bethany with the twelve .
jotham slept with his fathers and they buried him in the city of david and ahaz his son reigned in his place .
when they came to the threshing floor of chidon uzza put forth his hand to hold the ark for the oxen stumbled .
all our enemies have opened their mouth wide against us .
blessed is he who considers the poor yahweh will deliver him in the day of evil .
in you have they uncovered their fathers ' nakedness in you have they humbled her who was unclean in her impurity .
whoever lives and believes in me will never die . do you believe this
you are yahweh even you alone you have made heaven the heaven of heavens with all their army the earth and all things that are thereon the seas and all that is in them and you preserve them all and the army of heaven worships you .
therefore he sacrifices to his net and burns incense to his dragnet because by them his life is luxurious and his food is good .
but you brothers are n't in darkness that the day should overtake you like a thief .
how he was caught up into paradise and heard unspeakable words which it is not lawful for a man to utter .
it may be they will listen and turn every man from his evil way that i may repent me of the evil which i purpose to do to them because of the evil of their doings .
if you were of the world the world would love its own . but because you are not of the world since i chose you out of the world therefore the world hates you .
therefore do n't be like them for your father knows what things you need before you ask him .
god came to balaam and said what men are these with you
if the spirit of the ruler rises up against you do n't leave your place for gentleness lays great offenses to rest .
he rebukes the sea and makes it dry and dries up all the rivers . bashan languishes and carmel and the flower of lebanon languishes .
do n't be among ones drinking too much wine or those who gorge themselves on meat
so the king of israel went and the king of judah and the king of edom and they made a circuit of seven days ' journey and there was no water for the army nor for the animals that followed them .
now while the bridegroom delayed they all slumbered and slept .
yahweh said who shall entice ahab that he may go up and fall at ramoth gilead one said on this manner and another said on that manner .
those who were numbered of the sons of gershon their families and by their fathers ' houses
he who corrects a mocker invites insult . he who reproves a wicked man invites abuse .
remember i beg you that you have fashioned me as clay . will you bring me into dust again
then the spirit entered into me and set me on my feet and he spoke with me and said to me go shut yourself within your house .
the children of israel did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh and forgot yahweh their god and served the baals and the asheroth .
when they could not come near to him for the crowd they removed the roof where he was . when they had broken it up they let down the mat that the paralytic was lying on .
concerning the good news they are enemies for your sake . but concerning the election they are beloved for the fathers ' sake .
as for the earth out of it comes bread underneath it is turned up as it were by fire .
though wickedness is sweet in his mouth though he hide it under his tongue
say among the nations yahweh reigns . the world is also established . it ca n't be moved . he will judge the peoples with equity .
for indeed i bend judah as a bow for me . i have filled the bow with ephraim and i will stir up your sons zion against your sons greece and will make you like the sword of a mighty man .
let our people also learn to maintain good works for necessary uses that they may not be unfruitful .
for if you shall diligently keep all this commandment which i command you to do it to love yahweh your god to walk in all his ways and to cleave to him
one male goat for a sin offering
for you will bless the righteous . yahweh you will surround him with favor as with a shield .
of the tribe of zebulun twelve thousand of the tribe of joseph twelve thousand of the tribe of benjamin were sealed twelve thousand .
when much time had passed and the voyage was now dangerous because the fast had now already gone by paul admonished them
the dogs shall eat jezebel in the portion of jezreel and there shall be none to bury her . he opened the door and fled .
seven weeks shall you number to you from the time you begin to put the sickle to the standing grain shall you begin to number seven weeks .
he said yah has sworn yahweh will have war with amalek from generation to generation . '
for has any said to god i am guilty but i will not offend any more .
the construction of its wall was jasper . the city was pure gold like pure glass .
men will dwell therein and there will be no more curse but jerusalem will dwell safely .
now when jesus heard that john was delivered up he withdrew into galilee .
it shall be a perpetual statute to them and he who sprinkles the water for impurity shall wash his clothes and he who touches the water for impurity shall be unclean until even .
this is the day that yahweh has made . we will rejoice and be glad in it
judah went up and yahweh delivered the canaanites and the perizzites into their hand and they struck of them in bezek ten thousand men .
he said to another follow me but he said lord allow me first to go and bury my father .
i shall be condemned why then do i labor in vain
you shall walk after yahweh your god and fear him and keep his commandments and obey his voice and you shall serve him and cleave to him .
look at zion the city of our appointed festivals . your eyes will see jerusalem a quiet habitation a tent that wo n't be removed . its stakes will never be plucked up nor will any of its cords be broken .
and he said if esau comes to the one company and strikes it then the company which is left will escape .
there shall you remember your ways and all your doings in which you have polluted yourselves and you shall loathe yourselves in your own sight for all your evils that you have committed .
the rich shall not give more and the poor shall not give less than the half shekel when they give the offering of yahweh to make atonement for your souls .
he erected an altar there and called it el elohe israel .
the servants of saul told him saying on this manner spoke david .
for i am with you says yahweh to save you for i will make a full end of all the nations where i have scattered you but i will not make a full end of you but i will correct you in measure and will in no way leave you unpunished .
and love the place of honor at feasts the best seats in the synagogues
the people went out and plundered the camp of the syrians . so a measure of fine flour was sold for a shekel and two measures of barley for a shekel according to the word of yahweh .
for the house of israel and the house of judah have dealt very treacherously against me says yahweh .
cursed be he who lies with his mother - in - law . all the people shall say amen .
again when you have accomplished these you shall lie on your right side and shall bear the iniquity of the house of judah forty days each day for a year have i appointed it to you .
but concerning the times and the seasons brothers you have no need that anything be written to you .
and the inhabitants of one shall go to another saying let us go speedily to entreat the favor of yahweh and to seek yahweh of armies . i will go also . '
he humbled you and allowed you to hunger and fed you with manna which you did n't know neither did your fathers know that he might make you know that man does not live by bread only but by everything that proceeds out of the mouth of yahweh does man live .
then call and i will answer or let me speak and you answer me .
who covers the sky with clouds who prepares rain for the earth who makes grass grow on the mountains .
solomon told her all her questions and there was not anything hid from solomon which he did n't tell her .
in whom you also are built together for a habitation of god in the spirit .
what has been done this day so yahweh has commanded to do to make atonement for you .
but as for me i know that my redeemer lives . in the end he will stand upon the earth .
but all the girls who have not known man by lying with him keep alive for yourselves .
watch therefore for you do n't know in what hour your lord comes .
for nothing is hidden that will not be revealed nor anything secret that will not be known and come to light .
and the border shall turn about from azmon to the brook of egypt and the goings out of it shall be at the sea .
he looked and behold there was at his head a cake baked on the coals and a jar of water . he ate and drink and laid him down again .
sing barren you who did n't bear break forth into singing and cry aloud you who did not travail with child for more are the children of the desolate than the children of the married wife says yahweh .
go up to the mountain bring wood and build the house . i will take pleasure in it and i will be glorified says yahweh .
you shall not lend him your money at interest nor give him your food for profit .
jeroboam said in his heart now will the kingdom return to the house of david
i have no need for a bull from your stall nor male goats from your pens .
for you have forgotten the god of your salvation and have not remembered the rock of your strength . therefore you plant pleasant plants and set out foreign seedlings .
the servants of the householder came and said to him sir did n't you sow good seed in your field where did this darnel come from '
when it was day he departed and went into an uninhabited place and the multitudes looked for him and came to him and held on to him so that he would n't go away from them .
sing to yahweh bless his name proclaim his salvation from day to day
he will consume the glory of his forest and of his fruitful field both soul and body . it will be as when a standard bearer faints .
so the posts went with the letters from the king and his princes throughout all israel and judah and according to the commandment of the king saying you children of israel turn again to yahweh the god of abraham isaac and israel that he may return to the remnant that have escaped of you out of the hand of the kings of assyria .
they have passed away as the swift ships as the eagle that swoops on the prey .
esther 's maidens and her chamberlains came and told it her and the queen was exceedingly grieved and she sent clothing to clothe mordecai and to take his sackcloth from off him but he did n't receive it .
i thought to disclose it to you saying buy it before those who sit here and before the elders of my people . if you will redeem it redeem it but if you will not redeem it then tell me that i may know for there is none to redeem it besides you and i am after you . he said i will redeem it .
everyone with whom was found blue purple scarlet fine linen goats ' hair rams ' skins dyed red and sea cow hides brought them .
yahweh did according to the word of moses and the frogs died out of the houses out of the courts and out of the fields .
so all the men of israel went up from following david and followed sheba the son of bichri but the men of judah joined with their king from the jordan even to jerusalem .
when all the kings who were servants to hadarezer saw that they were put to the worse before israel they made peace with israel and served them . so the syrians feared to help the children of ammon any more .
david commanded to gather together the foreigners who were in the land of israel and he set masons to hew worked stones to build the house of god .
but ishmael the son of nethaniah escaped from johanan with eight men and went to the children of ammon .
there ran a young man and told moses and said eldad and medad do prophesy in the camp .
there is a way which seems right to a man but in the end it leads to death .
and because he did n't need for anyone to testify concerning man for he himself knew what was in man .
you shall not eat any blood whether it is of bird or of animal in any of your dwellings .
he struck moab and measured them with the line making them to lie down on the ground and he measured two lines to put to death and one full line to keep alive . the moabites became servants to david and brought tribute .
ask a sign of yahweh your god ask it either in the depth or in the height above .
turn you us to you yahweh and we shall be turned renew our days as of old .
flee for safety you children of benjamin out of the midst of jerusalem and blow the trumpet in tekoa and raise up a signal on beth haccherem for evil looks forth from the north and a great destruction .
there is a generation whose teeth are like swords and their jaws like knives to devour the poor from the earth and the needy from among men .
then he will say also to those on the left hand depart from me you cursed into the eternal fire which is prepared for the devil and his angels
for we are not as so many peddling the word of god . but as of sincerity but as of god in the sight of god we speak in christ .
and we will cut wood out of lebanon as much as you shall need and we will bring it to you in floats by sea to joppa and you shall carry it up to jerusalem .
daniel spoke and said i saw in my vision by night and behold the four winds of the sky broke forth on the great sea .
that which is crooked ca n't be made straight and that which is lacking ca n't be counted .
he has violently taken away his tent as if it were of a garden he has destroyed his place of assembly yahweh has caused solemn assembly and sabbath to be forgotten in zion has despised in the indignation of his anger the king and the priest .
looking around at those who sat around him he said behold my mother and my brothers
yahweh was very angry with aaron to destroy him and i prayed for aaron also at the same time .
in this confidence i was determined to come first to you that you might have a second benefit
but they did n't understand this saying . it was concealed from them that they should not perceive it and they were afraid to ask him about this saying .
in the third month after the children of israel had gone forth out of the land of egypt on that same day they came into the wilderness of sinai .
remember lot 's wife
according to all these words and according to all this vision so did nathan speak to david .
for you all can prophesy one by one that all may learn and all may be exhorted .
they shall teach jacob your ordinances israel your law they shall put incense before you whole burnt offering on your altar .
and he went after the man of israel into the pavilion and thrust both of them through the man of israel and the woman through her body . so the plague was stayed from the children of israel .
she gave the king one hundred and twenty talents of gold and spices in great abundance and precious stones neither was there any such spice as the queen of sheba gave to king solomon .
afterward moses and aaron came and said to pharaoh this is what yahweh the god of israel says let my people go that they may hold a feast to me in the wilderness . '
all the firstborn males that are born of your herd and of your flock you shall sanctify to yahweh your god you shall do no work with the firstborn of your herd nor shear the firstborn of your flock .
let no man therefore judge you in eating or in drinking or with respect to a feast day or a new moon or a sabbath day
you have multiplied your slain in this city and you have filled the streets of it with the slain .
she said to him not so because this great wrong in putting me forth is worse than the other that you did to me . but he would not listen to her .
then hear you in heaven and do and judge your servants condemning the wicked to bring his way on his own head and justifying the righteous to give him according to his righteousness .
moreover you shall tell them thus says yahweh shall men fall and not rise up again shall one turn away and not return
they did n't thirst when he led them through the deserts he caused the waters to flow out of the rock for them he split the rock also and the waters gushed out .
now therefore thus says yahweh you shall not come down from the bed where you are gone up but shall surely die . elijah departed .
at that time hanani the seer came to asa king of judah and said to him because you have relied on the king of syria and have not relied on yahweh your god therefore is the army of the king of syria escaped out of your hand .
let no man say when he is tempted i am tempted by god for god ca n't be tempted by evil and he himself tempts no one .
set a wicked man over him . let an adversary stand at his right hand .
in the twelfth year of joram the son of ahab king of israel did ahaziah the son of jehoram king of judah begin to reign .
asa did that which was good and right in the eyes of yahweh his god
oh the depth of the riches both of the wisdom and the knowledge of god how unsearchable are his judgments and his ways past tracing out
then eliashib the high priest rose up with his brothers the priests and they built the sheep gate they sanctified it and set up the doors of it even to the tower of hammeah they sanctified it to the tower of hananel .
of the one thousand seven hundred seventy - five shekels he made hooks for the pillars overlaid their capitals and made fillets for them .
for your servant david 's sake do n't turn away the face of your anointed one .
i was alive apart from the law once but when the commandment came sin revived and i died .
the king and his men went to jerusalem against the jebusites the inhabitants of the land who spoke to david saying except you take away the blind and the lame you shall not come in here thinking david ca n't come in here .
also day by day from the first day to the last day he read in the book of the law of god . they kept the feast seven days and on the eighth day was a solemn assembly according to the ordinance .
behold i will do a new thing now shall it spring forth shall you not know it i will even make a way in the wilderness and rivers in the desert .
turn my eyes away from looking at worthless things . revive me in your ways .
among whom you are also called to belong to jesus christ
for the canaanites and all the inhabitants of the land will hear of it and will compass us round and cut off our name from the earth and what will you do for your great name
who have kept with your servant david my father that which you did promise him yes you spoke with your mouth and have fulfilled it with your hand as it is this day .
know that yahweh he is god . it is he who has made us and we are his . we are his people and the sheep of his pasture .
there was no water for the congregation and they assembled themselves together against moses and against aaron .
for what the law could n't do in that it was weak through the flesh god did sending his own son in the likeness of sinful flesh and for sin he condemned sin in the flesh
how long will you hunt for words consider and afterwards we will speak .
arise god judge the earth for you inherit all of the nations .
that i will break the assyrian in my land and tread him under foot on my mountains . then his yoke will leave them and his burden leave their shoulders .
but the unclean spirit when he is gone out of the man passes through waterless places seeking rest and does n't find it .
he will come and destroy these farmers and will give the vineyard to others . when they heard it they said may it never be
my son listen to your father 's instruction and do n't forsake your mother 's teaching
jacob came in peace to the city of shechem which is in the land of canaan when he came from paddan aram and encamped before the city .
menahem slept with his fathers and pekahiah his son reigned in his place .
the scribes and the pharisees watched him to see whether he would heal on the sabbath that they might find an accusation against him .
but if they are questions about words and names and your own law look to it yourselves . for i do n't want to be a judge of these matters .
amaziah the son of joash king of judah lived after the death of jehoash son of jehoahaz king of israel fifteen years .
the tribes of israel sent men through all the tribe of benjamin saying what wickedness is this that is happen among you
jesus said father forgive them for they do n't know what they are doing . dividing his garments among them they cast lots .
my breath is offensive to my wife . i am loathsome to the children of my own mother .
the children of israel set forward according to their journeys out of the wilderness of sinai and the cloud abode in the wilderness of paran .
happy are your men happy are these your servants who stand continually before you and who hear your wisdom .
but after that our fathers had provoked the god of heaven to wrath he gave them into the hand of nebuchadnezzar king of babylon the chaldean who destroyed this house and carried the people away into babylon .
behold the day behold it comes your doom is gone forth the rod has blossomed pride has budded .
shout against her round about she has submitted herself her bulwarks are fallen her walls are thrown down for it is the vengeance of yahweh take vengeance on her as she has done do to her .
the archers shot at king josiah and the king said to his servants have me away for i am sore wounded .
for the good which i desire i do n't do but the evil which i do n't desire that i practice .
i am yahweh your god who brought you up out of the land of egypt . open your mouth wide and i will fill it .
when he had said this he breathed on them and said to them receive the holy spirit
saul and all the people who were with him were gathered together and came to the battle and behold every man 's sword was against his fellow and there was a very great confusion .
an unfriendly man pursues selfishness and defies all sound judgment .
apply your heart to instruction and your ears to the words of knowledge .
he taught them many things in parables and told them in his teaching
take you heed everyone of his neighbor and do n't you trust in any brother for every brother will utterly supplant and every neighbor will go about with slanders .
i am a stranger on the earth . do n't hide your commandments from me .
the ransomed of yahweh shall return and come with singing to zion and everlasting joy shall be on their heads they shall obtain gladness and joy and sorrow and sighing shall flee away .
the sixth poured out his bowl on the great river the euphrates . its water was dried up that the way might be made ready for the kings that come from the sunrise .
now my eyes shall be open and my ears attentive to the prayer that is made in this place .
so i have seen you in the sanctuary watching your power and your glory .
now after i had delivered the deed of the purchase to baruch the son of neriah i prayed to yahweh saying
you have increased the nation o yahweh . you have increased the nation you are glorified you have enlarged all the borders of the land .
at that time jesus answered i thank you father lord of heaven and earth that you hid these things from the wise and understanding and revealed them to infants .
jesus answered him because i told you i saw you underneath the fig tree ' do you believe you will see greater things than these
david said to jonathan behold tomorrow is the new moon and i should not fail to sit with the king at meat but let me go that i may hide myself in the field to the third day at evening .
so they sat down with him on the ground seven days and seven nights and none spoke a word to him for they saw that his grief was very great .
they prepare the table . they set the watch . they eat . they drink . rise up you princes oil the shield
no one sews a piece of unshrunk cloth on an old garment or else the patch shrinks and the new tears away from the old and a worse hole is made .
then the word of yahweh came to jeremiah after that the king had burned the scroll and the words which baruch wrote at the mouth of jeremiah saying
do n't withhold your tender mercies from me yahweh . let your loving kindness and your truth continually preserve me .
my brothers have dealt deceitfully as a brook as the channel of brooks that pass away
and how will they preach unless they are sent as it is written how beautiful are the feet of those who preach the good news of peace who bring glad tidings of good things
for the day of yahweh is near all the nations as you have done it will be done to you . your deeds will return upon your own head .
the farmer went out to sow his seed . as he sowed some fell along the road and it was trampled under foot and the birds of the sky devoured it .
you are good and do good . teach me your statutes .
he spread the covering over the tent and put the roof of the tent above on it as yahweh commanded moses .
he who implanted the ear wo n't he hear he who formed the eye wo n't he see
he closed the book gave it back to the attendant and sat down . the eyes of all in the synagogue were fastened on him .
the philistines stood on the mountain on the one side and israel stood on the mountain on the other side and there was a valley between them .
we have a little sister . she has no breasts . what shall we do for our sister in the day when she is to be spoken for
he said to me son of man go get you to the house of israel and speak with my words to them .
show me the tax money . they brought to him a denarius .
he carried out there all the treasures of the house of yahweh and the treasures of the king 's house and cut in pieces all the vessels of gold which solomon king of israel had made in the temple of yahweh as yahweh had said .
you have taken my friends from me . you have made me an abomination to them . i am confined and i ca n't escape .
and cinnamon incense perfume frankincense wine olive oil fine flour wheat sheep horses chariots and people 's bodies and souls .
that the creation itself also will be delivered from the bondage of decay into the liberty of the glory of the children of god .
so zedekiah the king swore secretly to jeremiah saying as yahweh lives who made us this soul i will not put you to death neither will i give you into the hand of these men who seek your life .
yahweh said to moses how long do you refuse to keep my commandments and my laws
the wilderness and the dry land will be glad . the desert will rejoice and blossom like a rose .
the egyptians shall know that i am yahweh when i have gotten myself honor over pharaoh over his chariots and over his horsemen .
for i tell you i will no longer by any means eat of it until it is fulfilled in the kingdom of god .
the sky was removed like a scroll when it is rolled up . every mountain and island were moved out of their places .
you shall make curtains of goats ' hair for a covering over the tent eleven curtains shall you make them .
from the place of his habitation he looks out on all the inhabitants of the earth
your children make haste your destroyers and those who made you waste shall go forth from you .
i indeed declare love stands firm forever . you established the heavens . your faithfulness is in them .
yahweh said to moses take joshua the son of nun a man in whom is the spirit and lay your hand on him
surely none of the men who came up out of egypt from twenty years old and upward shall see the land which i swore to abraham to isaac and to jacob because they have not wholly followed me
but the thing displeased samuel when they said give us a king to judge us . samuel prayed to yahweh .
the spirit lifted me up and brought me in the vision by the spirit of god into chaldea to them of the captivity . so the vision that i had seen went up from me .
it happened that he was reclining at the table in his house and many tax collectors and sinners sat down with jesus and his disciples for there were many and they followed him .
so that they go around naked without clothing . being hungry they carry the sheaves .
jephthah said to them i and my people were at great strife with the children of ammon and when i called you you did n't save me out of their hand .
now behold in my affliction i have prepared for the house of yahweh one hundred thousand talents of gold and one thousand thousand talents of silver and of brass and iron without weight for it is in abundance timber also and stone have i prepared and you may add to them .
arise and depart for this is not your resting place because of uncleanness that destroys even with a grievous destruction .
jesus answered you would have no power at all against me unless it were given to you from above . therefore he who delivered me to you has greater sin .
and two turtledoves or two young pigeons such as he is able to afford and the one shall be a sin offering and the other a burnt offering .
he was listening to paul speaking who fastening eyes on him and seeing that he had faith to be made whole
though these three men were in it as i live says the lord yahweh they should deliver neither sons nor daughters but they only should be delivered themselves .
yahweh said to me do n't fear him for i have delivered him and all his people and his land into your hand and you shall do to him as you did to sihon king of the amorites who lived at heshbon .
then he appeared to over five hundred brothers at once most of whom remain until now but some have also fallen asleep .
but if a priest buys a slave purchased by his money he shall eat of it and such as are born in his house they shall eat of his bread .
that you may walk in the way of good men and keep the paths of the righteous .
when you have stayed three days you shall go down quickly and come to the place where you did hide yourself when the business was in hand and shall remain by the stone ezel .
but the vow of a widow or of her who is divorced even everything with which she has bound her soul shall stand against her .
let them judge the people at all times . it shall be that every great matter they shall bring to you but every small matter they shall judge themselves . so shall it be easier for you and they shall share the load with you .
when he had determined to pass over into achaia the brothers encouraged him and wrote to the disciples to receive him . when he had come he greatly helped those who had believed through grace
yahweh prepared a great fish to swallow up jonah and jonah was in the belly of the fish three days and three nights .
because he loved your fathers therefore he chose their seed after them and brought you out with his presence with his great power out of egypt
he charged them that they should take nothing for their journey except a staff only no bread no wallet no money in their purse
then went samson down and his father and his mother to timnah and came to the vineyards of timnah and behold a young lion roared against him .
two men went up into the temple to pray one was a pharisee and the other was a tax collector .
when a man shall have a rising in his body 's skin or a scab or a bright spot and it becomes in the skin of his body the plague of leprosy then he shall be brought to aaron the priest or to one of his sons the priests
and said to him run speak to this young man saying jerusalem will be inhabited as villages without walls because of the multitude of men and livestock in it .
one golden ladle of ten shekels full of incense
the vision of obadiah . this is what the lord yahweh says about edom . we have heard news from yahweh and an ambassador is sent among the nations saying arise and let 's rise up against her in battle .
when i saw him i fell at his feet like a dead man . he laid his right hand on me saying do n't be afraid . i am the first and the last
jacob tore his clothes and put sackcloth on his waist and mourned for his son many days .
yet the children of manasseh could n't drive out the inhabitants of those cities but the canaanites would dwell in that land .
yahweh spoke to moses saying
now may the lord of peace himself give you peace at all times in all ways . the lord be with you all .
but you shall go to my father 's house and to my relatives and take a wife for my son . '
what then shall i do when god rises up when he visits what shall i answer him
when the lord saw her he had compassion on her and said to her do n't cry .
there were also that said we have borrowed money for the king 's tribute on our fields and our vineyards .
when it was evening he came with the twelve .
they went and came to the mountain and abode there three days until the pursuers were returned and the pursuers sought them throughout all the way but did n't find them .
sometimes the cloud was from evening until morning and when the cloud was taken up in the morning they traveled or by day and by night when the cloud was taken up they traveled .
but naaman was angry and went away and said behold i thought he will surely come out to me and stand and call on the name of yahweh his god and wave his hand over the place and recover the leper .
do you think that i have come to give peace in the earth i tell you no but rather division .
wherein you greatly rejoice though now for a little while if need be you have been put to grief in various trials
even as it is written for your sake we are killed all day long . we were accounted as sheep for the slaughter .
the righteous shall inherit the land and live in it forever .
keep me from the snare which they have laid for me from the traps of the workers of iniquity .
you shall set the levites before aaron and before his sons and offer them as a wave offering to yahweh .
therefore it is said in the book of the wars of yahweh vaheb in suphah the valleys of the arnon
rejoice with those who rejoice . weep with those who weep .
why do we also stand in jeopardy every hour
god spoke to noah and to his sons with him saying
vex the midianites and strike them
your vows are on me god . i will give thank offerings to you .
the elders of gilead said to jephthah yahweh shall be witness between us surely according to your word so will we do .
he encloses the face of his throne and spreads his cloud on it .
they said to him where is sarah your wife he said see in the tent .
when your people israel are struck down before the enemy because they have sinned against you if they turn again to you and confess your name and pray and make supplication to you in this house
blessed are those whose ways are blameless who walk according to yahweh 's law .
your eye shall not pity him but you shall put away the innocent blood from israel that it may go well with you .
now he spoke of judas the son of simon iscariot for it was he who would betray him being one of the twelve .
moses went down from the mountain to the people and sanctified the people and they washed their clothes .
for what does the scripture say abraham believed god and it was accounted to him for righteousness .
i will keep my loving kindness for him forevermore . my covenant will stand firm with him .
they moved him to jealousy with strange gods with abominations provoked they him to anger .
if we are examined today concerning a good deed done to a crippled man by what means this man has been healed
and being in readiness to avenge all disobedience when your obedience will be made full .
do n't make a covenant with the inhabitants of the land lest they play the prostitute after their gods and sacrifice to their gods and one call you and you eat of his sacrifice
as for you house of israel thus says the lord yahweh go you serve everyone his idols and hereafter also if you will not listen to me but my holy name shall you no more profane with your gifts and with your idols .
i will abundantly bless her provision . i will satisfy her poor with bread .
certain also of the asiarchs being his friends sent to him and begged him not to venture into the theater .
the priest shall pour some of the oil into the palm of his own left hand
the beast which i saw was like a leopard and his feet were like those of a bear and his mouth like the mouth of a lion . the dragon gave him his power his throne and great authority .
now while he was not yet gone back go back then said he to gedaliah the son of ahikam the son of shaphan whom the king of babylon has made governor over the cities of judah and dwell with him among the people or go wherever it seems right to you to go . so the captain of the guard gave him food and a present and let him go .
that path no bird of prey knows neither has the falcon 's eye seen it .
the old men of gebal and the wise men of it were in you your repairers of ship seams all the ships of the sea with their mariners were in you to deal in your merchandise .
they removed the burnt offerings that they might give them according to the divisions of the fathers ' houses of the children of the people to offer to yahweh as it is written in the book of moses . so did they with the oxen .
he shall offer one of the turtledoves or of the young pigeons such as he is able to afford
and in vain do they worship me teaching as doctrine rules made by men . '
it shall happen that as i thought to do to them so will i do to you .
however if you fulfill the royal law according to the scripture you shall love your neighbor as yourself you do well .
for if while we were enemies we were reconciled to god through the death of his son much more being reconciled we will be saved by his life .
therefore his parents said he is of age . ask him .
yet all this avails me nothing so long as i see mordecai the jew sitting at the king 's gate .
joab gave up the sum of the numbering of the people to david . all those of israel were one million one hundred thousand men who drew sword and in judah were four hundred seventy thousand men who drew sword .
yahweh our god made a covenant with us in horeb .
men shall go into the caves of the rocks and into the holes of the earth from before the terror of yahweh and from the glory of his majesty when he arises to shake the earth mightily .
the tongue of the sucking child cleaves to the roof of his mouth for thirst the young children ask bread and no man breaks it to them .
the children of israel returned from chasing after the philistines and they plundered their camp .
i understand more than the aged because i have kept your precepts .
esau said let me now leave with you some of the folk who are with me . he said why let me find favor in the sight of my lord .
they went after them to the jordan and behold all the way was full of garments and vessels which the syrians had cast away in their haste . the messengers returned and told the king .
standing behind at his feet weeping she began to wet his feet with her tears and she wiped them with the hair of her head kissed his feet and anointed them with the ointment .
he who is too impoverished for such an offering chooses a tree that will not rot . he seeks a skillful workman to set up an engraved image for him that will not be moved .
whoever transgresses and does n't remain in the teaching of christ does n't have god . he who remains in the teaching the same has both the father and the son .
jephthah vowed a vow to yahweh and said if you will indeed deliver the children of ammon into my hand
shout for joy to yahweh all you lands
and say what was your mother a lioness she couched among lions in the midst of the young lions she nourished her cubs .
and after the earthquake a fire but yahweh was not in the fire and after the fire a still small voice .
you will know that i am in the midst of israel and that i am yahweh your god and there is no one else and my people will never again be disappointed .
yahweh why do you reject my soul why do you hide your face from me
i myself will fight against you with an outstretched hand and with a strong arm even in anger and in wrath and in great indignation .
therefore jesus perceived that they wanted to ask him and he said to them do you inquire among yourselves concerning this that i said a little while and you wo n't see me and again a little while and you will see me '
save yourself and come down from the cross
servants obey in all things those who are your masters according to the flesh not just when they are looking as men pleasers but in singleness of heart fearing god .
then zebah and zalmunna said rise you and fall on us for as the man is so is his strength . gideon arose and killed zebah and zalmunna and took the crescents that were on their camels ' necks .
he said amos what do you see i said a basket of summer fruit . then yahweh said to me the end has come on my people israel . i will not again pass by them any more .
moses returned to yahweh and said lord why have you brought trouble on this people why is it that you have sent me
amaziah also said to amos you seer go flee away into the land of judah and there eat bread and prophesy there
he built an altar there and called on the name of yahweh and pitched his tent there . there isaac 's servants dug a well .
but the more they afflicted them the more they multiplied and the more they spread out . they were grieved because of the children of israel .
these were heads of fathers ' houses of the levites throughout their generations chief men these lived at jerusalem .
and four thousand were doorkeepers and four thousand praised yahweh with the instruments which i made said david for giving praise .
strong scales are his pride shut up together with a close seal .
tell me you whom my soul loves where you graze your flock where you rest them at noon for why should i be as one who is veiled beside the flocks of your companions lover
but the bull and its skin and its flesh and its dung he burned with fire outside the camp as yahweh commanded moses .
there is an evil which i have seen under the sun the sort of error which proceeds from the ruler .
so i prophesied as i was commanded and as i prophesied there was a noise and behold an earthquake and the bones came together bone to its bone .
then all the midianites and the amalekites and the children of the east assembled themselves together and they passed over and encamped in the valley of jezreel .
he bowed the heavens also and came down thick darkness was under his feet .
do you intend to reprove words seeing that the speeches of one who is desperate are as wind
the little owl the cormorant the great owl
moses called bezalel and oholiab and every wise - hearted man in whose heart yahweh had put wisdom even everyone whose heart stirred him up to come to the work to do it
now the men observed diligently and hurried to catch whether it were his mind and they said your brother ben hadad . then he said go you bring him . then ben hadad came forth to him and he caused him to come up into the chariot .
the waters receded continually until the tenth month . in the tenth month on the first day of the month the tops of the mountains were seen .
whatever has no fins nor scales in the waters that is an abomination to you .
moab shall be destroyed from being a people because he has magnified himself against yahweh .
when they came to the nations where they went they profaned my holy name in that men said of them these are the people of yahweh and are gone forth out of his land .
yahweh will cause his glorious voice to be heard and will show the descent of his arm with the indignation of his anger and the flame of a devouring fire with a blast tempest and hailstones .
even to the next day after the seventh sabbath you shall number fifty days and you shall offer a new meal offering to yahweh .
then yahweh was jealous for his land and had pity on his people .
yahweh will render to every man his righteousness and his faithfulness because yahweh delivered you into my hand today and i would n't put forth my hand against yahweh 's anointed .
job speaks without knowledge his words are without wisdom . '
those who shall be of you shall build the old waste places you shall raise up the foundations of many generations and you shall be called the repairer of the breach the restorer of paths to dwell in .
for wisdom will enter into your heart . knowledge will be pleasant to your soul .
but it was so that in the three and twentieth year of king jehoash the priests had not repaired the breaches of the house .
therefore said i now will the philistines come down on me to gilgal and i have n't entreated the favor of yahweh i forced myself therefore and offered the burnt offering .
he said to them i am one hundred twenty years old this day i can no more go out and come in and yahweh has said to me you shall not go over this jordan .
behold he snatches away who can hinder him who will ask him what are you doing '
those who died by the plague were twenty - four thousand .
and their brothers mighty men of valor one hundred twenty - eight and their overseer was zabdiel the son of haggedolim .
that they would desire mercies of the god of heaven concerning this secret that daniel and his companions should not perish with the rest of the wise men of babylon .
for this deed of the queen will come abroad to all women to make their husbands contemptible in their eyes when it shall be reported the king ahasuerus commanded vashti the queen to be brought in before him but she did n't come .
and the two kidneys and the fat that is on them which is by the loins and the cover on the liver with the kidneys he shall take away .
the headdresses the ankle chains the sashes the perfume bottles the charms
remember his marvelous works that he has done his wonders and the judgments of his mouth
turn us again yahweh god of armies . cause your face to shine and we will be saved .
let us lie down in our shame and let our confusion cover us for we have sinned against yahweh our god we and our fathers from our youth even to this day and we have not obeyed the voice of yahweh our god .
also the burnt offerings were in abundance with the fat of the peace offerings and with the drink offerings for every burnt offering . so the service of the house of yahweh was set in order .
now is the end on you and i will send my anger on you and will judge you according to your ways and i will bring on you all your abominations .
do n't snatch the word of truth out of my mouth for i put my hope in your ordinances .
moreover those who had familiar spirits and the wizards and the teraphim and the idols and all the abominations that were seen in the land of judah and in jerusalem did josiah put away that he might confirm the words of the law which were written in the book that hilkiah the priest found in the house of yahweh .
then shall he who offers his offering offer to yahweh a meal offering of a tenth part of an ephah of fine flour mixed with the fourth part of a hin of oil
and the priest shall examine him . behold if there is a white rising in the skin and it has turned the hair white and there is raw flesh in the rising
all the people departed every man to his house and david returned to bless his house .
with many other words he testified and exhorted them saying save yourselves from this crooked generation
the king of sodom said to abram give me the people and take the goods to yourself .
yes he loved cursing and it came to him . he did n't delight in blessing and it was far from him .
they forsook the house of yahweh the god of their fathers and served the asherim and the idols and wrath came on judah and jerusalem for this their guiltiness .
so she wrote letters in ahab 's name and sealed them with his seal and sent the letters to the elders and to the nobles who were in his city and who lived with naboth .
how shall i come before yahweh and bow myself before the exalted god shall i come before him with burnt offerings with calves a year old
moses and aaron said to all the children of israel at evening then you shall know that yahweh has brought you out from the land of egypt
when i saw among the spoil a goodly babylonian mantle and two hundred shekels of silver and a wedge of gold of fifty shekels weight then i coveted them and took them and behold they are hid in the earth in the midst of my tent and the silver under it .
for if we believe that jesus died and rose again even so those who have fallen asleep in jesus will god bring with him .
that you abstain from things sacrificed to idols from blood from things strangled and from sexual immorality from which if you keep yourselves it will be well with you . farewell .
the path of life leads upward for the wise to keep him from going downward to sheol .
a false witness will perish and a man who listens speaks to eternity .
to grant to us that we being delivered out of the hand of our enemies should serve him without fear
the king spoke and said is not this great babylon which i have built for the royal dwelling place by the might of my power and for the glory of my majesty
they are like children who sit in the marketplace and call one to another saying we piped to you and you did n't dance . we mourned and you did n't weep . '
i also will do this to you i will appoint terror over you even consumption and fever that shall consume the eyes and make the soul to pine away and you will sow your seed in vain for your enemies will eat it .
for the redemption of the two hundred seventy - three of the firstborn of the children of israel who exceed the number of the levites
then the word of yahweh came to me saying
then shall the trees of the wood sing for joy before yahweh for he comes to judge the earth .
who is left among you who saw this house in its former glory how do you see it now is n't it in your eyes as nothing
that you shall set apart to yahweh all that opens the womb and every firstborn which you have that comes from an animal . the males shall be yahweh 's .
so shall my word be that goes forth out of my mouth it shall not return to me void but it shall accomplish that which i please and it shall prosper in the thing whereto i sent it .
the grass withers the flower fades because yahweh 's breath blows on it . surely the people are like grass .
in the hill country and in the lowland and in the arabah and in the slopes and in the wilderness and in the south the hittite the amorite and the canaanite the perizzite the hivite and the jebusite
yes and you will be brought before governors and kings for my sake for a testimony to them and to the nations .
he will lift up a banner to the nations from far and he will whistle for them from the end of the earth . behold they will come speedily and swiftly .
then contended i with the rulers and said why is the house of god forsaken i gathered them together and set them in their place .
asa cried to yahweh his god and said yahweh there is none besides you to help between the mighty and him who has no strength help us yahweh our god for we rely on you and in your name are we come against this multitude . yahweh you are our god do n't let man prevail against you .
for you will eat the labor of your hands . you will be happy and it will be well with you .
and sit on a stately bed with a table prepared before it whereupon you did set my incense and my oil .
you yourselves testify that i said i am not the christ ' but i have been sent before him . '
the burnt offering that the prince shall offer to yahweh shall be on the sabbath day six lambs without blemish and a ram without blemish
for if a man with a gold ring in fine clothing comes into your synagogue   and a poor man in filthy clothing also comes in
he delivered them into the hands of his servants every herd by itself and said to his servants pass over before me and put a space between herd and herd .
they said therefore to him what then do you do for a sign that we may see and believe you what work do you do
they went away in the boat to a desert place by themselves .
go quickly and tell his disciples he has risen from the dead and behold he goes before you into galilee there you will see him . ' behold i have told you .
pharisees came to him testing him and asked him is it lawful for a man to divorce his wife
wicked people earn deceitful wages but one who sows righteousness reaps a sure reward .
for i have given you an example that you also should do as i have done to you .
beware of the dogs beware of the evil workers beware of the false circumcision .
with a strong hand and with an outstretched arm for his loving kindness endures forever
their infants also will be dashed in pieces before their eyes . their houses will be ransacked and their wives raped .
deliver me yahweh from my enemies . i flee to you to hide me .
come you near to me hear you this from the beginning i have not spoken in secret from the time that it was there am i and now the lord yahweh has sent me and his spirit .
a scoffer seeks wisdom and does n't find it but knowledge comes easily to a discerning person .
but be you glad and rejoice forever in that which i create for behold i create jerusalem a rejoicing and her people a joy .
a certain servant girl saw him as he sat in the light and looking intently at him said this man also was with him .
blessed be the god and father of our lord jesus christ who according to his great mercy became our father again to a living hope through the resurrection of jesus christ from the dead
amid which certain jews from asia found me purified in the temple not with a mob nor with turmoil .
yahweh spoke with you face to face on the mountain out of the midst of the fire
when men strive together one with another and the wife of the one draws near to deliver her husband out of the hand of him who strikes him and puts forth her hand and takes him by the secrets
tell us therefore what do you think is it lawful to pay taxes to caesar or not
the priests did n't say where is yahweh and those who handle the law did n't know me the rulers also transgressed against me and the prophets prophesied by baal and walked after things that do not profit .
but god came to abimelech in a dream of the night and said to him behold you are a dead man because of the woman whom you have taken . for she is a man 's wife .
he took his staff in his hand and chose him five smooth stones out of the brook and put them in the shepherd 's bag which he had even in his wallet and his sling was in his hand and he drew near to the philistine .
and said to the judges consider what you do for you do n't judge for man but for yahweh and he is with you in the judgment .
the speech pleased the lord that solomon had asked this thing .
a worthless man devises mischief . his speech is like a scorching fire .
and he who invited both of you would come and tell you make room for this person . ' then you would begin with shame to take the lowest place .
because for the sake of the name they went out taking nothing from the gentiles .
how do we hear everyone in our own native language
you will have joy and gladness and many will rejoice at his birth .
it is even right for me to think this way on behalf of all of you because i have you in my heart because both in my bonds and in the defense and confirmation of the good news you all are partakers with me of grace .
which things indeed appear like wisdom in self - imposed worship and humility and severity to the body but are n't of any value against the indulgence of the flesh .
i will make people more rare than fine gold even a person than the pure gold of ophir .
but in those days after that oppression the sun will be darkened the moon will not give its light
in whom the god of this world has blinded the minds of the unbelieving that the light of the good news of the glory of christ who is the image of god should not dawn on them .
therefore saul sent messengers to jesse and said send me david your son who is with the sheep .
rebekah took the good clothes of esau her elder son which were with her in the house and put them on jacob her younger son .
they have sown wheat and have reaped thorns they have put themselves to pain and profit nothing and you shall be ashamed of your fruits because of the fierce anger of yahweh .
he will be like a wild donkey among men . his hand will be against every man and every man 's hand against him . he will live opposite all of his brothers .
but peter standing up with the eleven lifted up his voice and spoke out to them you men of judea and all you who dwell at jerusalem let this be known to you and listen to my words .
for the thing which i fear comes on me that which i am afraid of comes to me .
give thanks to the lord of lords for his loving kindness endures forever
let me be weighed in an even balance that god may know my integrity
and brought his head on a platter and gave it to the young lady and the young lady gave it to her mother .
behold the days come that all that is in your house and that which your fathers have laid up in store to this day shall be carried to babylon nothing shall be left says yahweh .
we dreamed a dream in one night i and he . we dreamed each man according to the interpretation of his dream .
every meal offering of a priest shall be wholly burned . it shall not be eaten .
and brought out israel from among them for his loving kindness endures forever
for solomon went after ashtoreth the goddess of the sidonians and after milcom the abomination of the ammonites .
therefore my heart sounds for moab like pipes and my heart sounds like pipes for the men of kir heres therefore the abundance that he has gotten is perished .
he said to her daughter cheer up . your faith has made you well . go in peace .
there was a gate to the inner court toward the south and he measured from gate to gate toward the south a hundred cubits .
the sons of the singers gathered themselves together both out of the plain round about jerusalem and from the villages of the netophathites
i will strengthen the arms of the king of babylon and put my sword in his hand but i will break the arms of pharaoh and he shall groan before him with the groanings of a deadly wounded man .
the king shall mourn and the prince shall be clothed with desolation and the hands of the people of the land shall be troubled i will do to them after their way and according to their own judgments will i judge them and they shall know that i am yahweh .
yahweh spoke suddenly to moses and to aaron and to miriam come out you three to the tent of meeting . they three came out .
i will seek that which was lost and will bring back that which was driven away and will bind up that which was broken and will strengthen that which was sick but the fat and the strong i will destroy i will feed them in justice .
again he departed from the borders of tyre and sidon and came to the sea of galilee through the midst of the region of decapolis .
he gathered together the priests and the levites and said to them go out to the cities of judah and gather of all israel money to repair the house of your god from year to year and see that you hasten the matter . however the levites did n't hurry .
it shall happen in that day that a man shall keep alive a young cow and two sheep
and he said to him thus says jephthah israel did n't take away the land of moab nor the land of the children of ammon
the servant said lord it is done as you commanded and there is still room . '
now solomon purposed to build a house for the name of yahweh and a house for his kingdom .
gave his offering one silver platter the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels one silver bowl of seventy shekels after the shekel of the sanctuary both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering
every animal every creeping thing and every bird whatever moves on the earth after their families went forth out of the ark .
but shun foolish questionings genealogies strife and disputes about the law for they are unprofitable and vain .
they have set up kings but not by me . they have made princes and i did n't approve . of their silver and their gold they have made themselves idols that they may be cut off .
to bind their kings with chains and their nobles with fetters of iron
the crowns shall be to helem and to tobijah and to jedaiah and to hen the son of zephaniah for a memorial in the temple of yahweh .
therefore i will weep with the weeping of jazer for the vine of sibmah . i will water you with my tears heshbon and elealeh for on your summer fruits and on your harvest the battle shout has fallen .
and will cast them into the furnace of fire . there will be weeping and the gnashing of teeth .
woe to you you who are full now for you will be hungry . woe to you who laugh now for you will mourn and weep .
it is changed as clay under the seal and stands forth as a garment .
thus shall my anger be accomplished and i will cause my wrath toward them to rest and i shall be comforted and they shall know that i yahweh have spoken in my zeal when i have accomplished my wrath on them .
yes they sacrificed their sons and their daughters to demons .
i went up by revelation and i laid before them the good news which i preach among the gentiles but privately before those who were respected for fear that i might be running or had run in vain .
for there are also many unruly men vain talkers and deceivers especially those of the circumcision
now in the things which we are saying the main point is this . we have such a high priest who sat down on the right hand of the throne of the majesty in the heavens
arise get you to zarephath which belongs to sidon and dwell there behold i have commanded a widow there to sustain you .
the angel of yahweh appeared to him in a flame of fire out of the midst of a bush . he looked and behold the bush burned with fire and the bush was not consumed .
on the twenty - fourth day of the eleventh month which is the month shebat in the second year of darius the word of yahweh came to zechariah the son of berechiah the son of iddo the prophet saying
therefore let us keep the feast not with old yeast neither with the yeast of malice and wickedness but with the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth .
but jehoiada grew old and was full of days and he died one hundred thirty years old was he when he died .
the kingdom and the dominion and the greatness of the kingdoms under the whole sky shall be given to the people of the saints of the most high his kingdom is an everlasting kingdom and all dominions shall serve and obey him .
for entangled like thorns and drunken as with their drink they are consumed utterly like dry stubble .
then he told the man stretch out your hand . he stretched it out and it was restored whole just like the other .
in the thickness of the wall of the court toward the east before the separate place and before the building there were chambers .
she lived under the palm tree of deborah between ramah and bethel in the hill country of ephraim and the children of israel came up to her for judgment .
out of the tribe of issachar kishion with its suburbs daberath with its suburbs
the captain of the guard took jeremiah and said to him yahweh your god pronounced this evil on this place
this is the word that i covenanted with you when you came out of egypt and my spirit lived among you . do n't be afraid . '
as clouds and wind without rain so is he who boasts of gifts deceptively .
their camels four hundred thirty - five their donkeys six thousand seven hundred and twenty .
the first creature was like a lion and the second creature like a calf and the third creature had a face like a man and the fourth was like a flying eagle .
they sacrifice on the tops of the mountains and burn incense on the hills under oaks and poplars and terebinths because its shade is good . therefore your daughters play the prostitute and your brides commit adultery .
now jesus stood before the governor and the governor asked him saying are you the king of the jews jesus said to him so you say .
lament mourn and weep . let your laughter be turned to mourning and your joy to gloom .
all who sat in the council fastening their eyes on him saw his face like it was the face of an angel .
concerning the prophets . my heart within me is broken all my bones shake i am like a drunken man and like a man whom wine has overcome because of yahweh and because of his holy words .
it shall be when the officers have made an end of speaking to the people that they shall appoint captains of armies at the head of the people .
make a joyful shout to god all the earth
heshbon cries out with elealeh . their voice is heard even to jahaz . therefore the armed men of moab cry aloud . their souls tremble within them .
but he passed away and behold he was not . yes i sought him but he could not be found .
if i say i will forget my complaint i will put off my sad face and cheer up '
they brought up the ark of yahweh and the tent of meeting and all the holy vessels that were in the tent even these did the priests and the levites bring up .
take the sum of all the congregation of the children of israel from twenty years old and upward by their fathers ' houses all who are able to go forth to war in israel .
as you would like people to do to you do exactly so to them .
if evil come on us the sword judgment or pestilence or famine we will stand before this house and before you for your name is in this house and cry to you in our affliction and you will hear and save .
then hear from heaven even from your dwelling place and do according to all that the foreigner calls to you for that all the peoples of the earth may know your name and fear you as does your people israel and that they may know that this house which i have built is called by your name .
none is so fierce that he dare stir him up . who then is he who can stand before me
they therefore departed from the presence of the council rejoicing that they were counted worthy to suffer dishonor for jesus ' name .
moses spoke to yahweh saying
no in all these things we are more than conquerors through him who loved us .
he was very thirsty and called on yahweh and said you have given this great deliverance by the hand of your servant and now shall i die for thirst and fall into the hand of the uncircumcised .
of the levites ahijah was over the treasures of the house of god and over the treasures of the dedicated things .
the woman conceived and bore a son . when she saw that he was a fine child she hid him three months .
however the most high does n't dwell in temples made with hands as the prophet says
aaron took as moses spoke and ran into the midst of the assembly and behold the plague was begun among the people and he put on the incense and made atonement for the people .
namely bezer in the wilderness in the plain country for the reubenites and ramoth in gilead for the gadites and golan in bashan for the manassites .
for the fortified city is solitary a habitation deserted and forsaken like the wilderness . the calf will feed there and there he will lie down and consume its branches .
all the people even the men of war who were with him went up and drew near and came before the city and encamped on the north side of ai now there was a valley between him and ai .
it shall be when you are come in to the land which yahweh your god gives you for an inheritance and possess it and dwell therein
neither does one jostle another they march everyone in his path and they burst through the defenses and do n't break ranks .
behold a prophet came near to ahab king of israel and said thus says yahweh have you seen all this great multitude behold i will deliver it into your hand this day and you shall know that i am yahweh .
because you are glad because you rejoice o you who plunder my heritage because you are wanton as a heifer that treads out the grain and neigh as strong horses
do n't be deceived . god is not mocked for whatever a man sows that he will also reap .
you shall take no ransom for him who is fled to his city of refuge that he may come again to dwell in the land until the death of the priest .
confuse them lord and confound their language for i have seen violence and strife in the city .
for by your words you will be justified and by your words you will be condemned .
but let the righteous be glad . let them rejoice before god . yes let them rejoice with gladness .
he said to them take heed what you hear . with whatever measure you measure it will be measured to you and more will be given to you who hear .
i will stretch over jerusalem the line of samaria and the plummet of the house of ahab and i will wipe jerusalem as a man wipes a dish wiping it and turning it upside down .
elisha said to her what shall i do for you tell me what have you in the house she said your handmaid has nothing in the house except a pot of oil .
you also once walked in those when you lived in them
there are also celestial bodies and terrestrial bodies but the glory of the celestial differs from that of the terrestrial .
nevertheless my eye spared them and i did n't destroy them neither did i make a full end of them in the wilderness .
the border went down to the brook of kanah southward of the brook these cities belonged to ephraim among the cities of manasseh and the border of manasseh was on the north side of the brook and the goings out of it were at the sea
for without cause they have hidden their net in a pit for me . without cause they have dug a pit for my soul .
woe to you scribes and pharisees hypocrites for you travel around by sea and land to make one proselyte and when he becomes one you make him twice as much of a son of gehenna as yourselves .
in the eighth month in the second year of darius the word of yahweh came to zechariah the son of berechiah the son of iddo the prophet saying
they pour out arrogant words . all the evil - doers boast .
yet i destroyed the amorite before them whose height was like the height of the cedars and he was strong as the oaks yet i destroyed his fruit from above and his roots from beneath .
the children of the captivity did so . ezra the priest with certain heads of fathers ' houses after their fathers ' houses and all of them by their names were set apart and they sat down in the first day of the tenth month to examine the matter .
that i may make the voice of thanksgiving to be heard and tell of all your wondrous works .
serve yahweh with gladness . come before his presence with singing .
therefore love the foreigner for you were foreigners in the land of egypt .
but they said we will drink no wine for jonadab the son of rechab our father commanded us saying you shall drink no wine neither you nor your sons forever
but he because he lives forever has his priesthood unchangeable .
they divide my garments among them . they cast lots for my clothing .
being made free from sin you became bondservants of righteousness .
for i testify about him that he has great zeal for you and for those in laodicea and for those in hierapolis .
do n't deliver the soul of your dove to wild beasts . do n't forget the life of your poor forever .
as for man his days are like grass . as a flower of the field so he flourishes .
he made the lampstand of pure gold . he made the lampstand of beaten work . its base its shaft its cups its buds and its flowers were of one piece with it .
by reason of the multitude of oppressions they cry out they cry for help by reason of the arm of the mighty .
yahweh answered the angel who talked with me with kind and comforting words .
therefore behold i will cause them to know this once will i cause them to know my hand and my might and they shall know that my name is yahweh .
but he said to her you speak as one of the foolish women would speak . what shall we receive good at the hand of god and shall we not receive evil in all this job did n't sin with his lips .
it is given to be furbished that it may be handled the sword it is sharpened yes it is furbished to give it into the hand of the killer .
he said peaceably i am come to sacrifice to yahweh sanctify yourselves and come with me to the sacrifice . he sanctified jesse and his sons and called them to the sacrifice .
give and it will be given to you good measure pressed down shaken together and running over will be given to you . for with the same measure you measure it will be measured back to you .
yahweh i know that the way of man is not in himself it is not in man who walks to direct his steps .
those who were numbered of them of the tribe of benjamin were thirty - five thousand four hundred .
now therefore when i come to your servant my father and the boy is not with us seeing that his life is bound up in the boy 's life
a continual dropping on a rainy day and a contentious wife are alike
and the sash of fine twined linen and blue and purple and scarlet the work of the embroiderer as yahweh commanded moses .
he placed the breastplate on him and in the breastplate he put the urim and the thummim .
and the fourth row a chrysolite an onyx and a jasper . they were enclosed in gold settings .
his disciples went out and came into the city and found things as he had said to them and they prepared the passover .
they said to you that in the last time there will be mockers walking after their own ungodly lusts .
he lifted up his eyes and saw the wayfaring man in the street of the city and the old man said where go you and whence come you
yahweh do n't grant the desires of the wicked . do n't let their evil plans succeed or they will become proud . selah .
the time drew near that israel must die and he called his son joseph and said to him if now i have found favor in your sight please put your hand under my thigh and deal kindly and truly with me . please do n't bury me in egypt
adonijah feared because of solomon and he arose and went and caught hold on the horns of the altar .
jesus therefore answered it is he to whom i will give this piece of bread when i have dipped it . so when he had dipped the piece of bread he gave it to judas the son of simon iscariot .
but that you also may know my affairs how i am doing tychicus the beloved brother and faithful servant in the lord will make known to you all things
then they asked him tell us please for whose cause this evil is on us . what is your occupation where do you come from what is your country of what people are you
for him who knew no sin he made to be sin on our behalf so that in him we might become the righteousness of god .
now i will tell you what i will do to my vineyard . i will take away its hedge and it will be eaten up . i will break down its wall of it and it will be trampled down .
when this comes to pass behold it comes then shall they know that a prophet has been among them .
his bones are full of his youth but youth shall lie down with him in the dust .
thus were they divided impartially by drawing lots for there were princes of the sanctuary and princes of god both of the sons of eleazar and of the sons of ithamar .
then saul said to jonathan tell me what you have done . jonathan told him and said i did certainly taste a little honey with the end of the rod that was in my hand and behold i must die .
this is love that we should walk according to his commandments . this is the commandment even as you heard from the beginning that you should walk in it .
i brought your fathers out of egypt and you came to the sea and the egyptians pursued after your fathers with chariots and with horsemen to the red sea .
he made the poles of acacia wood and overlaid them with brass .
but mixed themselves with the nations and learned their works .
stephen full of faith and power performed great wonders and signs among the people .
behold men brought a paralyzed man on a cot and they sought to bring him in to lay before jesus .
the princes of moab rose up and they went to balak and said balaam refuses to come with us .
then jesus came with them to a place called gethsemane and said to his disciples sit here while i go there and pray .
thus says yahweh the god of israel thus shall you tell the king of judah who sent you to me to inquire of me behold pharaoh 's army which is come forth to help you shall return to egypt into their own land .
to titus my true child according to a common faith grace mercy and peace from god the father and the lord jesus christ our savior .
but afterward i will bring back the captivity of the children of ammon says yahweh .
you were in eden the garden of god every precious stone adorned you ruby topaz emerald chrysolite onyx jasper sapphire   turquoise and beryl . gold work of tambourines and of pipes was in you . in the day that you were created they were prepared .
moses entered into the midst of the cloud and went up on the mountain and moses was on the mountain forty days and forty nights .
by this everyone will know that you are my disciples if you have love for one another .
there will be no night and they need no lamp light for the lord god will illuminate them . they will reign forever and ever .
and the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour for a meal offering mixed with the fourth part of a hin of beaten oil .
asshur is there and all her company her graves are round about her all of them slain fallen by the sword
thus says yahweh against all my evil neighbors who touch the inheritance which i have caused my people israel to inherit behold i will pluck them up from off their land and will pluck up the house of judah from among them .
the princes were angry with jeremiah and struck him and put him in prison in the house of jonathan the scribe for they had made that the prison .
he will judge the world in righteousness . he will administer judgment to the peoples in uprightness .
my bread also which i gave you fine flour and oil and honey with which i fed you you did even set it before them for a sweet savor and thus it was says the lord yahweh .
his master said to him we wo n't turn aside into the city of a foreigner that is not of the children of israel but we will pass over to gibeah .
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old shall you number them everyone who enters on the service to do the work of the tent of meeting .
the angel thrust his sickle into the earth and gathered the vintage of the earth and threw it into the great winepress of the wrath of god .
if any of your outcasts are in the uttermost parts of the heavens from there will yahweh your god gather you and from there he will bring you back
at what instant i shall speak concerning a nation and concerning a kingdom to build and to plant it
if the household is worthy let your peace come on it but if it is n't worthy let your peace return to you .
he said watch out that you do n't get led astray for many will come in my name saying i am ' and the time is at hand . ' therefore do n't follow them .
it happened after this that the children of moab and the children of ammon and with them some of the ammonites came against jehoshaphat to battle .
he said to him bring me a heifer three years old a female goat three years old a ram three years old a turtledove and a young pigeon .
they reasoned with one another saying it 's because we have no bread .
he who sins is of the devil for the devil has been sinning from the beginning . to this end the son of god was revealed that he might destroy the works of the devil .
you shall strike every fortified city and every choice city and shall fell every good tree and stop all springs of water and mar every good piece of land with stones .
in the greatness of your excellency you overthrow those who rise up against you you send forth your wrath . it consumes them as stubble .
they have turned aside quickly out of the way which i commanded them . they have made themselves a molten calf and have worshiped it and have sacrificed to it and said these are your gods israel which brought you up out of the land of egypt . '
god is our refuge and strength a very present help in trouble .
there is salvation in none other for neither is there any other name under heaven that is given among men by which we must be saved
the lamp of the body is the eye . therefore when your eye is good your whole body is also full of light but when it is evil your body also is full of darkness .
those who fled stand without strength under the shadow of heshbon for a fire is gone forth out of heshbon and a flame from the midst of sihon and has devoured the corner of moab and the crown of the head of the tumultuous ones .
it happened when i even i daniel had seen the vision that i sought to understand it and behold there stood before me as the appearance of a man .
but above all things my brothers do n't swear neither by heaven nor by the earth nor by any other oath but let your yes be yes and your no no so that you do n't fall into hypocrisy .
they shall know that i am yahweh their god in that i caused them to go into captivity among the nations and have gathered them to their own land and i will leave none of them any more there
but do n't be far off yahweh . you are my help hurry to help me .
it happened in the morning that his spirit was troubled and he sent and called for all of egypt 's magicians and wise men . pharaoh told them his dreams but there was no one who could interpret them to pharaoh .
simon peter answered him lord to whom would we go you have the words of eternal life .
see if there is any wicked way in me and lead me in the everlasting way .
the voice of my beloved behold he comes leaping on the mountains skipping on the hills .
it happened in the eleventh year in the first month in the seventh day of the month that the word of yahweh came to me saying
a noise shall come even to the end of the earth for yahweh has a controversy with the nations he will enter into judgment with all flesh as for the wicked he will give them to the sword says yahweh .
he had also seven sons and three daughters .
seeing that many boast after the flesh i will also boast .
now hannah she spoke in her heart only her lips moved but her voice was not heard therefore eli thought she had been drunken .
do n't stand in the crossroads to cut off those of his who escape . do n't deliver up those of his who remain in the day of distress .
the children also of his servants shall inherit it . those who love his name shall dwell therein .
all the cities of the families of the rest of the children of kohath were ten with their suburbs .
can a man be profitable to god surely he who is wise is profitable to himself .
it happened when rachel had borne joseph that jacob said to laban send me away that i may go to my own place and to my country .
and to carry the silver and gold which the king and his counselors have freely offered to the god of israel whose habitation is in jerusalem
teaching them to observe all things that i commanded you . behold i am with you always even to the end of the age . amen .
he told her all his heart and said to her no razor has ever come on my head for i have been a nazirite to god from my mother 's womb . if i am shaved then my strength will go from me and i will become weak and be like any other man .
he who overcomes will be arrayed in white garments and i will in no way blot his name out of the book of life and i will confess his name before my father and before his angels .
all the brothers greet you . greet one another with a holy kiss .
israel said why did you treat me so badly telling the man that you had another brother
you shall break them with a rod of iron . you shall dash them in pieces like a potter 's vessel .
if i ascend up into heaven you are there . if i make my bed in sheol behold you are there
a voice was heard in ramah lamentation weeping and great mourning rachel weeping for her children she would n't be comforted because they are no more .
his brothers saw that their father loved him more than all his brothers and they hated him and could n't speak peaceably to him .
then ahimelech answered the king and said who among all your servants is so faithful as david who is the king 's son - in - law and is taken into your council and is honorable in your house
does he who plows to sow plow continually does he keep turning the soil and breaking the clods
david also took ahinoam of jezreel and they became both of them his wives .
moses led the people out of the camp to meet god and they stood at the lower part of the mountain .
he shall kill it on the north side of the altar before yahweh . aaron 's sons the priests shall sprinkle its blood around on the altar .
his daughter was sheerah who built beth horon the lower and the upper and uzzen sheerah .
paul a prisoner of christ jesus and timothy our brother to philemon our beloved fellow worker
you have plowed wickedness . you have reaped iniquity . you have eaten the fruit of lies for you trusted in your way in the multitude of your mighty men .
then moses and aaron fell on their faces before all the assembly of the congregation of the children of israel .
why do the nations rage and the peoples plot a vain thing
for you know that even when he afterward desired to inherit the blessing he was rejected for he found no place for a change of mind though he sought it diligently with tears .
the burden of tyre . howl you ships of tarshish for it is laid waste so that there is no house no entering in . from the land of kittim it is revealed to them .
the jews therefore said will he kill himself that he says where i am going you ca n't come '
and with you will i break in pieces the shepherd and his flock and with you will i break in pieces the farmer and his yoke of oxen and with you will i break in pieces governors and deputies .
and i will bring you into the wilderness of the peoples and there will i enter into judgment with you face to face .
the high priest said are these things so
for the lord had made the army of the syrians to hear a noise of chariots and a noise of horses even the noise of a great army and they said one to another behold the king of israel has hired against us the kings of the hittites and the kings of the egyptians to come on us .
his division and those who were numbered of them were fifty - nine thousand three hundred .
suddenly there was a great earthquake so that the foundations of the prison were shaken and immediately all the doors were opened and everyone 's bonds were loosened .
the seven priests bearing the seven trumpets of rams ' horns before the ark of yahweh went on continually and blew the trumpets and the armed men went before them and the rearward came after the ark of yahweh the priests blowing the trumpets as they went .
for most assuredly i tell you until heaven and earth pass away not even one smallest letter or one tiny pen stroke shall in any way pass away from the law until all things are accomplished .
the king of egypt said to them why do you moses and aaron take the people from their work get back to your burdens
it had been revealed to him by the holy spirit that he should not see death before he had seen the lord 's christ .
fathers do n't provoke your children so that they wo n't be discouraged .
and you shall offer for the drink offering half a hin of wine for an offering made by fire of a sweet savor to yahweh .
for behold they have gone away from destruction . egypt will gather them up . memphis will bury them . nettles will possess their pleasant things of silver . thorns will be in their tents .
i am indeed a jew born in tarsus of cilicia but brought up in this city at the feet of gamaliel instructed according to the strict manner of the law of our fathers being zealous for god even as you all are this day .
it happened that when jesus had finished directing his twelve disciples he departed from there to teach and preach in their cities .
a certain centurion 's servant who was dear to him was sick and at the point of death .
yahweh said to moses tell aaron take your rod and stretch out your hand over the waters of egypt over their rivers over their streams and over their pools and over all their ponds of water that they may become blood and there shall be blood throughout all the land of egypt both in vessels of wood and in vessels of stone . '
david said to all his servants who were with him at jerusalem arise and let us flee for else none of us shall escape from absalom make speed to depart lest he overtake us quickly and bring down evil on us and strike the city with the edge of the sword .
be it known therefore to you that the salvation of god is sent to the nations . they will also listen .
woe to you land when your king is a child and your princes eat in the morning
he fell on his face at jesus ' feet giving him thanks and he was a samaritan .
your lips are like scarlet thread . your mouth is lovely . your temples are like a piece of a pomegranate behind your veil .
is it at your command that the eagle mounts up and makes his nest on high
you fathers do n't provoke your children to wrath but nurture them in the discipline and instruction of the lord .
after this thing jeroboam did n't return from his evil way but made again from among all the people priests of the high places whoever would he consecrated him that there might be priests of the high places .
then i will establish the throne of your kingdom according as i covenanted with david your father saying there shall not fail you a man to be ruler in israel .
do n't eat the food of him who has a stingy eye and do n't crave his delicacies
all flying insects that walk on all fours are an abomination to you .
isaiah said take a cake of figs . they took and laid it on the boil and he recovered .
he said to them it is n't for you to know times or seasons which the father has set within his own authority .
until yahweh give rest to your brothers as to you and they also possess the land which yahweh your god gives them beyond the jordan then shall you return every man to his possession which i have given you .
the word of yahweh came to me saying
for whoever shall keep the whole law and yet stumble in one point he has become guilty of all .
circumcision is nothing and uncircumcision is nothing but the keeping of the commandments of god .
then answered they and said before the king that daniel who is of the children of the captivity of judah does n't regard you o king nor the interdict that you have signed but makes his petition three times a day .
to him who made the great lights for his loving kindness endures forever
this is the history of the generations of noah . noah was a righteous man blameless among the people of his time . noah walked with god .
she spoke to him according to these words saying the hebrew servant whom you have brought to us came in to me to mock me
in those days while mordecai was sitting in the king 's gate two of the king 's chamberlains bigthan and teresh of those who kept the threshold were angry and sought to lay hands on the king ahasuerus .
pharaoh said behold the people of the land are now many and you make them rest from their burdens .
he also drove out the nations before them allotted them for an inheritance by line and made the tribes of israel to dwell in their tents .
the grace of our lord jesus christ be with your spirit . amen .
yahweh said to moses when you go back into egypt see that you do before pharaoh all the wonders which i have put in your hand but i will harden his heart and he will not let the people go .
her nobles were purer than snow they were whiter than milk they were more ruddy in body than rubies their polishing was as of sapphire .
concerning jehoiakim king of judah you shall say thus says yahweh you have burned this scroll saying why have you written therein saying the king of babylon shall certainly come and destroy this land and shall cause to cease from there man and animal
yahweh said to joshua get you up why are you thus fallen on your face
in that hour the disciples came to jesus saying who then is greatest in the kingdom of heaven
for your arrows have pierced me your hand presses hard on me .
he went with him and a great multitude followed him and they pressed upon him on all sides .
he overlaid also the house the beams the thresholds and the walls of it and the doors of it with gold and engraved cherubim on the walls .
for thus says yahweh behold i will sling out the inhabitants of the land at this time and will distress them that they may feel it .
that your days may be multiplied and the days of your children in the land which yahweh swore to your fathers to give them as the days of the heavens above the earth .
rehoboam went to shechem for all israel were come to shechem to make him king .
go you inquire of yahweh for me and for the people and for all judah concerning the words of this book that is found for great is the wrath of yahweh that is kindled against us because our fathers have not listened to the words of this book to do according to all that which is written concerning us .
how he entered into the house of god when abiathar was high priest and ate the show bread which it is not lawful to eat except for the priests and gave also to those who were with him
and their meal offering fine flour mixed with oil three tenth parts for every bull of the thirteen bulls two tenth parts for each ram of the two rams
demetrius has the testimony of all and of the truth itself yes we also testify and you know that our testimony is true .
if now you have understanding hear this . listen to the voice of my words .
let my tongue sing of your word for all your commandments are righteousness .
he said do n't lay your hand on the boy neither do anything to him . for now i know that you fear god seeing you have not withheld your son your only son from me .
preaching boldly in the name of the lord . he spoke and disputed against the hellenists but they were seeking to kill him .
and i will clothe him with your robe and strengthen him with your belt . i will commit your government into his hand and he will be a father to the inhabitants of jerusalem and to the house of judah .
and they entered into the boat and were going over the sea to capernaum . it was now dark and jesus had not come to them .
their father said to them which way did he go now his sons had seen which way the man of god went who came from judah .
behold i come quickly . blessed is he who keeps the words of the prophecy of this book .
moses turned and went down from the mountain with the two tablets of the testimony in his hand tablets that were written on both their sides on the one side and on the other they were written .
great is yahweh and greatly to be praised his greatness is unsearchable .
my dwelling is removed and is carried away from me like a shepherd 's tent . i have rolled up like a weaver my life . he will cut me off from the loom . from day even to night you will make an end of me .
jesus said to him you shall love the lord your god with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind . '
azariah the priest went in after him and with him eighty priests of yahweh who were valiant men
saul said cast lots between me and jonathan my son . jonathan was taken .
remove your scourge away from me . i am overcome by the blow of your hand .
there the centurion found a ship of alexandria sailing for italy and he put us on board .
the children of israel shall pitch their tents every man by his own camp and every man by his own standard according to their divisions .
therefore the children of israel do n't eat the sinew of the hip which is on the hollow of the thigh to this day because he touched the hollow of jacob 's thigh in the sinew of the hip .
then hezekiah commanded to prepare chambers in the house of yahweh and they prepared them .
saying what do you think of the christ whose son is he they said to him of david .
i have therefore my boasting in christ jesus in things pertaining to god .
those who were numbered of them of the tribe of naphtali were fifty - three thousand four hundred .
so my heavenly father will also do to you if you do n't each forgive your brother from your hearts for his misdeeds .
the waters receded from the earth continually . after the end of one hundred fifty days the waters decreased .
then justice will dwell in the wilderness and righteousness will remain in the fruitful field .
knowing that the putting off of my tent comes swiftly even as our lord jesus christ made clear to me .
the king answered i know of a certainty that you would gain time because you see the thing is gone from me .
how the christ must suffer and how by the resurrection of the dead he would be first to proclaim light both to these people and to the gentiles .
but you brothers do n't be weary in doing well .
the egyptians pursued after them all the horses and chariots of pharaoh his horsemen and his army and overtook them encamping by the sea beside pihahiroth before baal zephon .
in the twenty - fourth day of the month in the sixth month in the second year of darius the king .
and they shall bring the glory and the honor of the nations into it so that they may enter .
know this for sure that no sexually immoral person nor unclean person nor covetous man who is an idolater has any inheritance in the kingdom of christ and god .
nor can they prove to you the things of which they now accuse me .
for thus says the lord yahweh i will bring up a company against them and will give them to be tossed back and forth and robbed .
he took him into the field of zophim to the top of pisgah and built seven altars and offered up a bull and a ram on every altar .
so you also have some who hold to the teaching of the nicolaitans likewise .
moses commanded the children of israel according to the word of yahweh saying the tribe of the sons of joseph speaks right .
whoever robs his father or his mother and says it 's not wrong . he is a partner with a destroyer .
therefore we said let us now prepare to build us an altar not for burnt offering nor for sacrifice
salvation belongs to yahweh . your blessing be on your people . selah .
and saying if you are the king of the jews save yourself
when i came to you brothers i did n't come with excellence of speech or of wisdom proclaiming to you the testimony of god .
she hurried and emptied her pitcher into the trough and ran again to the well to draw and drew for all his camels .
moses wrote their goings out according to their journeys by the commandment of yahweh and these are their journeys according to their goings out .
when you go your steps will not be hampered . when you run you will not stumble .
i will put forth my hand and strike egypt with all my wonders which i will do in the midst of it and after that he will let you go .
the captain of the guard took seraiah the chief priest and zephaniah the second priest and the three keepers of the threshold
another angel came out from the temple crying with a loud voice to him who sat on the cloud send forth your sickle and reap for the hour to reap has come for the harvest of the earth is ripe
beside the gates at the entry of the city at the entry doors she cries aloud
in that time a present will be brought to yahweh of armies from a people tall and smooth even from a people awesome from their beginning onward a nation that measures out and treads down whose land the rivers divide to the place of the name of yahweh of armies mount zion .
they shall go forth and look on the dead bodies of the men who have transgressed against me for their worm shall not die neither shall their fire be quenched and they shall be an abhorring to all flesh .
be glad in yahweh you righteous people give thanks to his holy name .
pay attention to him and listen to his voice . do n't provoke him for he will not pardon your disobedience for my name is in him .
but let your yes ' be yes ' and your no ' be no . ' whatever is more than these is of the evil one .
for thus says yahweh david shall never want a man to sit on the throne of the house of israel
but of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil you shall not eat of it for in the day that you eat of it you will surely die .
but i will sing of your strength . yes i will sing aloud of your loving kindness in the morning . for you have been my high tower a refuge in the day of my distress .
you are wearied in the multitude of your counsels let now the astrologers the stargazers the monthly prognosticators stand up and save you from the things that shall come on you .
he said i saw all israel scattered on the mountains as sheep that have no shepherd and yahweh said these have no master let them return every man to his house in peace .
you shall hang up the veil under the clasps and shall bring the ark of the testimony in there within the veil and the veil shall separate the holy place from the most holy for you .
one who winks his eyes to plot perversities one who compresses his lips is bent on evil .
korah assembled all the congregation against them to the door of the tent of meeting and the glory of yahweh appeared to all the congregation .
the sea coast will be pastures with cottages for shepherds and folds for flocks .
joshua the son of nun was full of the spirit of wisdom for moses had laid his hands on him and the children of israel listened to him and did as yahweh commanded moses .
god has spoken once twice i have heard this that power belongs to god .
therefore turn to your god . keep kindness and justice and wait continually for your god .
for their rock is not as our rock even our enemies themselves being judges .
judah said to israel his father send the boy with me and we 'll get up and go so that we may live and not die both we and you and also our little ones .
they brought horses for solomon out of egypt and out of all lands .
for david did n't ascend into the heavens but he says himself the lord said to my lord sit by my right hand
to timothy my beloved child grace mercy and peace from god the father and christ jesus our lord .
now in return i speak as to my children you also be open wide .
shall they not teach you tell you and utter words out of their heart
i heard one speaking to me out of the house and a man stood by me .
many waters ca n't quench love neither can floods drown it . if a man would give all the wealth of his house for love he would be utterly scorned . friends
one young bull one ram one male lamb a year old for a burnt offering
vindicate me yahweh my god according to your righteousness do n't let them gloat over me .
under their hand was an army three hundred thousand and seven thousand and five hundred who made war with mighty power to help the king against the enemy .
but it happened when nebuchadnezzar king of babylon came up into the land that we said come and let us go to jerusalem for fear of the army of the chaldeans and for fear of the army of the syrians so we dwell at jerusalem .
i know your works oppression and your poverty but you are rich and the blasphemy of those who say they are jews and they are not but are a synagogue of satan .
cursed be he who does n't confirm the words of this law to do them . all the people shall say amen .
when the children of ammon saw that they were become odious to david the children of ammon sent and hired the syrians of beth rehob and the syrians of zobah twenty thousand footmen and the king of maacah with one thousand men and the men of tob twelve thousand men .
son of man because tyre has said against jerusalem aha she is broken the gate of the peoples she is turned to me i shall be replenished now that she is laid waste
he offered for his offering one silver platter the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels one silver bowl of seventy shekels after the shekel of the sanctuary both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering
praise yahweh jerusalem praise your god zion
but woe to those who are with child and to those who nurse babies in those days
like a fluttering sparrow like a darting swallow so the undeserved curse does n't come to rest .
he who is truthful testifies honestly but a false witness lies .
my skin grows black and peels from me . my bones are burned with heat .
for whoever finds me finds life and will obtain favor from yahweh .
over the king 's treasures was azmaveth the son of adiel and over the treasures in the fields in the cities and in the villages and in the towers was jonathan the son of uzziah
all the people went to gilgal and there they made saul king before yahweh in gilgal and there they offered sacrifices of peace offerings before yahweh and there saul and all the men of israel rejoiced greatly .
have n't you poured me out like milk and curdled me like cheese
for it was of yahweh to harden their hearts to come against israel in battle that he might utterly destroy them that they might have no favor but that he might destroy them as yahweh commanded moses .
but you said no for we will flee on horses therefore you will flee and we will ride on the swift therefore those who pursue you will be swift .
yahweh your hand is lifted up yet they do n't see but they will see your zeal for the people and be disappointed . yes fire will consume your adversaries .
unleavened bread unleavened cakes mixed with oil and unleavened wafers anointed with oil you shall make them of fine wheat flour .
even as jannes and jambres opposed moses so do these also oppose the truth men corrupted in mind reprobate concerning the faith .
for ships of kittim shall come against him therefore he shall be grieved and shall return and have indignation against the holy covenant and shall do his pleasure he shall even return and have regard to those who forsake the holy covenant .
but you will go to your fathers in peace . you will be buried in a good old age .
out of the spoil won in battles did they dedicate to repair the house of yahweh .
he called for lights and sprang in and fell down trembling before paul and silas
the fifth angel sounded and i saw a star from the sky which had fallen to the earth . the key to the pit of the abyss was given to him .
so david rose up early he and his men to depart in the morning to return into the land of the philistines . the philistines went up to jezreel .
a great sign was seen in heaven a woman clothed with the sun and the moon under her feet and on her head a crown of twelve stars .
that you may eat and drink at my table in my kingdom . you will sit on thrones judging the twelve tribes of israel .
the earthen vessel which he who has the discharge touches shall be broken and every vessel of wood shall be rinsed in water .
command you the people saying you are to pass through the border of your brothers the children of esau who dwell in seir and they will be afraid of you take good heed to yourselves therefore
for i know my transgressions . my sin is constantly before me .
thus says yahweh the god of israel behold i will turn back the weapons of war that are in your hands with which you fight against the king of babylon and against the chaldeans who besiege you without the walls and i will gather them into the midst of this city .
hear my prayer yahweh let my cry come to you .
so pursue them with your tempest and terrify them with your storm .
he said these things and after that he said to them our friend lazarus has fallen asleep but i am going so that i may awake him out of sleep .
then men shall say because they forsook the covenant of yahweh the god of their fathers which he made with them when he brought them forth out of the land of egypt
now therefore do n't hold him guiltless for you are a wise man and you will know what you ought to do to him and you shall bring his gray head down to sheol with blood .
the sons of gad lived over against them in the land of bashan to salecah
but jonathan did n't hear when his father charged the people with the oath therefore he put forth the end of the rod who was in his hand and dipped it in the honeycomb and put his hand to his mouth and his eyes were enlightened .
if then god gave to them the same gift as us when we believed in the lord jesus christ who was i that i could withstand god
you were dead through your trespasses and the uncircumcision of your flesh . he made you alive together with him having forgiven us all our trespasses
you shall fall by the sword i will judge you in the border of israel and you shall know that i am yahweh .
love is patient and is kind love does n't envy . love does n't brag is not proud
you shall teach them the statutes and the laws and shall show them the way in which they must walk and the work that they must do .
when the mourning was past david sent and took her home to his house and she became his wife and bore him a son . but the thing that david had done displeased yahweh .
the messenger said to david the men prevailed against us and came out to us into the field and we were on them even to the entrance of the gate .
for the earth bears fruit first the blade then the ear then the full grain in the ear .
they were willing therefore to receive him into the boat . immediately the boat was at the land where they were going .
but i tell you that elijah has come and they have also done to him whatever they wanted to even as it is written about him .
hushai said moreover you know your father and his men that they are mighty men and they are fierce in their minds as a bear robbed of her cubs in the field and your father is a man of war and will not lodge with the people .
your father made our yoke grievous now therefore make you the grievous service of your father and his heavy yoke which he put on us lighter and we will serve you .
neither with you only do i make this covenant and this oath
but he answered them when it is evening you say it will be fair weather for the sky is red . '
thus were the travels of the children of israel according to their armies and they set forward .
do n't neglect the gift that is in you which was given to you by prophecy with the laying on of the hands of the elders .
in time of security shall he come even on the fattest places of the province and he shall do that which his fathers have not done nor his fathers ' fathers he shall scatter among them prey and spoil and substance yes he shall devise his devices against the strongholds even for a time .
moses answered them wait that i may hear what yahweh will command concerning you .
jeroboam said to his wife please get up and disguise yourself that you not be known to be the wife of jeroboam and get you to shiloh behold there is ahijah the prophet who spoke concerning me that i should be king over this people .
and desiring to be fed with the crumbs that fell from the rich man 's table . yes even the dogs came and licked his sores .
azariah the chief priest of the house of zadok answered him and said since the people began to bring the offerings into the house of yahweh we have eaten and had enough and have left plenty for yahweh has blessed his people and that which is left is this great store .
that i may give wealth to those who love me . i fill their treasuries .
how then would the scriptures be fulfilled that it must be so
they are all plain to him who understands right to those who find knowledge .
now therefore if it seem good to the king let there be search made in the king 's treasure house which is there at babylon whether it be so that a decree was made of cyrus the king to build this house of god at jerusalem and let the king send his pleasure to us concerning this matter .
if we say that we have no sin we deceive ourselves and the truth is not in us .
the sun will not harm you by day nor the moon by night .
the mountains quake before him and the hills melt away . the earth trembles at his presence yes the world and all who dwell in it .
why should you be beaten more that you revolt more and more the whole head is sick and the whole heart faint .
you shall eat but not be satisfied . your humiliation will be in your midst . you will store up but not save and that which you save i will give up to the sword .
yahweh has commanded concerning you no more descendants will bear your name . out of the house of your gods will i cut off the engraved image and the molten image . i will make your grave for you are vile .
he brought in the priests and the levites and gathered them together into the broad place on the east
as yahweh commanded moses so he numbered them in the wilderness of sinai .
let the stars of the twilight of it be dark . let it look for light but have none neither let it see the eyelids of the morning
it shall happen in the latter days that the mountain of yahweh 's house shall be established on the top of the mountains and shall be raised above the hills and all nations shall flow to it .
let every wise - hearted man among you come and make all that yahweh has commanded
do you open your eyes on such a one and bring me into judgment with you
and you shall keep it until the fourteenth day of the same month and the whole assembly of the congregation of israel shall kill it at evening .
yahweh saw that leah was hated and he opened her womb but rachel was barren .
if you walk contrary to me and wo n't listen to me then i will bring seven times more plagues on you according to your sins .
we 'll find all valuable wealth . we 'll fill our houses with spoil .
and because you are children god sent out the spirit of his son into your hearts crying abba father
a wild donkey used to the wilderness that snuffs up the wind in her desire in her occasion who can turn her away all those who seek her will not weary themselves in her month they shall find her .
it was told him by some saying your mother and your brothers stand outside desiring to see you .
the king 's favor is toward a servant who deals wisely but his wrath is toward one who causes shame .
the father of circumcision to those who not only are of the circumcision but who also walk in the steps of that faith of our father abraham which he had in uncircumcision .
his servants conspired against him and put him to death in his own house .
my enemies reproach me all day . those who are mad at me use my name as a curse .
because of your indignation and your wrath for you have taken me up and thrown me away .
only you shall not eat the blood you shall pour it out on the earth as water .
believe me that i am in the father and the father in me or else believe me for the very works ' sake .
he who sent me is with me . the father has n't left me alone for i always do the things that are pleasing to him .
observe that which i command you this day . behold i drive out before you the amorite the canaanite the hittite the perizzite the hivite and the jebusite .
he who loves father or mother more than me is not worthy of me and he who loves son or daughter more than me is n't worthy of me .
let us make please a little chamber on the wall and let us set for him there a bed and a table and a seat and a lamp stand and it shall be when he comes to us that he shall turn in there .
the sons of the prophets who were at bethel came forth to elisha and said to him do you know that yahweh will take away your master from your head today he said yes i know it hold your peace .
it is better that you should not vow than that you should vow and not pay .
then answered david and said to ahimelech the hittite and to abishai the son of zeruiah brother to joab saying who will go down with me to saul to the camp abishai said i will go down with you .
but i worked for my name 's sake that it should not be profaned in the sight of the nations in whose sight i brought them out .
will you show partiality to him will you contend for god
do n't be deceived my beloved brothers .
for the mind of the flesh is death but the mind of the spirit is life and peace
on that day yahweh magnified joshua in the sight of all israel and they feared him as they feared moses all the days of his life .
slanderous men have been in you to shed blood and in you they have eaten on the mountains in the midst of you they have committed lewdness .
when they were by jebus the day was far spent and the servant said to his master please come and let us turn aside into this city of the jebusites and lodge in it .
in the fullness of his sufficiency distress shall overtake him the hand of everyone who is in misery shall come on him .
from there he went against the inhabitants of debir . now the name of debir before was kiriath sepher .
he said to me write blessed are those who are invited to the marriage supper of the lamb . ' he said to me these are true words of god .
this we will do to them and let them live lest wrath be on us because of the oath which we swore to them .
he went and joined himself to one of the citizens of that country and he sent him into his fields to feed pigs .
others mocking said they are filled with new wine .
i said to her you shall stay with me many days . you shall not play the prostitute and you shall not be with any other man . i will also be so toward you .
therefore he was obligated in all things to be made like his brothers that he might become a merciful and faithful high priest in things pertaining to god to make atonement for the sins of the people .
none of them can by any means redeem his brother nor give god a ransom for him .
when it was day he called his disciples and from them he chose twelve whom he also named apostles
while they see for you false visions while they divine lies to you to lay you on the necks of the wicked who are deadly wounded whose day is come in the time of the iniquity of the end .
with absalom went two hundred men out of jerusalem who were invited and went in their simplicity and they did n't know anything .
however he does n't mean so neither does his heart think so but it is in his heart to destroy and to cut off not a few nations .
house and riches are an inheritance from fathers but a prudent wife is from yahweh .
now israel what does yahweh your god require of you but to fear yahweh your god to walk in all his ways and to love him and to serve yahweh your god with all your heart and with all your soul
if he brings a lamb as his offering for a sin offering he shall bring a female without blemish .
he said i have observed all these things from my youth up .
in the latter time of their kingdom when the transgressors are come to the full a king of fierce face and understanding dark sentences shall stand up .
they came to jerusalem with psalteries and harps and trumpets to the house of yahweh .
but now brothers if i come to you speaking with other languages what would i profit you unless i speak to you either by way of revelation or of knowledge or of prophesying or of teaching
would your wealth sustain you in distress or all the might of your strength
all the people who were in the city were called together to pursue after them and they pursued after joshua and were drawn away from the city .
jacob traveled to succoth built himself a house and made shelters for his livestock . therefore the name of the place is called succoth .
and said to them thus says yahweh the god of israel to whom you sent me to present your supplication before him
they said one to another we are certainly guilty concerning our brother in that we saw the distress of his soul when he begged us and we would n't listen . therefore this distress has come upon us .
when the jubilee of the children of israel shall be then will their inheritance be added to the inheritance of the tribe whereunto they shall belong so will their inheritance be taken away from the inheritance of the tribe of our fathers .
all the cities which you shall give to the levites shall be forty - eight cities them shall you give with their suburbs .
then came the word of yahweh to jeremiah saying
neither is it beyond the sea that you should say who shall go over the sea for us and bring it to us and make us to hear it that we may do it
he who observes the day observes it to the lord and he who does not observe the day to the lord he does not observe it . he who eats eats to the lord for he gives god thanks . he who does n't eat to the lord he does n't eat and gives god thanks .
if someone ventures to talk with you will you be grieved but who can withhold himself from speaking
and the body of jezebel shall be as dung on the face of the field in the portion of jezreel so that they shall not say this is jezebel .
but the man who touches them must be armed with iron and the staff of a spear they shall be utterly burned with fire in their place
my son let them not depart from your eyes . keep sound wisdom and discretion
for he does not afflict willingly nor grieve the children of men .
to me the very least of all saints was this grace given to preach to the gentiles the unsearchable riches of christ
accept i beg you the willing offerings of my mouth . yahweh teach me your ordinances .
i make a decree that in all the dominion of my kingdom men tremble and fear before the god of daniel for he is the living god and steadfast forever his kingdom that which shall not be destroyed and his dominion shall be even to the end .
when she had brought them near to him to eat he took hold of her and said to her come lie with me my sister .
when he has made her drink the water then it shall happen if she is defiled and has committed a trespass against her husband that the water that causes the curse will enter into her and become bitter and her body will swell and her thigh will fall away and the woman will be a curse among her people .
now there were with us seven brothers . the first married and died and having no seed left his wife to his brother .
at the return of the year king nebuchadnezzar sent and brought him to babylon with the goodly vessels of the house of yahweh and made zedekiah his brother king over judah and jerusalem .
the anger of yahweh shall not return until he has executed and until he have performed the intents of his heart in the latter days you shall understand it perfectly .
most assuredly i tell you whatever things you will bind on earth will be have been bound in heaven and whatever things you will release on earth will have been released in heaven .
let the house of aaron now say that his loving kindness endures forever .
moses said to the judges of israel kill you everyone his men who have joined themselves to baal peor .
he has put in his heart that he may teach both he and oholiab the son of ahisamach of the tribe of dan .
because of this he must offer sacrifices for sins for the people as well as for himself .
why did the knees receive me or why the breast that i should suck
yes while i was speaking in prayer the man gabriel whom i had seen in the vision at the beginning being caused to fly swiftly touched me about the time of the evening offering .
let brotherly love continue .
they shall no more sacrifice their sacrifices to the goat idols after which they play the prostitute . this shall be a statute forever to them throughout their generations . '
who can bring a clean thing out of an unclean not one .
sorrowing most of all because of the word which he had spoken that they should see his face no more . and they accompanied him to the ship .
his division and those who were numbered of them were seventy - four thousand six hundred .
he said to me son of man see you what they do even the great abominations that the house of israel do commit here that i should go far off from my sanctuary but you shall again see yet other great abominations .
since the world began it has never been heard of that anyone opened the eyes of someone born blind .
moses said consecrate yourselves today to yahweh yes every man against his son and against his brother that he may bestow on you a blessing this day .
the watchman said the morning comes and also the night . if you will inquire inquire . come back again .
the sun to rule by day for his loving kindness endures forever
in that day says yahweh there will be the noise of a cry from the fish gate a wailing from the second quarter and a great crashing from the hills .
i will open rivers on the bare heights and springs in the midst of the valleys . i will make the wilderness a pool of water and the dry land springs of water .
i will remember yah 's deeds for i will remember your wonders of old .
now therefore know and consider what you will do for evil is determined against our master and against all his house for he is such a worthless fellow that one ca n't speak to him .
so jehu the son of jehoshaphat the son of nimshi conspired against joram . now joram was keeping ramoth gilead he and all israel because of hazael king of syria
for the ways of man are before the eyes of yahweh . he examines all his paths .
nevertheless they did n't depart from the sins of the house of jeroboam with which he made israel to sin but walked therein and there remained the asherah also in samaria .
then came jeremiah from topheth where yahweh had sent him to prophesy and he stood in the court of yahweh 's house and said to all the people
the children of benjamin did so and took them wives according to their number of those who danced whom they carried off and they went and returned to their inheritance and built the cities and lived in them .
on the fourth day ten bulls two rams fourteen male lambs a year old without blemish
he said to them lodge here this night and i will bring you word again as yahweh shall speak to me and the princes of moab abode with balaam .
you shall not oppress a hired servant who is poor and needy whether he be of your brothers or of your foreigners who are in your land within your gates
but he turning around and seeing his disciples rebuked peter and said get behind me satan for you have in mind not the things of god but the things of men .
but we ourselves will be ready armed to go before the children of israel until we have brought them to their place and our little ones shall dwell in the fortified cities because of the inhabitants of the land .
judah said to his brothers what profit is it if we kill our brother and conceal his blood
the jordan was the border of it on the east quarter . this was the inheritance of the children of benjamin by the borders of it round about according to their families .
for thus says yahweh of armies the god of israel houses and fields and vineyards shall yet again be bought in this land .
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old everyone who entered in to do the work of service and the work of bearing burdens in the tent of meeting
by this was god 's love revealed in us that god has sent his one and only son into the world that we might live through him .
and with you will i break in pieces the horse and his rider
he shall burn the garment whether the warp or the woof in wool or in linen or anything of skin in which the plague is for it is a destructive mildew . it shall be burned in the fire .
and the cloth that had been on his head not lying with the linen cloths but rolled up in a place by itself .
but when he saw many of the pharisees and sadducees coming for his baptism he said to them you offspring of vipers who warned you to flee from the wrath to come
he said to the disciples the days will come when you will desire to see one of the days of the son of man and you will not see it .
it was a sabbath when jesus made the mud and opened his eyes .
yahweh you have seen my wrong judge you my cause .
if a man lies with his uncle 's wife he has uncovered his uncle 's nakedness they shall bear their sin they shall die childless .
they grieved isaac 's and rebekah 's spirits .
now therefore my lord as yahweh lives and as your soul lives seeing yahweh has withheld you from blood guiltiness and from avenging yourself with your own hand now therefore let your enemies and those who seek evil to my lord be as nabal .
for you are the god of my strength . why have you rejected me why do i go mourning because of the oppression of the enemy
now the rest of the acts of ahab and all that he did and the ivory house which he built and all the cities that he built are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of israel
they brought him to him and when he saw him immediately the spirit convulsed him and he fell on the ground wallowing and foaming at the mouth .
truth springs out of the earth . righteousness has looked down from heaven .
he sent among them swarms of flies which devoured them and frogs which destroyed them .
now there were four leprous men at the entrance of the gate and they said one to another why sit we here until we die
he said come peter stepped down from the boat and walked on the waters to come to jesus .
now he who made us for this very thing is god who also gave to us the down payment of the spirit .
do n't give your strength to women nor your ways to that which destroys kings .
see yahweh for i am in distress my heart is troubled my heart is turned within me for i have grievously rebelled abroad the sword bereaves at home there is as death .
i will praise you lord my god with my whole heart . i will glorify your name forevermore .
the burden of babylon which isaiah the son of amoz saw
lest i strip her naked and make her bare as in the day that she was born and make her like a wilderness and set her like a dry land and kill her with thirst .
but he denied it before them all saying i do n't know what you are talking about .
foreigners will dwell in ashdod and i will cut off the pride of the philistines .
the first went and poured out his bowl into the earth and it became a harmful and evil sore on the people who had the mark of the beast and who worshiped his image .
he teaches my hands to war so that my arms bend a bow of bronze .
he shall bring the bull to the door of the tent of meeting before yahweh and he shall lay his hand on the head of the bull and kill the bull before yahweh .
let me sing for my well beloved a song of my beloved about his vineyard . my beloved had a vineyard on a very fruitful hill .
and out of the city he took an officer who was set over the men of war and seven men of those who saw the king 's face who were found in the city and the scribe of the captain of the army who mustered the people of the land and sixty men of the people of the land who were found in the midst of the city .
and will make an offering by fire to yahweh a burnt offering or a sacrifice to accomplish a vow or as a freewill offering or in your set feasts to make a sweet savor to yahweh of the herd or of the flock
in the same day both abraham and ishmael his son were circumcised .
now david went back and forth from saul to feed his father 's sheep at bethlehem .
now therefore if you will indeed obey my voice and keep my covenant then you shall be my own possession from among all peoples for all the earth is mine
neither have we obeyed the voice of yahweh our god to walk in his laws which he set before us by his servants the prophets .
may the high praises of god be in their mouths and a two - edged sword in their hand
saying do n't touch my anointed ones do my prophets no harm .
an honest answer is like a kiss on the lips .
great is yahweh and greatly to be praised in the city of our god in his holy mountain .
there was a great famine in samaria and behold they besieged it until a donkey 's head was sold for eighty pieces of silver and the fourth part of a kab of dove 's dung for five pieces of silver .
so i will sing praise to your name forever that i may fulfill my vows daily .
it will happen in that day that living waters will go out from jerusalem half of them toward the eastern sea and half of them toward the western sea in summer and in winter will it be .
if they be married to any of the sons of the other tribes of the children of israel then will their inheritance be taken away from the inheritance of our fathers and will be added to the inheritance of the tribe whereunto they shall belong so will it be taken away from the lot of our inheritance .
a foolish son is the calamity of his father . a wife 's quarrels are a continual dripping .
there went out a champion out of the camp of the philistines named goliath of gath whose height was six cubits and a span .
then i returned and saw all the oppressions that are done under the sun and behold the tears of those who were oppressed and they had no comforter and on the side of their oppressors there was power but they had no comforter .
now it happened on the third day that esther put on her royal clothing and stood in the inner court of the king 's house over against the king 's house and the king sat on his royal throne in the royal house over against the entrance of the house .
he took agag the king of the amalekites alive and utterly destroyed all the people with the edge of the sword .
they baked unleavened cakes of the dough which they brought forth out of egypt for it was n't leavened because they were thrust out of egypt and could n't wait neither had they prepared for themselves any food .
so david prevailed over the philistine with a sling and with a stone and struck the philistine and killed him but there was no sword in the hand of david .
therefore i tell you all things whatever you pray and ask for believe that you have received them and you shall have them .
you shall sell me food for money that i may eat and give me water for money that i may drink only let me pass through on my feet
and jehoiakim the king sent men into egypt namely elnathan the son of achbor and certain men with him into egypt
so naomi returned and ruth the moabitess her daughter - in - law with her who returned out of the country of moab and they came to bethlehem in the beginning of barley harvest .
having the same conflict which you saw in me and now hear is in me .
be careful that you do n't do your charitable giving before men to be seen by them or else you have no reward from your father who is in heaven .
jacob did so and fulfilled her week . he gave him rachel his daughter as wife .
lord i beg you let now your ear be attentive to the prayer of your servant and to the prayer of your servants who delight to fear your name and please prosper your servant this day and grant him mercy in the sight of this man . now i was cup bearer to the king .
on the next day he was determined to go out into galilee and he found philip . jesus said to him follow me .
jehoshaphat slept with his fathers and was buried with his fathers in the city of david his father jehoram his son reigned in his place .
seeing that you seek a proof of christ who speaks in me who toward you is not weak but is powerful in you .
abimelech fought against the city all that day and he took the city and killed the people who were therein and he beat down the city and sowed it with salt .
it shall be on aaron 's forehead and aaron shall bear the iniquity of the holy things which the children of israel shall make holy in all their holy gifts and it shall be always on his forehead that they may be accepted before yahweh .
and all their wealth . they took captive all their little ones and their wives and took as plunder everything that was in the house .
i tell you that he will avenge them quickly . nevertheless when the son of man comes will he find faith on the earth
in their streets they dress themselves in sackcloth . in their streets and on their housetops everyone wails weeping abundantly .
he works to the north but i ca n't see him he turns south but i ca n't catch a glimpse of him .
therefore the fathers shall eat the sons in the midst of you and the sons shall eat their fathers and i will execute judgments on you and the whole remnant of you will i scatter to all the winds .
for whoever will be ashamed of me and of my words of him will the son of man be ashamed when he comes in his glory and the glory of the father and of the holy angels .
blessed is the nation whose god is yahweh the people whom he has chosen for his own inheritance .
they cut their provender in the field . they glean the vineyard of the wicked .
but concerning the resurrection of the dead have n't you read that which was spoken to you by god saying
therefore they will carry away the abundance they have gotten and that which they have stored up over the brook of the willows .
that which the rest of the people gave was twenty thousand darics of gold and two thousand minas of silver and sixty - seven priests ' garments .
and we will take ten men of one hundred throughout all the tribes of israel and one hundred of one thousand and a thousand out of ten thousand to get food for the people that they may do when they come to gibeah of benjamin according to all the folly that they have worked in israel .
likewise when all the jews who were in moab and among the children of ammon and in edom and who were in all the countries heard that the king of babylon had left a remnant of judah and that he had set over them gedaliah the son of ahikam the son of shaphan
again assuredly i tell you that if two of you will agree on earth concerning anything that they will ask it will be done for them by my father who is in heaven .
it happened in the month nisan in the twentieth year of artaxerxes the king when wine was before him that i took up the wine and gave it to the king . now i had not been before sad in his presence .
a perverse heart will be far from me . i will have nothing to do with evil .
you shall not uncover the nakedness of your father 's sister she is your father 's near kinswoman .
he will say cast up cast up prepare the way take up the stumbling - block out of the way of my people .
he took food and was strengthened . saul stayed several days with the disciples who were at damascus .
but absalom pressed him and he let amnon and all the king 's sons go with him .
then went abimelech to thebez and encamped against thebez and took it .
the skillfully woven band that was on it with which to fasten it on was of the same piece like its work of gold of blue purple scarlet and fine twined linen as yahweh commanded moses .
all the saints greet you .
if it seem evil to you to serve yahweh choose you this day whom you will serve whether the gods which your fathers served that were beyond the river or the gods of the amorites in whose land you dwell but as for me and my house we will serve yahweh .
a certain man saw it and told joab and said behold i saw absalom hanging in an oak .
for i speak to you who are gentiles . since then as i am an apostle to gentiles i glorify my ministry
now at that time the king of babylon 's army was besieging jerusalem and jeremiah the prophet was shut up in the court of the guard which was in the king of judah 's house .
for a multitude of the people even many of ephraim and manasseh issachar and zebulun had not cleansed themselves yet did they eat the passover otherwise than it is written . for hezekiah had prayed for them saying the good yahweh pardon everyone
like as a woman with child who draws near the time of her delivery is in pain and cries out in her pangs so we have been before you yahweh .
for the son of man will come in the glory of his father with his angels and then he will render to everyone according to his deeds .
abimelech chased him and he fled before him and there fell many wounded even to the entrance of the gate .
when they were by the house of micah they knew the voice of the young man the levite and they turned aside there and said to him who brought you here and what do you in this place and what have you here
then said david will the men of keilah deliver up to me and my men into the hand of saul yahweh said they will deliver you up .
jethro rejoiced for all the goodness which yahweh had done to israel in that he had delivered them out of the hand of the egyptians .
therefore will i give their wives to others and their fields to those who shall possess them for everyone from the least even to the greatest is given to covetousness from the prophet even to the priest every one deals falsely .
thomas answered him my lord and my god
but in his own time revealed his word in the message with which i was entrusted according to the commandment of god our savior
then washed i you with water yes i thoroughly washed away your blood from you and i anointed you with oil .
the sluggard says there is a lion outside i will be killed in the streets
nebuchadnezzar king of babylon came to the city while his servants were besieging it
in the second year of joash son of joahaz king of israel began amaziah the son of joash king of judah to reign .
they have made it a desolation it mourns to me being desolate the whole land is made desolate because no man lays it to heart .
the finely worked garmentsthe holy garments for aaron the priestthe garments of his sons to minister in the priest 's office
it happened when they had eaten up the grain which they had brought out of egypt their father said to them go again buy us a little more food .
behold as your life was much set by this day in my eyes so let my life be much set by in the eyes of yahweh and let him deliver me out of all oppression .
see now that i even i am he there is no god with me i kill and i make alive i wound and i heal there is none who can deliver out of my hand .
but even in those days says yahweh i will not make a full end with you .
listen islands to me and listen you peoples from far yahweh has called me from the womb from the bowels of my mother has he made mention of my name
therefore i began to cause my heart to despair concerning all the labor in which i had labored under the sun .
in the thirty - eighth year of asa king of judah began ahab the son of omri to reign over israel and ahab the son of omri reigned over israel in samaria twenty - two years .
through you will we push down our adversaries . through your name will we tread them under who rise up against us .
then that which was spoken through jeremiah the prophet was fulfilled saying they took the thirty pieces of silver the price of him upon whom a price had been set whom some of the children of israel priced
edom shall become an astonishment everyone who passes by it shall be astonished and shall hiss at all the plagues of it .
but thanks be to god that whereas you were bondservants of sin you became obedient from the heart to that form of teaching whereunto you were delivered .
six years you shall sow your field and six years you shall prune your vineyard and gather in its fruits
it happened while they were greatly perplexed about this behold two men stood by them in dazzling clothing .
he sent hadoram his son to king david to greet him and to bless him because he had fought against hadarezer and struck him for hadarezer had wars with tou and he had with him all manner of vessels of gold and silver and brass .
we said to my lord the boy ca n't leave his father for if he should leave his father his father would die . '
do n't incline my heart to any evil thing to practice deeds of wickedness with men who work iniquity . do n't let me eat of their delicacies .
bear one another 's burdens and so fulfill the law of christ .
tell wisdom you are my sister . call understanding your relative
simon peter went up and drew the net to land full of great fish one hundred fifty - three and even though there were so many the net was n't torn .
your silver and your gold is mine your wives also and your children even the best are mine .
for none of us lives to himself and none dies to himself .
even those did cyrus king of persia bring forth by the hand of mithredath the treasurer and numbered them to sheshbazzar the prince of judah .
and you shall break down their altars and dash in pieces their pillars and burn their asherim with fire and you shall cut down the engraved images of their gods and you shall destroy their name out of that place .
and there were six steps to the throne with a footstool of gold which were fastened to the throne and stays on either side by the place of the seat and two lions standing beside the stays .
has he struck them as he struck those who struck them or are they killed like those who killed them were killed
but you god will bring them down into the pit of destruction . bloodthirsty and deceitful men shall not live out half their days but i will trust in you .
nob the city of the priests struck he with the edge of the sword both men and women children and nursing babies and oxen and donkeys and sheep with the edge of the sword .
you say also behold what a weariness it is ' and you have sniffed at it says yahweh of armies and you have brought that which was taken by violence the lame and the sick thus you bring the offering . should i accept this at your hand says yahweh .
then said jeremiah to them thus shall you tell zedekiah
he chooses our inheritance for us the glory of jacob whom he loved . selah .
having been reminded of the unfeigned faith that is in you which lived first in your grandmother lois and your mother eunice and i am persuaded in you also .
you shall tell them this is the nation that has not listened to the voice of yahweh their god nor received instruction truth is perished and is cut off from their mouth .
wisdom rests in the heart of one who has understanding and is even made known in the inward part of fools .
and he shall lay his hand on its head and kill it before the tent of meeting and the sons of aaron shall sprinkle its blood on the altar round about .
the second took her as wife and he died childless .
hide me from the conspiracy of the wicked from the noisy crowd of the ones doing evil
who gave him a charge over the earth or who has appointed him over the whole world
they shall live and to him shall be given of the gold of sheba . men shall pray for him continually . they shall bless him all day long .
who is this king of glory yahweh of armies he is the king of glory . selah .
you have despised my holy things and have profaned my sabbaths .
now you say go tell your lord behold elijah is here and he will kill me .
immediately he took soldiers and centurions and ran down to them . they when they saw the chief captain and the soldiers stopped beating paul .
the poles shall be in the rings of the ark . they shall not be taken from it .
i will surely hide my face in that day for all the evil which they shall have worked in that they are turned to other gods .
on an appointed day herod dressed himself in royal clothing sat on the throne and gave a speech to them .
ezra the priest brought the law before the assembly both men and women and all who could hear with understanding on the first day of the seventh month .
but when moses went in before yahweh to speak with him he took the veil off until he came out and he came out and spoke to the children of israel that which he was commanded .
for your servants take pleasure in her stones and have pity on her dust .
a fool shows his annoyance the same day but one who overlooks an insult is prudent .
my soul has observed your testimonies . i love them exceedingly .
you returned and wept before yahweh but yahweh did n't listen to your voice nor gave ear to you .
how much more will the blood of christ who through the eternal spirit offered himself without blemish to god cleanse your conscience from dead works to serve the living god
when they had mocked him they took the robe off of him and put his clothes on him and led him away to crucify him .
behold a king shall reign in righteousness and princes shall rule in justice .
i turned to see the voice that spoke with me . having turned i saw seven golden lampstands .
because they have forsaken me and have burned incense to other gods that they might provoke me to anger with all the works of their hands therefore is my wrath poured out on this place and it shall not be quenched .
for he will deliver you from the snare of the fowler and from the deadly pestilence .
nevertheless leave the stump of its roots in the earth even with a band of iron and brass in the tender grass of the field and let it be wet with the dew of the sky and let his portion be with the animals in the grass of the earth
in beatings in imprisonments in riots in labors in watchings in fastings
as babylon has caused the slain of israel to fall so at babylon shall fall the slain of all the land .
rehoboam went to shechem for all israel were come to shechem to make him king .
wo n't the uncircumcision which is by nature if it fulfills the law judge you who with the letter and circumcision are a transgressor of the law
isaiah said these things when he saw his glory and spoke of him .
he brought them to the border of his sanctuary to this mountain which his right hand had taken .
he made the boards for the tent twenty boards for the south side southward .
those who devise mischief in their hearts . they continually gather themselves together for war .
for the king 's word is supreme . who can say to him what are you doing
the disciples told him rabbi the jews were just trying to stone you and are you going there again
your adversaries have roared in the midst of your assembly . they have set up their standards as signs .
on this i awakened and saw and my sleep was sweet to me .
like cold water to a thirsty soul so is good news from a far country .
we know that god does n't listen to sinners but if anyone is a worshipper of god and does his will he listens to him .
yet was she carried away . she went into captivity . her young children also were dashed in pieces at the head of all the streets and they cast lots for her honorable men and all her great men were bound in chains .
the taskmasters of the people went out and their officers and they spoke to the people saying this is what pharaoh says i will not give you straw .
after him ibzan of bethlehem judged israel .
yahweh sent an angel who cut off all the mighty men of valor and the leaders and captains in the camp of the king of assyria . so he returned with shame of face to his own land . when he was come into the house of his god those who came forth from his own bowels killed him there with the sword .
as for me in the first year of darius the mede i stood up to confirm and strengthen him .
he shall dwell in that city until he stand before the congregation for judgment until the death of the high priest that shall be in those days then shall the manslayer return and come to his own city and to his own house to the city from whence he fled .
you shall not add to the word which i command you neither shall you diminish from it that you may keep the commandments of yahweh your god which i command you .
i will bless her and moreover i will give you a son by her . yes i will bless her and she will be a mother of nations . kings of peoples will come from her .
even the dust from your city that clings to us we wipe off against you . nevertheless know this that the kingdom of god has come near to you . '
you shall see it and your heart shall rejoice and your bones shall flourish like the tender grass and the hand of yahweh shall be known toward his servants and he will have indignation against his enemies .
moreover i will make you a desolation and a reproach among the nations that are round about you in the sight of all that pass by .
one golden ladle of ten shekels full of incense
however the high places were not taken away the people still sacrificed and burnt incense in the high places .
therefore thus says yahweh who redeemed abraham concerning the house of jacob jacob shall no longer be ashamed neither shall his face grow pale .
i speak by way of disparagement as though we had been weak . yet however any is bold i speak in foolishness i am bold also .
samuel took a sucking lamb and offered it for a whole burnt offering to yahweh and samuel cried to yahweh for israel and yahweh answered him .
of gold by weight for the vessels of gold for all vessels of every kind of service of silver for all the vessels of silver by weight for all vessels of every kind of service
i will betroth you to me forever . yes i will betroth you to me in righteousness in justice in loving kindness and in compassion .
ephraim surrounds me with falsehood and the house of israel with deceit . judah still strays from god and is unfaithful to the holy one .
therefore her young men shall fall in her streets and all the men of war shall be brought to silence in that day says yahweh of armies .
for we know that the whole creation groans and travails in pain together until now .
have mercy on me yahweh for i am faint . yahweh heal me for my bones are troubled .
if gilead is wicked surely they are worthless . in gilgal they sacrifice bulls . indeed their altars are like heaps in the furrows of the field .
but peter said to him may your silver perish with you because you thought you could obtain the gift of god with money
now it was in the heart of david my father to build a house for the name of yahweh the god of israel .
draw water for the siege . strengthen your fortresses . go into the clay and tread the mortar . make the brick kiln strong .
they called to lot and said to him where are the men who came in to you this night bring them out to us that we may have sex with them .
they asked him tell us by what authority do you do these things or who is giving you this authority
i am still confident of this i will see the goodness of yahweh in the land of the living .
this thing became a sin for the people went to worship before the one even to dan .
the doors of the side chambers were toward the place that was left one door toward the north and another door toward the south and the breadth of the place that was left was five cubits round about .
the king of assyria carried israel away to assyria and put them in halah and on the habor the river of gozan and in the cities of the medes
i thank my god whenever i remember you
i have put my words in your mouth and have covered you in the shadow of my hand that i may plant the heavens and lay the foundations of the earth and tell zion you are my people .
but to wear sandals and not put on two tunics .
he took it into his hands and went on eating as he went and he came to his father and mother and gave to them and they ate but he did n't tell them that he had taken the honey out of the body of the lion .
for you know the grace of our lord jesus christ that though he was rich yet for your sakes he became poor that you through his poverty might become rich .
as he was going out into the way one ran to him knelt before him and asked him good teacher what shall i do that i may inherit eternal life
the young man who told him said as i happened by chance on mount gilboa behold saul was leaning on his spear and behold the chariots and the horsemen followed hard after him .
drought and heat consume the snow waters so does sheol those who have sinned .
bel bows down nebo stoops their idols are on the animals and on the livestock the things that you carried about are made a load a burden to the weary animal .
joseph said to them what deed is this that you have done do n't you know that such a man as i can indeed divine
take the choice of the flock and also a pile of wood for the bones under the caldron make it boil well yes let the bones of it be boiled in the midst of it .
to the woman he said i will greatly multiply your pain in childbirth . in pain you will bring forth children . your desire will be for your husband and he will rule over you .
they shall build houses and inhabit them and they shall plant vineyards and eat the fruit of them .
he was there with yahweh forty days and forty nights he neither ate bread nor drank water . he wrote on the tablets the words of the covenant the ten commandments .
the day that you stood before yahweh your god in horeb when yahweh said to me assemble me the people and i will make them hear my words that they may learn to fear me all the days that they live on the earth and that they may teach their children .
since it is a righteous thing with god to repay affliction to those who afflict you
yet yahweh you know all their counsel against me to kill me do n't forgive their iniquity neither blot out their sin from your sight but let them be overthrown before you deal you with them in the time of your anger .
whose voice shook the earth then but now he has promised saying yet once more i will shake not only the earth but also the heavens .
not of works that no one would boast .
whom will he teach knowledge to whom will he explain the message those who are weaned from the milk and drawn from the breasts
and resen between nineveh and calah the same is the great city .
is this thing done by my lord the king and you have n't shown to your servants who should sit on the throne of my lord the king after him
therefore let him who speaks in another language pray that he may interpret .
it happened as he came near jericho a certain blind man sat by the road begging .
thus says yahweh to this people even so have they loved to wander they have not refrained their feet therefore yahweh does not accept them now he will remember their iniquity and visit their sins .
but when the chief priests and the scribes saw the wonderful things that he did and the children who were crying in the temple and saying hosanna to the son of david they were indignant
sarah my master 's wife bore a son to my master when she was old . he has given all that he has to him .
declare his glory among the nations his marvelous works among all the peoples .
wisdom is before the face of one who has understanding but the eyes of a fool wander to the ends of the earth .
now it happened in the days of ahasuerus this is ahasuerus who reigned from india even to ethiopia over one hundred twenty - seven provinces
who confirms the word of his servant and performs the counsel of his messengers who says of jerusalem she shall be inhabited and of the cities of judah they shall be built and i will raise up the waste places of it
this is the cause why joshua did circumcise all the people who came forth out of egypt who were males even all the men of war died in the wilderness by the way after they came forth out of egypt .
now therefore let your hands be strong and be you valiant for saul your lord is dead and also the house of judah have anointed me king over them .
the mouth of the righteous is a spring of life but violence covers the mouth of the wicked .
the ones who had been sent were from the pharisees .
for whatever is born of god overcomes the world . this is the victory that has overcome the world your faith .
the priest of jupiter whose temple was in front of their city brought oxen and garlands to the gates and would have made a sacrifice along with the multitudes .
when his disciples james and john saw this they said lord do you want us to command fire to come down from the sky and destroy them just as elijah did
he shall keep in order the lamps on the pure gold lampstand before yahweh continually .
does he thank that servant because he did the things that were commanded i think not .
who was faithful to him who appointed him as also was moses in all his house .
philip opened his mouth and beginning from this scripture preached to him jesus .
you offspring of vipers how can you being evil speak good things for out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaks .
his splendor is like the sunrise . rays shine from his hand , where his power is hidden .
someone told jacob , and said , behold , your son joseph comes to you , and israel strengthened himself , and sat on the bed .
for i will give you a mouth and wisdom which all your adversaries will not be able to withstand or to contradict .
if your brother , the son of your mother , or your son , or your daughter , or the wife of your bosom , or your friend , who is as your own soul , entice you secretly , saying , let us go and serve other gods , which you have not known , you , nor your fathers ;
when did we see you sick , or in prison , and come to you ? '
when she recognized peter 's voice , she did n't open the gate for joy , but ran in , and reported that peter was standing in front of the gate .
joshua said , hereby you shall know that the living god is among you , and that he will without fail drive out from before you the canaanite , and the hittite , and the hivite , and the perizzite , and the girgashite , and the amorite , and the jebusite .
but on the next day they left the horsemen to go with him , and returned to the barracks .
there shall be no yeast seen with you in all your borders seven days ; neither shall any of the flesh , which you sacrifice the first day at even , remain all night until the morning .
jesus said to him , today , salvation has come to this house , because he also is a son of abraham .
all the kings of the earth sought the presence of solomon , to hear his wisdom , which god had put in his heart .
yet a little while , and the world will see me no more ; but you will see me . because i live , you will live also .
and for the sacrifice of peace offerings , two oxen , five rams , five male goats , and five male lambs a year old . this was the offering of eliab the son of helon .
then they laid their hands on them , and they received the holy spirit .
the seven angels who had the seven trumpets prepared themselves to sound .
moses said to aaron , take your censer , and put fire therein from off the altar , and lay incense thereon , and carry it quickly to the congregation , and make atonement for them : for there is wrath gone out from yahweh ; the plague is begun .
the king said , let him turn to his own house , but let him not see my face . so absalom turned to his own house , and did n't see the king 's face .
but his face fell at that saying , and he went away sorrowful , for he was one who had great possessions .
surely you shall not come into the land , concerning which i swore that i would make you dwell therein , save caleb the son of jephunneh , and joshua the son of nun .
and when we cried to yahweh , he heard our voice , and sent an angel , and brought us forth out of egypt : and behold , we are in kadesh , a city in the uttermost of your border .
but there shall be no more gloom for her who was in anguish . in the former time , he brought into contempt the land of zebulun and the land of naphtali ; but in the latter time he has made it glorious , by the way of the sea , beyond the jordan , galilee of the nations .
for his eyes are on the ways of a man , he sees all his goings .
it happened that the beggar died , and that he was carried away by the angels to abraham 's bosom . the rich man also died , and was buried .
they , when they heard it , were glad , and promised to give him money . he sought how he might conveniently deliver him .
blessed shall you be in the city , and blessed shall you be in the field .
but the queen vashti refused to come at the king 's commandment by the chamberlains : therefore was the king very angry , and his anger burned in him .
so that i come again to my father 's house in peace , and yahweh will be my god ,
every male among the priests shall eat of it : it is most holy .
in this love has been made perfect among us , that we may have boldness in the day of judgment , because as he is , even so are we in this world .
who also made us sufficient as servants of a new covenant ; not of the letter , but of the spirit . for the letter kills , but the spirit gives life .
he shall not honor his father or mother . ' you have made the commandment of god void because of your tradition .
david did as god commanded him : and they struck the army of the philistines from gibeon even to gezer .
we , being jews by nature , and not gentile sinners ,
but if he shall make them null and void after that he has heard them , then he shall bear her iniquity .
according to the foreknowledge of god the father , in sanctification of the spirit , that you may obey jesus christ and be sprinkled in his blood : grace to you and peace be multiplied .
let your father and your mother be glad ! let her who bore you rejoice !
behold , this is the joy of his way : out of the earth shall others spring .
he does n't withdraw his eyes from the righteous , but with kings on the throne , he sets them forever , and they are exalted .
david abode in the wilderness in the strongholds , and remained in the hill country in the wilderness of ziph . saul sought him every day , but god did n't deliver him into his hand .
there were beams in three rows , and window was over against window in three ranks .
appoint for you three men of each tribe : and i will send them , and they shall arise , and walk through the land , and describe it according to their inheritance ; and they shall come to me .
the earth will stagger like a drunken man , and will sway back and forth like a hammock . its disobedience will be heavy on it , and it will fall and not rise again .
therefore seeing we have this ministry , even as we obtained mercy , we do n't faint .
they shall bring all your brothers out of all the nations for an offering to yahweh , on horses , and in chariots , and in litters , and on mules , and on dromedaries , to my holy mountain jerusalem , says yahweh , as the children of israel bring their offering in a clean vessel into the house of yahweh .
when the servant of the man of god was risen early , and gone forth , behold , an army with horses and chariots was round about the city . his servant said to him , alas , my master ! how shall we do ?
jesus said to him , because you have seen me , you have believed . blessed are those who have not seen , and have believed .
all vision has become to you like the words of a book that is sealed , which men deliver to one who is educated , saying , read this , please ; and he says , i ca n't , for it is sealed :
speak also to the children of israel , saying , most assuredly you shall keep my sabbaths : for it is a sign between me and you throughout your generations ; that you may know that i am yahweh who sanctifies you .
then king david sent , and fetched him out of the house of machir the son of ammiel , from lo debar .
unless those days had been shortened , no flesh would have been saved . but for the sake of the chosen ones , those days will be shortened .
also hosah , of the children of merari , had sons : shimri the chief , ( for though he was not the firstborn , yet his father made him chief ) ,
for the kingdom of god is not in word , but in power .
to the beloved apphia , to archippus , our fellow soldier , and to the assembly in your house :
and have cast their gods into the fire ; for they were no gods , but the work of men 's hands , wood and stone ; therefore they have destroyed them .
he made from one blood every nation of men to dwell on all the surface of the earth , having determined appointed seasons , and the boundaries of their dwellings ,
because they have forsaken me , and have burned incense to other gods , that they might provoke me to anger with all the work of their hands , therefore my wrath shall be kindled against this place , and it shall not be quenched .
mordecai told him of all that had happened to him , and the exact sum of the money that haman had promised to pay to the king 's treasuries for the jews , to destroy them .
all the presidents of the kingdom , the deputies and the satraps , the counselors and the governors , have consulted together to establish a royal statute , and to make a strong interdict , that whoever shall ask a petition of any god or man for thirty days , save of you , o king , he shall be cast into the den of lions .
yahweh god said , behold , the man has become like one of us , knowing good and evil . now , lest he put forth his hand , and also take of the tree of life , and eat , and live forever ...
and take double money in your hand , and take back the money that was returned in the mouth of your sacks . perhaps it was an oversight .
furthermore , my son , be admonished : of making many books there is no end ; and much study is a weariness of the flesh .
we inform the king that , if this city be built , and the walls finished , by this means you shall have no portion beyond the river .
but abishai the son of zeruiah helped him , and struck the philistine , and killed him . then the men of david swore to him , saying , you shall go no more out with us to battle , that you do n't quench the lamp of israel .
moab has been at ease from his youth , and he has settled on his lees , and has not been emptied from vessel to vessel , neither has he gone into captivity : therefore his taste remains in him , and his scent is not changed .
immediately all the multitude , when they saw him , were greatly amazed , and running to him greeted him .
all were weeping and mourning her , but he said , do n't weep . she is n't dead , but sleeping .
we are orphans and fatherless ; our mothers are as widows .
yahweh spoke to moses and to aaron , saying ,
gaal the son of ebed said , who is abimelech , and who is shechem , that we should serve him ? is n't he the son of jerubbaal ? and zebul his officer ? serve you the men of hamor the father of shechem : but why should we serve him ?
for herod feared john , knowing that he was a righteous and holy man , and kept him safe . when he heard him , he did many things , and he heard him gladly .
but they insisted , saying , he stirs up the people , teaching throughout all judea , beginning from galilee even to this place .
when evening came , he went out of the city .
she said to the king , it was a true report that i heard in my own land of your acts , and of your wisdom .
the multitude therefore that was with him when he called lazarus out of the tomb , and raised him from the dead , was testifying about it .
it grew great , even to the army of the sky ; and some of the army and of the stars it cast down to the ground , and trampled on them .
with great power , the apostles gave their testimony of the resurrection of the lord jesus . great grace was on them all .
according to the tenor of the law which they shall teach you , and according to the judgment which they shall tell you , you shall do ; you shall not turn aside from the sentence which they shall show you , to the right hand , nor to the left .
then you will understand righteousness and justice , equity and every good path .
the nations were angry , and your wrath came , as did the time for the dead to be judged , and to give your bondservants the prophets , their reward , as well as to the saints , and those who fear your name , to the small and the great ; and to destroy those who destroy the earth .
and ramoth with its suburbs , and anem with its suburbs ;
when he had come into the house , the blind men came to him . jesus said to them , do you believe that i am able to do this ? they told him , yes , lord .
but it happened that when sanballat heard that we were building the wall , he was angry , and took great indignation , and mocked the jews .
samson said to them , if you do after this manner , surely i will be avenged of you , and after that i will cease .
tax collectors also came to be baptized , and they said to him , teacher , what must we do ?
there assembled at jerusalem much people to keep the feast of unleavened bread in the second month , a very great assembly .
every creeping thing that creeps on the earth is an abomination . it shall not be eaten .
if he dedicates his field from the year of jubilee , according to your valuation it shall stand .
this is the offering of aaron and of his sons , which they shall offer to yahweh in the day when he is anointed : the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour for a meal offering perpetually , half of it in the morning , and half of it in the evening .
the high priest stood up , and said to him , have you no answer ? what is this that these testify against you ?
now when they heard this , they were cut to the heart , and said to peter and the rest of the apostles , brothers , what shall we do ?
woe to the wicked ! disaster is upon them ; for the deeds of his hands will be paid back to him .
one has committed abomination with his neighbor 's wife ; and another has lewdly defiled his daughter - in - law ; and another in you has humbled his sister , his father 's daughter .
oil for the light , spices for the anointing oil and for the sweet incense ,
moses charged the people the same day , saying ,
remember this , and show yourselves men ; bring it again to mind , you transgressors .
it was so , when midday was past , that they prophesied until the time of the offering of the evening offering ; but there was neither voice , nor any to answer , nor any who regarded .
the people murmured against moses , saying , what shall we drink ?
she said , no one , lord . jesus said , neither do i condemn you . go your way . from now on , sin no more .
it will happen afterward , that i will pour out my spirit on all flesh ; and your sons and your daughters will prophesy . your old men will dream dreams . your young men will see visions .
it was so , that as often as the king went into the house of yahweh , the guard bore them , and brought them back into the guard chamber .
let us fear therefore , lest perhaps a promise being left of entering into his rest , anyone of you should seem to have come short of it .
i will call for a sword against him to all my mountains , says the lord yahweh : every man 's sword shall be against his brother .
all the trees of the field shall know that i , yahweh , have brought down the high tree , have exalted the low tree , have dried up the green tree , and have made the dry tree to flourish ; i , yahweh , have spoken and have done it .
you have taken away all your wrath . you have turned from the fierceness of your anger .
when the chief baker saw that the interpretation was good , he said to joseph , i also was in my dream , and behold , three baskets of white bread were on my head .
therefore god also highly exalted him , and gave to him the name which is above every name ;
from the daughter of zion all her majesty is departed : her princes are become like harts that find no pasture , they are gone without strength before the pursuer .
grace to you and peace be multiplied in the knowledge of god and of jesus our lord ,
yahweh showed me four craftsmen .
he began to speak to them in parables . a man planted a vineyard , put a hedge around it , dug a pit for the winepress , built a tower , rented it out to a farmer , and went into another country .
the plans of the diligent surely lead to profit ; and everyone who is hasty surely rushes to poverty .
he answered him , unbelieving generation , how long shall i be with you ? how long shall i bear with you ? bring him to me .
but your little ones , that you said should be a prey , them will i bring in , and they shall know the land which you have rejected .
let these words sink into your ears , for the son of man will be delivered up into the hands of men .
when the almighty scattered kings in her , it snowed on zalmon .
he said to abram , know for sure that your seed will live as foreigners in a land that is not theirs , and will serve them . they will afflict them four hundred years .
whoever remains in him does n't sin . whoever sins has n't seen him , neither knows him .
therefore do n't be anxious for tomorrow , for tomorrow will be anxious for itself . each day 's own evil is sufficient .
now when i had returned , behold , on the bank of the river were very many trees on the one side and on the other .
asher did n't drive out the inhabitants of acco , nor the inhabitants of sidon , nor of ahlab , nor of achzib , nor of helbah , nor of aphik , nor of rehob ;
to cleanse the house he shall take two birds , and cedar wood , and scarlet , and hyssop .
you can catch a lizard with your hands , yet it is in kings ' palaces .
and the best seats in the synagogues , and the best places at feasts :
then david inquired of yahweh yet again . yahweh answered him , and said , arise , go down to keilah ; for i will deliver the philistines into your hand .
and thus the secrets of his heart are revealed . so he will fall down on his face and worship god , declaring that god is among you indeed .
and hukok with its suburbs , and rehob with its suburbs ;
he feeds on ashes ; a deceived heart has turned him aside ; and he ca n't deliver his soul , nor say , is there not a lie in my right hand ?
when he had said this , he showed them his hands and his feet .
he stayed yet another seven days , and sent forth the dove ; and she did n't return to him any more .
on the eighth day he sent the people away ; and they blessed the king , and went to their tents joyful and glad of heart for all the goodness that yahweh had shown to david his servant , and to israel his people .
hear another parable . there was a man who was a master of a household , who planted a vineyard , set a hedge about it , dug a winepress in it , built a tower , leased it out to farmers , and went into another country .
therefore i beg you to take some food , for this is for your safety ; for not a hair will perish from any of your heads .
even so ought husbands also to love their own wives as their own bodies . he who loves his own wife loves himself .
how weak is your heart , says the lord yahweh , seeing you do all these things , the work of an impudent prostitute ;
a man shall be satisfied with good by the fruit of his mouth . the work of a man 's hands shall be rewarded to him .
righteousness guards the way of integrity , but wickedness overthrows the sinner .
in the morning you shall say , would it were even ! and at even you shall say , would it were morning ! for the fear of your heart which you shall fear , and for the sight of your eyes which you shall see .
then they asked him , who is the man who said to you , take up your mat , and walk ' ?
for even in thessalonica you sent once and again to my need .
he who receives a prophet in the name of a prophet will receive a prophet 's reward : and he who receives a righteous man in the name of a righteous man will receive a righteous man 's reward .
then i will also walk contrary to you ; and i will strike you , even i , seven times for your sins .
his name shall be called in israel , the house of him who has his shoe untied .
if a man lies carnally with a woman who is a slave girl , pledged to be married to another man , and not ransomed , or given her freedom ; they shall be punished . they shall not be put to death , because she was not free .
in that day you will say , give thanks to yahweh ! call on his name . declare his doings among the peoples . proclaim that his name is exalted !
now the rest of the acts of jeroboam , and all that he did , and his might , how he warred , and how he recovered damascus , and hamath , which had belonged to judah , for israel , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of israel ?
he plots iniquity on his bed . he sets himself in a way that is not good ; he does n't abhor evil .
in that day i will raise up the tent of david who is fallen , and close up its breaches , and i will raise up its ruins , and i will build it as in the days of old ;
therefore you shall no more see false visions , nor practice divination . i will deliver my people out of your hand ; and you shall know that i am yahweh .
now absalom in his lifetime had taken and reared up for himself the pillar , which is in the king 's dale ; for he said , i have no son to keep my name in memory : and he called the pillar after his own name ; and it is called absalom 's monument , to this day .
the words of a gossip are like dainty morsels : they go down into a person 's innermost parts .
then the people of the land took jehoahaz the son of josiah , and made him king in his father 's place in jerusalem .
then will i pluck them up by the roots out of my land which i have given them ; and this house , which i have made holy for my name , will i cast out of my sight , and i will make it a proverb and a byword among all peoples .
for we did not follow cunningly devised fables , when we made known to you the power and coming of our lord jesus christ , but we were eyewitnesses of his majesty .
he said to him , son , you are always with me , and all that is mine is yours .
but god chose the foolish things of the world that he might put to shame those who are wise . god chose the weak things of the world , that he might put to shame the things that are strong ;
however , the son by the handmaid was born according to the flesh , but the son by the free woman was born through promise .
the crown of pride of the drunkards of ephraim will be trodden under foot .
now it fell on a day , that jonathan the son of saul said to the young man who bore his armor , come , and let us go over to the philistines ' garrison , that is on yonder side . but he did n't tell his father .
in the beginning god created the heavens and the earth .
they said to him , thus says hezekiah , this day is a day of trouble , and of rebuke , and of rejection ; for the children are come to the birth , and there is not strength to bring forth .
so moses wrote this song the same day , and taught it the children of israel .
going on from there , he saw two other brothers , james the son of zebedee , and john his brother , in the boat with zebedee their father , mending their nets . he called them .
how are the mighty fallen in the midst of the battle ! jonathan is slain on your high places .
the nazirite shall shave the head of his separation at the door of the tent of meeting , and shall take the hair of the head of his separation , and put it on the fire which is under the sacrifice of peace offerings .
in their sight shall you bear it on your shoulder , and carry it forth in the dark ; you shall cover your face , that you do n't see the land : for i have set you for a sign to the house of israel .
i love yahweh , because he listens to my voice , and my cries for mercy .
and they mourned , and wept , and fasted until even , for saul , and for jonathan his son , and for the people of yahweh , and for the house of israel ; because they were fallen by the sword .
he gave them into the hand of the nations . those who hated them ruled over them .
now the rest of the acts of manasseh , and all that he did , and his sin that he sinned , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of judah ?
adah gave birth to jabal , who was the father of those who dwell in tents and have livestock .
between the chambers was a breadth of twenty cubits round about the house on every side .
in that hour jesus said to the multitudes , have you come out as against a robber with swords and clubs to seize me ? i sat daily in the temple teaching , and you did n't arrest me .
huram continued , blessed be yahweh , the god of israel , that made heaven and earth , who has given to david the king a wise son , endowed with discretion and understanding , that should build a house for yahweh , and a house for his kingdom .
now the rest of the acts of josiah , and all that he did , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of judah ?
then came the word of yahweh to samuel , saying ,
let all things be done decently and in order .
the lords of the philistines came up to her , and said to her , entice him , and see in which his great strength lies , and by what means we may prevail against him , that we may bind him to afflict him : and we will each give you of us eleven hundred pieces of silver .
he followed her immediately , as an ox goes to the slaughter , as a fool stepping into a noose .
my soul shall boast in yahweh . the humble shall hear of it , and be glad .
then they said , what shall be the trespass offering which we shall return to him ? they said , five golden tumors , and five golden mice , according to the number of the lords of the philistines ; for one plague was on you all , and on your lords .
the same day did the king make the middle of the court holy that was before the house of yahweh ; for there he offered the burnt offering , and the meal offering , and the fat of the peace offerings , because the brazen altar that was before yahweh was too little to receive the burnt offering , and the meal offering , and the fat of the peace offerings .
arrogant speech is n't fitting for a fool , much less do lying lips fit a prince .
moreover he built cities in the hill country of judah , and in the forests he built castles and towers .
though he is fruitful among his brothers , an east wind will come , the breath of yahweh coming up from the wilderness ; and his spring will become dry , and his fountain will be dried up . he will plunder the storehouse of treasure .
as it is written , there is no one righteous . no , not one .
his malice may be concealed by deception , but his wickedness will be exposed in the assembly .
so they went up , and spied out the land from the wilderness of zin to rehob , to the entrance of hamath .
then let our faces be looked on before you , and the face of the youths who eat of the king 's dainties ; and as you see , deal with your servants .
yahweh is gracious , merciful , slow to anger , and of great loving kindness .
joseph arose from his sleep , and did as the angel of the lord commanded him , and took his wife to himself ;
all the days of his separation he shall eat nothing that is made of the grapevine , from the seeds even to the skins .
he made two golden rings for it under its molding crown , on its two ribs , on its two sides , for places for poles with which to carry it .
praise him , all his angels ! praise him , all his army !
was n't it told my lord what i did when jezebel killed the prophets of yahweh , how i hid one hundred men of yahweh 's prophets by fifty in a cave , and fed them with bread and water ?
in that same hour jesus rejoiced in the holy spirit , and said , i thank you , o father , lord of heaven and earth , that you have hidden these things from the wise and understanding , and revealed them to little children . yes , father , for so it was well - pleasing in your sight .
and the pattern of all that he had by the spirit , for the courts of the house of yahweh , and for all the surrounding rooms , for the treasuries of the house of god , and for the treasuries of the dedicated things ;
you shall roast and eat it in the place which yahweh your god shall choose : and you shall turn in the morning , and go to your tents .
they have seen falsehood and lying divination , who say , yahweh says ; but yahweh has not sent them : and they have made men to hope that the word would be confirmed .
yet i had planted you a noble vine , wholly a right seed : how then are you turned into the degenerate branches of a foreign vine to me ?
therefore judge nothing before the time , until the lord comes , who will both bring to light the hidden things of darkness , and reveal the counsels of the hearts . then each man will get his praise from god .
the heaved thigh and the waved breast they shall bring with the offerings made by fire of the fat , to wave it for a wave offering before yahweh : and it shall be yours , and your sons ' with you , as a portion forever ; as yahweh has commanded .
some also there were that said , we are mortgaging our fields , and our vineyards , and our houses : let us get grain , because of the dearth .
every man 's holy things shall be his : whatever any man gives the priest , it shall be his .
this also would be an iniquity to be punished by the judges ; for i should have denied the god who is above .
on the tenth day of this seventh month you shall have a holy convocation ; and you shall afflict your souls : you shall do no manner of work ;
a certain beggar , named lazarus , was laid at his gate , full of sores ,
jesus said to her , woman , what does that have to do with you and me ? my hour has not yet come .
for the children of israel shall abide many days without king , and without prince , and without sacrifice , and without sacred stone , and without ephod or idols .
the door for the middle side chambers was in the right side of the house : and they went up by winding stairs into the middle story , and out of the middle into the third .
now the chief priests and the pharisees had commanded that if anyone knew where he was , he should report it , that they might seize him .
when i wept and i fasted , that was to my reproach .
and said to them , you shall not bring in the captives here : for you purpose that which will bring on us a trespass against yahweh , to add to our sins and to our trespass ; for our trespass is great , and there is fierce wrath against israel .
if you shall say in your heart , these nations are more than i ; how can i dispossess them ?
they , having heard the king , went their way ; and behold , the star , which they saw in the east , went before them , until it came and stood over where the young child was .
praise yahweh ! sing to yahweh a new song , his praise in the assembly of the saints .
he said , if the syrians be too strong for me , then you shall help me ; but if the children of ammon be too strong for you , then i will help you .
though men be risen up to pursue you , and to seek your soul , yet the soul of my lord shall be bound in the bundle of life with yahweh your god ; and the souls of your enemies , them shall he sling out , as from the hollow of a sling .
for if i would desire to boast , i will not be foolish ; for i will speak the truth . but i refrain , so that no man may think more of me than that which he sees in me , or hears from me .
how much worse punishment , do you think , will he be judged worthy of , who has trodden under foot the son of god , and has counted the blood of the covenant with which he was sanctified an unholy thing , and has insulted the spirit of grace ?
all the oxen for the burnt offering twelve bulls , the rams twelve , the male lambs a year old twelve , and their meal offering ; and the male goats for a sin offering twelve ;
i know your works ( behold , i have set before you an open door , which no one can shut ) , that you have a little power , and kept my word , and did n't deny my name .
thus did moses : as yahweh commanded him , so did he .
they brought seven bulls , and seven rams , and seven lambs , and seven male goats , for a sin offering for the kingdom and for the sanctuary and for judah . he commanded the priests the sons of aaron to offer them on the altar of yahweh .
and it shall be with him , and he shall read therein all the days of his life ; that he may learn to fear yahweh his god , to keep all the words of this law and these statutes , to do them ;
but jesus said to him , leave the dead to bury their own dead , but you go and announce the kingdom of god .
they took the coat of many colors , and they brought it to their father , and said , we have found this . examine it , now , whether it is your son 's coat or not .
they scoff and speak with malice . in arrogance , they threaten oppression .
let those who seek after my soul be disappointed and brought to dishonor . let those who plot my ruin be turned back and confounded .
even now , behold , my witness is in heaven . he who vouches for me is on high .
i think it right , as long as i am in this tent , to stir you up by reminding you ;
for as the body apart from the spirit is dead , even so faith apart from works is dead .
then saul arose , and went down to the wilderness of ziph , having three thousand chosen men of israel with him , to seek david in the wilderness of ziph .
when she saw that she was steadfastly minded to go with her , she left off speaking to her .
for this ointment might have been sold for much , and given to the poor .
now , my god , let , i beg you , your eyes be open , and let your ears be attentive , to the prayer that is made in this place .
zedekiah was twenty - one years old when he began to reign ; and he reigned eleven years in jerusalem : and his mother 's name was hamutal the daughter of jeremiah of libnah .
the sun and moon stood still in the sky , at the light of your arrows as they went , at the shining of your glittering spear .
for you both had compassion on me in my chains , and joyfully accepted the plundering of your possessions , knowing that you have for yourselves a better possession and an enduring one in the heavens .
forty years old was i when moses the servant of yahweh sent me from kadesh barnea to spy out the land ; and i brought him word again as it was in my heart .
then our sons will be like well - nurtured plants , our daughters like pillars carved to adorn a palace .
he said to her , if they only bind me with new ropes with which no work has been done , then shall i become weak , and be as another man .
then he touched their eyes , saying , according to your faith be it done to you .
he took the people , and divided them into three companies , and laid wait in the field ; and he looked , and behold , the people came forth out of the city ; he rose up against them , and struck them .
so they went with the guard and made the tomb secure , sealing the stone .
but philip was found at azotus . passing through , he preached the good news to all the cities , until he came to caesarea .
for the far part of the tent westward you shall make six boards .
because it has been granted to you on behalf of christ , not only to believe in him , but also to suffer on his behalf ,
for when we were in the flesh , the sinful passions which were through the law , worked in our members to bring forth fruit to death .
this is the portion of a wicked man with god , the heritage of oppressors , which they receive from the almighty .
speak to the children of israel , and tell them , when you come into the land which i give you , then the land shall keep a sabbath to yahweh .
when the demon was cast out , the mute man spoke . the multitudes marveled , saying , nothing like this has ever been seen in israel !
he who rejects me , and does n't receive my sayings , has one who judges him . the word that i spoke , the same will judge him in the last day .
for then i will purify the lips of the peoples , that they may all call on the name of yahweh , to serve him shoulder to shoulder .
notwithstanding , no devoted thing , that a man shall devote to yahweh of all that he has , whether of man or animal , or of the field of his possession , shall be sold or redeemed : every devoted thing is most holy to yahweh .
therefore tell the house of israel , thus says the lord yahweh : i do n't do this for your sake , house of israel , but for my holy name , which you have profaned among the nations , where you went .
the rain came down , the floods came , and the winds blew , and beat on that house ; and it did n't fall , for it was founded on the rock .
and one loaf of bread , one cake of oiled bread , and one wafer out of the basket of unleavened bread that is before yahweh .
moses and eleazar the priest did as yahweh commanded moses .
therefore will i save my flock , and they shall no more be a prey ; and i will judge between sheep and sheep .
he shall kill the male lamb in the place where they kill the sin offering and the burnt offering , in the place of the sanctuary ; for as the sin offering is the priest 's , so is the trespass offering . it is most holy .
and the lamp of god had n't yet gone out , and samuel had laid down to sleep , in the temple of yahweh , where the ark of god was ;
the world ca n't hate you , but it hates me , because i testify about it , that its works are evil .
abram moved his tent , and came and lived by the oaks of mamre , which are in hebron , and built an altar there to yahweh .
joshua took makkedah on that day , and struck it with the edge of the sword , and the king of it : he utterly destroyed them and all the souls who were therein ; he left none remaining ; and he did to the king of makkedah as he had done to the king of jericho .
elkanah her husband said to her , hannah , why weep you ? and why do n't you eat ? and why is your heart grieved ? am i not better to you than ten sons ?
but if you will go , do valiantly , be strong for the battle : god will cast you down before the enemy ; for god has power to help , and to cast down .
let my lips utter praise , for you teach me your statutes .
their horses also are swifter than leopards , and are more fierce than the evening wolves . their horsemen press proudly on . yes , their horsemen come from afar . they fly as an eagle that hurries to devour .
therefore the anger of yahweh was kindled against this land , to bring on it all the curse that is written in this book ;
and tell them , thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel : behold , i will send and take nebuchadnezzar the king of babylon , my servant , and will set his throne on these stones that i have hidden ; and he shall spread his royal pavilion over them .
all the nations are like nothing before him . they are regarded by him as less than nothing , and vanity .
moses and aaron and the princes of the congregation numbered the sons of the kohathites by their families , and by their fathers ' houses ,
he was teaching in one of the synagogues on the sabbath day .
he gives great deliverance to his king , and shows loving kindness to his anointed , to david and to his seed , forevermore .
they watched him , and sent out spies , who pretended to be righteous , that they might trap him in something he said , so as to deliver him up to the power and authority of the governor .
the bones of joseph , which the children of israel brought up out of egypt , buried they in shechem , in the parcel of ground which jacob bought of the sons of hamor the father of shechem for a hundred pieces of money : and they became the inheritance of the children of joseph .
for you are a holy people to yahweh your god : yahweh your god has chosen you to be a people for his own possession , above all peoples who are on the face of the earth .
but god is the judge . he puts down one , and lifts up another .
after this , abraham buried sarah his wife in the cave of the field of machpelah before mamre ( that is , hebron ) , in the land of canaan .
do n't let riches entice you to wrath , neither let the great size of a bribe turn you aside .
they ate , and were filled . they took up seven baskets of broken pieces that were left over .
therefore i consider all of your precepts to be right . i hate every false way . pey
now brace yourself like a man . i will question you , and you will answer me .
my soul is weary of my life ; i will give free course to my complaint . i will speak in the bitterness of my soul .
in that day you will ask in my name ; and i do n't say to you , that i will pray to the father for you ,
then the congregation shall judge between the striker and the avenger of blood according to these ordinances ;
for now we live , if you stand fast in the lord .
it shall be square and folded double ; a span shall be its length of it , and a span its breadth .
but where shall wisdom be found ? where is the place of understanding ?
because of the chaldeans ; for they were afraid of them , because ishmael the son of nethaniah had killed gedaliah the son of ahikam , whom the king of babylon made governor over the land .
though i am righteous , my own mouth shall condemn me . though i am blameless , it shall prove me perverse .
for in your eating each one takes his own supper first . one is hungry , and another is drunken .
then he brought me back by the way of the outer gate of the sanctuary , which looks toward the east ; and it was shut .
do n't rejoice , o philistia , all of you , because the rod that struck you is broken ; for out of the serpent 's root an adder will emerge , and his fruit will be a fiery flying serpent .
he settled his gaze steadfastly on him , until he was ashamed : and the man of god wept .
their eyes were opened . jesus strictly charged them , saying , see that no one knows about this .
now i beg you , brothers , by our lord jesus christ , and by the love of the spirit , that you strive together with me in your prayers to god for me ,
you shall not be scared of them ; for yahweh your god is in the midst of you , a great and awesome god .
he is yahweh , our god . his judgments are in all the earth .
these uncovered her nakedness ; they took her sons and her daughters ; and her they killed with the sword : and she became a byword among women ; for they executed judgments on her .
how long shall i take counsel in my soul , having sorrow in my heart every day ? how long shall my enemy triumph over me ?
as it is taken off of the ox of the sacrifice of peace offerings . the priest shall burn them on the altar of burnt offering .
thus said yahweh : go down to the house of the king of judah , and speak there this word ,
you shall also make a basin of brass , and the base of it of brass , in which to wash . you shall put it between the tent of meeting and the altar , and you shall put water in it .
then i went on to the spring gate and to the king 's pool : but there was no place for the animal that was under me to pass .
david said , as yahweh lives , yahweh will strike him ; or his day shall come to die ; or he shall go down into battle and perish .
now the rest of the acts of rehoboam , and all that he did , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of judah ?
i will for this afflict the seed of david , but not forever .
nor filthiness , nor foolish talking , nor jesting , which are not appropriate ; but rather giving of thanks .
he who gives answer before he hears , that is folly and shame to him .
every garment , and every skin , whereon the semen is , shall be washed with water , and be unclean until the evening .
in the multitude of words there is no lack of disobedience , but he who restrains his lips does wisely .
he said to them , an enemy has done this . ' the servants asked him , do you want us to go and gather them up ? '
all the cities of the children of aaron , the priests , were thirteen cities with their suburbs .
he has made the earth by his power , he has established the world by his wisdom , and by his understanding has he stretched out the heavens :
do n't be afraid of the king of babylon , of whom you are afraid ; do n't be afraid of him , says yahweh : for i am with you to save you , and to deliver you from his hand .
you shall do no manner of work : it is a statute forever throughout your generations in all your dwellings .
they are of the world . therefore they speak of the world , and the world hears them .
i will cut off all the horns of the wicked , but the horns of the righteous shall be lifted up .
thus says yahweh of armies : i am jealous for zion with great jealousy , and i am jealous for her with great wrath .
and i will give you the treasures of darkness , and hidden riches of secret places , that you may know that it is i , yahweh , who call you by your name , even the god of israel .
the testimony is this , that god gave to us eternal life , and this life is in his son .
for this is even from israel ! the workman made it , and it is no god ; indeed , the calf of samaria shall be broken in pieces .
for there are many words that create vanity . what does that profit man ?
blessed be yahweh your god , who delighted in you , to set you on his throne , to be king for yahweh your god : because your god loved israel , to establish them forever , therefore made he you king over them , to do justice and righteousness .
why cry you for your hurt ? your pain is incurable : for the greatness of your iniquity , because your sins were increased , i have done these things to you .
is not this david , of whom they sang one to another in dances , saying , saul has slain his thousands , david his ten thousands ?
he looks at the earth , and it trembles . he touches the mountains , and they smoke .
now it happened in the seventh month , that ishmael the son of nethaniah , the son of elishama , of the seed royal and one of the chief officers of the king , and ten men with him , came to gedaliah the son of ahikam to mizpah ; and there they ate bread together in mizpah .
lift up your eyes round about , and see : they all gather themselves together , they come to you ; your sons shall come from far , and your daughters shall be carried in the arms .
the leper in whom the plague is shall wear torn clothes , and the hair of his head shall hang loose . he shall cover his upper lip , and shall cry , unclean ! unclean ! '
thus did moses , and aaron , and all the congregation of the children of israel , to the levites . according to all that yahweh commanded moses concerning the levites , so the children of israel did to them .
whose confidence shall break apart , whose trust is a spider 's web .
when he had destroyed seven nations in the land of canaan , he gave them their land for an inheritance , for about four hundred fifty years .
behold , this day your eyes have seen how that yahweh had delivered you today into my hand in the cave : and some bade me kill you ; but my eye spared you ; and i said , i will not put forth my hand against my lord ; for he is yahweh 's anointed .
and to have authority to heal sicknesses and to cast out demons :
also we made ordinances for us , to charge ourselves yearly with the third part of a shekel for the service of the house of our god ;
paul went down , and fell upon him , and embracing him said , do n't be troubled , for his life is in him .
i asked him the second time , what are these two olive branches , which are beside the two golden spouts , that pour the golden oil out of themselves ?
yes , he loads the thick cloud with moisture . he spreads abroad the cloud of his lightning .
when some of both the gentiles and the jews , with their rulers , made a violent attempt to mistreat and stone them ,
but if they will not pass over with you armed , they shall have possessions among you in the land of canaan .
therefore thus says yahweh concerning the prophets who prophesy in my name , and i did n't send them , yet they say , sword and famine shall not be in this land : by sword and famine shall those prophets be consumed .
he who loves purity of heart and speaks gracefully is the king 's friend .
he shall enter also into the glorious land , and many countries shall be overthrown ; but these shall be delivered out of his hand : edom , and moab , and the chief of the children of ammon .
but as for me , this secret is not revealed to me for any wisdom that i have more than any living , but to the intent that the interpretation may be made known to the king , and that you may know the thoughts of your heart .
so i bought a belt according to the word of yahweh , and put it on my waist .
moreover yahweh said to me in the days of josiah the king , have you seen that which backsliding israel has done ? she is gone up on every high mountain and under every green tree , and there has played the prostitute .
for god knows that in the day you eat it , your eyes will be opened , and you will be like god , knowing good and evil .
for whom he foreknew , he also predestined to be conformed to the image of his son , that he might be the firstborn among many brothers .
also thus said the king , blessed be yahweh , the god of israel , who has given one to sit on my throne this day , my eyes even seeing it .
furthermore you have sent for men who come from far , to whom a messenger was sent , and behold , they came ; for whom you did wash yourself , paint your eyes , and deck yourself with ornaments ,
tell them , as i live , says yahweh , surely as you have spoken in my ears , so will i do to you :
but now i am going to him who sent me , and none of you asks me , where are you going ? '
all the people answered together , and said , all that yahweh has spoken we will do . moses reported the words of the people to yahweh .
then the king of israel called all the elders of the land , and said , please notice how this man seeks mischief : for he sent to me for my wives , and for my children , and for my silver , and for my gold ; and i did n't deny him .
when the morning stars sang together , and all the sons of god shouted for joy ?
therefore their inhabitants had little power . they were dismayed and confounded . they were like the grass of the field , and like the green herb , like the grass on the housetops , and like a field before its crop has grown .
dominion and fear are with him ; he makes peace in his high places .
abijah joined battle with an army of valiant men of war , even four hundred thousand chosen men : and jeroboam set the battle in array against him with eight hundred thousand chosen men , who were mighty men of valor .
and you detest them . you shall not eat of their flesh , and you shall detest their carcasses .
so david gave to ornan for the place six hundred shekels of gold by weight .
remember your word to your servant , because you gave me hope .
saying , i will declare your name to my brothers . in the midst of the congregation i will sing your praise .
and the priest shall burn them on the altar for an offering made by fire to yahweh : it is a trespass offering .
you , son of man , prophesy to the mountains of israel , and say , you mountains of israel , hear the word of yahweh .
i struck you with blight and mildew many times in your gardens and your vineyards ; and your fig trees and your olive trees have the swarming locust devoured : yet you have n't returned to me , says yahweh .
then those who feared yahweh spoke one with another ; and yahweh listened , and heard , and a book of memory was written before him , for those who feared yahweh , and who honored his name .
come up to me , and help me , and let us strike gibeon ; for it has made peace with joshua and with the children of israel .
he put garrisons in edom ; and all the edomites became servants to david . yahweh gave victory to david wherever he went .
ten fat oxen , and twenty oxen out of the pastures , and one hundred sheep , besides harts , and gazelles , and roebucks , and fattened fowl .
but when he was forty years old , it came into his heart to visit his brothers , the children of israel .
and he said , yahweh , the god of israel , there is no god like you , in heaven above , or on earth beneath ; who keep covenant and loving kindness with your servants , who walk before you with all their heart ;
you shall not glean your vineyard , neither shall you gather the fallen grapes of your vineyard ; you shall leave them for the poor and for the foreigner . i am yahweh your god .
they shall keep your charge , and the charge of all the tent : only they shall not come near to the vessels of the sanctuary and to the altar , that they not die , neither they , nor you .
the house , that is , the temple before the oracle , was forty cubits long .
or do n't you know that all we who were baptized into christ jesus were baptized into his death ?
the king said , where is your master 's son ? ziba said to the king , behold , he abides at jerusalem ; for he said , today will the house of israel restore me the kingdom of my father .
the burning sand will become a pool , and the thirsty ground springs of water . grass with reeds and rushes will be in the habitation of jackals , where they lay .
greet one another with a holy kiss . the assemblies of christ greet you .
also maacah his mother he removed from being queen , because she had made an abominable image for an asherah ; and asa cut down her image , and burnt it at the brook kidron .
yahweh said to moses , do n't fear him : for i have delivered him into your hand , and all his people , and his land ; and you shall do to him as you did to sihon king of the amorites , who lived at heshbon .
jesus said to him , you have said it . nevertheless , i tell you , henceforth you will see the son of man sitting at the right hand of power , and coming on the clouds of the sky .
nadab the son of jeroboam began to reign over israel in the second year of asa king of judah ; and he reigned over israel two years .
but you do see trouble and grief ; you consider it to take it into your hand . you help the victim and the fatherless .
most assuredly i tell you , among those who are born of women there has not arisen anyone greater than john the baptizer ; yet he who is least in the kingdom of heaven is greater than he .
if the scourge kills suddenly , he will mock at the trial of the innocent .
you shall teach them your children , talking of them , when you sit in your house , and when you walk by the way , and when you lie down , and when you rise up .
let favor be shown to the wicked , yet he will not learn righteousness . in the land of uprightness he will deal wrongfully , and will not see yahweh 's majesty .
nabal answered david 's servants , and said , who is david ? and who is the son of jesse ? there are many servants who break away from their masters these days .
you were made alive when you were dead in transgressions and sins ,
the screen for the gate of the court was the work of the embroiderer , of blue , purple , scarlet , and fine twined linen . twenty cubits was the length , and the height in the breadth was five cubits , like to the hangings of the court .
moses said , the people , among whom i am , are six hundred thousand footmen ; and you have said , i will give them flesh , that they may eat a whole month .
it will be like when the harvester gathers the wheat , and his arm reaps the grain . yes , it will be like when one gleans grain in the valley of rephaim .
then the commanding officer came near , arrested him , commanded him to be bound with two chains , and inquired who he was and what he had done .
it happened , when ben hadad heard this message , as he was drinking , he and the kings , in the pavilions , that he said to his servants , set yourselves in array . they set themselves in array against the city .
so am i made to possess months of misery , wearisome nights are appointed to me .
with whom was he displeased forty years ? was n't it with those who sinned , whose bodies fell in the wilderness ?
it happened after these things , that god tested abraham , and said to him , abraham ! he said , here i am .
yahweh spoke to aaron , saying ,
there is a league between me and you , between my father and your father : behold , i have sent to you a present of silver and gold ; go , break your league with baasha king of israel , that he may depart from me .
the wicked are not so , but are like the chaff which the wind drives away .
for when a few years are come , i shall go the way from whence i shall not return .
therefore tell the children of israel , i am yahweh , and i will bring you out from under the burdens of the egyptians , and i will rid you out of their bondage , and i will redeem you with an outstretched arm , and with great judgments :
yahweh answered his people , behold , i will send you grain , new wine , and oil , and you will be satisfied with them ; and i will no more make you a reproach among the nations .
they are amazed . they answer no more . they do n't have a word to say .
for i did n't shrink from declaring to you the whole counsel of god .
on the other side of the jordan , of the reubenites , and the gadites , and of the half - tribe of manasseh , with all manner of instruments of war for the battle , one hundred twenty thousand .
you husbands , in like manner , live with your wives according to knowledge , giving honor to the woman , as to the weaker vessel , as being also joint heirs of the grace of life ; that your prayers may not be hindered .
and certain women who had been healed of evil spirits and infirmities : mary who was called magdalene , from whom seven demons had gone out ;
so that they shall take no wood out of the field , neither cut down any out of the forests ; for they shall make fires of the weapons ; and they shall plunder those who plundered them , and rob those who robbed them , says the lord yahweh .
and did n't inquire of yahweh : therefore he killed him , and turned the kingdom to david the son of jesse .
for this cause i also , having heard of the faith in the lord jesus which is among you , and the love which you have toward all the saints ,
by faith , he left egypt , not fearing the wrath of the king ; for he endured , as seeing him who is invisible .
but i am afraid that somehow , as the serpent deceived eve in his craftiness , so your minds might be corrupted from the simplicity that is in christ .
thus noah did . according to all that god commanded him , so he did .
he said to him the third time , simon , son of jonah , do you have affection for me ? peter was grieved because he asked him the third time , do you have affection for me ? he said to him , lord , you know everything . you know that i have affection for you . jesus said to him , feed my sheep .
behold , is n't it of yahweh of armies that the peoples labor for the fire , and the nations weary themselves for vanity ?
but if they say thus , come up to us ; then we will go up ; for yahweh has delivered them into our hand : and this shall be the sign to us .
and that all this assembly may know that yahweh does n't save with sword and spear : for the battle is yahweh 's , and he will give you into our hand .
suddenly there came from the sky a sound like the rushing of a mighty wind , and it filled all the house where they were sitting .
in the nine and thirtieth year of azariah king of judah began menahem the son of gadi to reign over israel , and reigned ten years in samaria .
you shall keep the charge of the sanctuary , and the charge of the altar ; that there be wrath no more on the children of israel .
these three were the sons of noah , and from these , the whole earth was populated .
not stealing , but showing all good fidelity ; that they may adorn the doctrine of god , our savior , in all things .
now she is in the streets , now in the squares , and lurking at every corner .
you shall chase your enemies , and they shall fall before you by the sword .
joshua defeated amalek and his people with the edge of the sword .
come now , you rich , weep and howl for your miseries that are coming on you .
then he said , i have sinned : yet honor me now , please , before the elders of my people , and before israel , and turn again with me , that i may worship yahweh your god .
as the gentiles heard this , they were glad , and glorified the word of god . as many as were appointed to eternal life believed .
all the people went over the jordan , and the king went over : and the king kissed barzillai , and blessed him ; and he returned to his own place .
but as for me , my prayer is to you , yahweh , in an acceptable time . god , in the abundance of your loving kindness , answer me in the truth of your salvation .
and he came even before the king 's gate : for none might enter within the king 's gate clothed with sackcloth .
jesus said to them , my food is to do the will of him who sent me , and to accomplish his work .
even as it is written , jacob i loved , but esau i hated .
behold , i give of the synagogue of satan , of those who say they are jews , and they are not , but lie . behold , i will make them to come and worship before your feet , and to know that i have loved you .
then the king held out to esther the golden scepter . so esther arose , and stood before the king .
joshua set up twelve stones in the midst of the jordan , in the place where the feet of the priests who bore the ark of the covenant stood : and they are there to this day .
god is faithful , through whom you were called into the fellowship of his son , jesus christ , our lord .
yahweh said to moses , write this for a memorial in a book , and rehearse it in the ears of joshua : that i will utterly blot out the memory of amalek from under the sky .
but he said , then bring meal . he cast it into the pot ; and he said , pour out for the people , that they may eat . there was no harm in the pot .
the merchants of these things , who were made rich by her , will stand far away for the fear of her torment , weeping and mourning ;
for in the multitude of dreams there are vanities , as well as in many words : but you must fear god .
when the wine ran out , jesus ' mother said to him , they have no wine .
we looked for peace , but no good came ; and for a time of healing , and behold , dismay !
but the fig tree said to them , should i leave my sweetness , and my good fruit , and go to wave back and forth over the trees ?
i declared my ways , and you answered me . teach me your statutes .
if one person sins unwittingly , then he shall offer a female goat a year old for a sin offering .
has not the same hezekiah taken away his high places and his altars , and commanded judah and jerusalem , saying , you shall worship before one altar , and on it shall you burn incense ?
for most assuredly , not to angels does he give help , but he gives help to the seed of abraham .
there were eight boards , and their sockets of silver , sixteen sockets ; under every board two sockets .
on the ninth day of the fourth month the famine was sore in the city , so that there was no bread for the people of the land .
but jesus knowing in himself that his disciples murmured at this , said to them , does this cause you to stumble ?
yahweh will do to them as he did to sihon and to og , the kings of the amorites , and to their land ; whom he destroyed .
rehoboam loved maacah the daughter of absalom above all his wives and his concubines : ( for he took eighteen wives , and sixty concubines , and became the father of twenty - eight sons and sixty daughters . )
declare you in judah , and publish in jerusalem ; and say , blow you the trumpet in the land : cry aloud and say , assemble yourselves , and let us go into the fortified cities .
there you shall serve gods , the work of men 's hands , wood and stone , which neither see , nor hear , nor eat , nor smell .
now the hand of yahweh had been on me in the evening , before he who was escaped came ; and he had opened my mouth , until he came to me in the morning ; and my mouth was opened , and i was no more mute .
david danced before yahweh with all his might ; and david was girded with a linen ephod .
make a joyful noise to yahweh , all the earth ! burst out and sing for joy , yes , sing praises !
the voice of one crying in the wilderness , make ready the way of the lord ! make his paths straight ! '
but i have told you these things , so that when the time comes , you may remember that i told you about them . i did n't tell you these things from the beginning , because i was with you .
i will visit on her the days of the baals , to which she burned incense , when she decked herself with her earrings and her jewels , and went after her lovers , and forgot me , says yahweh .
the philistines followed hard after saul and after his sons ; and the philistines killed jonathan , and abinadab , and malchishua , the sons of saul .
for the teraphim have spoken vanity , and the diviners have seen a lie ; and they have told false dreams . they comfort in vain . therefore they go their way like sheep . they are oppressed , because there is no shepherd .
then said david , o yahweh , the god of israel , your servant has surely heard that saul seeks to come to keilah , to destroy the city for my sake .
why have you made us to come up out of egypt , to bring us in to this evil place ? it is no place of seed , or of figs , or of vines , or of pomegranates ; neither is there any water to drink .
behold , how they reward us , to come to cast us out of your possession , which you have given us to inherit .
and they took him , and threw him into the pit . the pit was empty . there was no water in it .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
let us therefore , as many as are perfect , think this way . if in anything you think otherwise , god will also reveal that to you .
you shall say before yahweh your god , i have put away the holy things out of my house , and also have given them to the levite , and to the foreigner , to the fatherless , and to the widow , according to all your commandment which you have commanded me : i have not transgressed any of your commandments , neither have i forgotten them :
if he offers a lamb for his offering , then he shall offer it before yahweh ;
and the lampstands with their lamps , to burn according to the ordinance before the oracle , of pure gold ;
therefore will i do to the house which is called by my name , in which you trust , and to the place which i gave to you and to your fathers , as i did to shiloh .
now the serpent was more subtle than any animal of the field which yahweh god had made . he said to the woman , has god really said , you shall not eat of any tree of the garden ? '
now about that time , herod the king stretched out his hands to oppress some of the assembly .
if there arise a matter too hard for you in judgment , between blood and blood , between plea and plea , and between stroke and stroke , being matters of controversy within your gates ; then shall you arise , and go up to the place which yahweh your god shall choose ;
at the evening offering i arose up from my humiliation , even with my garment and my robe torn ; and i fell on my knees , and spread out my hands to yahweh my god ;
for i could wish that i myself were accursed from christ for my brothers ' sake , my relatives according to the flesh ,
he even tried to profane the temple , and we arrested him .
that joshua called for all israel , for their elders and for their heads , and for their judges and for their officers , and said to them , i am old and well stricken in years :
remember those who are in bonds , as bound with them ; and those who are ill - treated , since you are also in the body .
then whoever hears the sound of the trumpet , and does n't take warning , if the sword come , and take him away , his blood shall be on his own head .
the nations shall see your righteousness , and all kings your glory , and you shall be called by a new name , which the mouth of yahweh shall name .
in that day they will come to you from assyria and the cities of egypt , and from egypt even to the river , and from sea to sea , and mountain to mountain .
when he heard that jesus had come out of judea into galilee , he went to him , and begged him that he would come down and heal his son , for he was at the point of death .
the four angels were freed who had been prepared for that hour and day and month and year , so that they might kill one third of mankind .
there are also workmen with you in abundance , cutters and workers of stone and timber , and all kinds of men who are skillful in every kind of work :
and the border shall go down from shepham to riblah , on the east side of ain ; and the border shall go down , and shall reach to the side of the sea of chinnereth eastward ;
you turn things upside down ! should the potter be thought to be like clay ; that the thing made should say about him who made it , he did n't make me ; or the thing formed say of him who formed it , he has no understanding ?
but it was you , a man like me , my companion , and my familiar friend .
they struck all the cities round about gerar ; for the fear of yahweh came on them : and they despoiled all the cities ; for there was much spoil in them .
the name of the third river is hiddekel : this is the one which flows in front of assyria . the fourth river is the euphrates .
at meal time boaz said to her , come here , and eat of the bread , and dip your morsel in the vinegar . she sat beside the reapers , and they reached her parched grain , and she ate , and was sufficed , and left of it .
oh that the salvation of israel would come out of zion ! when yahweh restores the fortunes of his people , then jacob shall rejoice , and israel shall be glad .
a capital of brass was on it ; and the height of the one capital was five cubits , with network and pomegranates on the capital round about , all of brass : and the second pillar also had like these , and pomegranates .
i will strengthen the house of judah , and i will save the house of joseph , and i will bring them back ; for i have mercy on them ; and they will be as though i had not cast them off : for i am yahweh their god , and i will hear them .
but the righteous will live by faith . if he shrinks back , my soul has no pleasure in him .
there is gold and abundance of rubies ; but the lips of knowledge are a rare jewel .
if it bears fruit , fine ; but if not , after that , you can cut it down . '
and it shall be for aaron and his sons as their portion forever from the children of israel ; for it is a wave offering : and it shall be a wave offering from the children of israel of the sacrifices of their peace offerings , even their wave offering to yahweh .
if a man be found lying with a woman married to a husband , then they shall both of them die , the man who lay with the woman , and the woman : so shall you put away the evil from israel .
but jesus perceived their wickedness , and said , why do you test me , you hypocrites ?
then said jeremiah to zedekiah , thus says yahweh , the god of armies , the god of israel : if you will go forth to the king of babylon 's princes , then your soul shall live , and this city shall not be burned with fire ; and you shall live , and your house .
the soul of king david longed to go forth to absalom : for he was comforted concerning amnon , seeing he was dead .
through silvanus , our faithful brother , as i consider him , i have written to you briefly , exhorting , and testifying that this is the true grace of god in which you stand .
the earth was corrupt before god , and the earth was filled with violence .
take great stones in your hand , and hide them in mortar in the brick work , which is at the entry of pharaoh 's house in tahpanhes , in the sight of the men of judah ;
ahijah laid hold of the new garment that was on him , and tore it in twelve pieces .
the word of yahweh came again to me , saying ,
it happened , that when isaac was old , and his eyes were dim , so that he could not see , he called esau his elder son , and said to him , my son ? he said to him , here i am .
joshua said , roll great stones to the mouth of the cave , and set men by it to keep them :
delilah said to samson , tell me , please , in which your great strength lies , and with which you might be bound to afflict you .
behold , a certain lawyer stood up and tested him , saying , teacher , what shall i do to inherit eternal life ?
jonathan climbed up on his hands and on his feet , and his armor bearer after him : and they fell before jonathan ; and his armor bearer killed them after him .
let him turn away from evil , and do good . let him seek peace , and pursue it .
yet they tempted and rebelled against the most high god , and did n't keep his testimonies ;
the sons of the prophets said to elisha , see now , the place where we dwell before you is too strait for us .
it was so , when the days of their feasting had run their course , that job sent and sanctified them , and rose up early in the morning , and offered burnt offerings according to the number of them all . for job said , it may be that my sons have sinned , and renounced god in their hearts . thus did job continually .
and to love him with all the heart , and with all the understanding , with all the soul , and with all the strength , and to love his neighbor as himself , is more important than all whole burnt offerings and sacrifices .
because he considers , and turns away from all his transgressions that he has committed , he shall surely live , he shall not die .
open your doors , lebanon , that the fire may devour your cedars .
he shall sprinkle some of the blood on it with his finger seven times , and cleanse it , and make it holy from the uncleanness of the children of israel .
for john was not yet thrown into prison .
yes , you have borne the tent of your king and the shrine of your images , the star of your god , which you made for yourselves .
and saying , you who destroy the temple , and build it in three days , save yourself ! if you are the son of god , come down from the cross !
in whose hand is the life of every living thing , the breath of all mankind ?
the king sat on his seat , as at other times , even on the seat by the wall ; and jonathan stood up , and abner sat by saul 's side : but david 's place was empty .
some therefore cried one thing , and some another , for the assembly was in confusion . most of them did n't know why they had come together .
they said , has yahweh indeed spoken only with moses ? has n't he spoken also with us ? yahweh heard it .
and said , i beg you , yahweh , the god of heaven , the great and awesome god , who keeps covenant and loving kindness with those who love him and keep his commandments :
they made bells of pure gold , and put the bells between the pomegranates around the skirts of the robe , between the pomegranates ;
moses spoke to the children of israel ; and all their princes gave him rods , for each prince one , according to their fathers ' houses , even twelve rods : and the rod of aaron was among their rods .
fulfill your promise to your servant , that you may be feared .
he sent yet a third , and they also wounded him , and threw him out .
because they did n't obey the voice of yahweh their god , but transgressed his covenant , even all that moses the servant of yahweh commanded , and would not hear it , nor do it .
this house was finished on the third day of the month adar , which was in the sixth year of the reign of darius the king .
who satisfies your desire with good things , so that your youth is renewed like the eagle 's .
among the sons of the priests there were found who had married foreign women : namely , of the sons of jeshua , the son of jozadak , and his brothers , maaseiah , and eliezer , and jarib , and gedaliah .
their horses were seven hundred thirty - six ; their mules , two hundred forty - five ;
she put her hand to the tent peg , her right hand to the workmen 's hammer ; with the hammer she struck sisera , she struck through his head ; yes , she pierced and struck through his temples .
so i was left alone , and saw this great vision , and there remained no strength in me ; for my comeliness was turned in me into corruption , and i retained no strength .
and you shall love yahweh your god with all your heart , and with all your soul , and with all your might .
yahweh , god of armies , hear my prayer . listen , god of jacob . selah .
he commanded them , saying , this is what you shall tell my lord , esau : this is what your servant , jacob , says . i have lived as a foreigner with laban , and stayed until now .
but he said , on the contrary , blessed are those who hear the word of god , and keep it .
then the lust , when it has conceived , bears sin ; and the sin , when it is full grown , brings forth death .
it will be , that whoever will call on the name of the lord will be saved . '
at the end of the days which the king had appointed for bringing them in , the prince of the eunuchs brought them in before nebuchadnezzar .
the woman of tekoa said to the king , my lord , o king , the iniquity be on me , and on my father 's house ; and the king and his throne be guiltless .
your clothing did n't grow old on you , neither did your foot swell , these forty years .
as for the works of men , by the word of your lips i have kept myself from the ways of the violent .
behold , i will command , says yahweh , and cause them to return to this city ; and they shall fight against it , and take it , and burn it with fire : and i will make the cities of judah a desolation , without inhabitant .
he who is slow to anger has great understanding , but he who has a quick temper displays folly .
i made treasurers over the treasuries , shelemiah the priest , and zadok the scribe , and of the levites , pedaiah : and next to them was hanan the son of zaccur , the son of mattaniah ; for they were counted faithful , and their business was to distribute to their brothers .
then all the jews returned out of all places where they were driven , and came to the land of judah , to gedaliah , to mizpah , and gathered wine and summer fruits very much .
to a foreigner you may lend on interest ; but to your brother you shall not lend on interest , that yahweh your god may bless you in all that you put your hand to , in the land where you go in to possess it .
when the lord shall have washed away the filth of the daughters of zion , and shall have purged the blood of jerusalem from its midst , by the spirit of justice , and by the spirit of burning .
shecaniah the son of jehiel , one of the sons of elam , answered ezra , we have trespassed against our god , and have married foreign women of the peoples of the land : yet now there is hope for israel concerning this thing .
aaron returned to moses to the door of the tent of meeting : and the plague was stayed .
if we confess our sins , he is faithful and righteous to forgive us the sins , and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness .
the staff of his spear was like a weaver 's beam ; and his spear 's head weighed six hundred shekels of iron : and his shield bearer went before him .
and behold there was a man with a withered hand . they asked him , is it lawful to heal on the sabbath day ? that they might accuse him .
it happened the same night , that yahweh said to him , take your father 's bull , even the second bull seven years old , and throw down the altar of baal that your father has , and cut down the asherah that is by it ;
the pharisees came out and began to question him , seeking from him a sign from heaven , and testing him .
after him repaired the priests , the men of the plain .
for this cause i write these things while absent , that i may not deal sharply when present , according to the authority which the lord gave me for building up , and not for tearing down .
out of them shall proceed thanksgiving and the voice of those who make merry : and i will multiply them , and they shall not be few ; i will also glorify them , and they shall not be small .
those who fashion an engraved image are all of them vanity ; and the things that they delight in shall not profit ; and their own witnesses do n't see , nor know : that they may be disappointed .
thus says yahweh : behold , i will raise up against babylon , and against those who dwell in lebkamai , a destroying wind .
moses said , this is the thing which yahweh commanded that you should do : and the glory of yahweh shall appear to you .
behold , he speaks openly , and they say nothing to him . can it be that the rulers indeed know that this is truly the christ ?
in the fourth generation they will come here again , for the iniquity of the amorite is not yet full .
concerning this thing , i begged the lord three times that it might depart from me .
the name of the second , he called ephraim : for god has made me fruitful in the land of my affliction .
the people said to joshua , no ; but we will serve yahweh .
the rough male goat is the king of greece : and the great horn that is between his eyes is the first king .
when his armor bearer saw that saul was dead , he likewise fell on his sword , and died .
he said , brothers and fathers , listen . the god of glory appeared to our father abraham , when he was in mesopotamia , before he lived in haran ,
but woe to you who are rich ! for you have received your consolation .
gideon the son of joash died in a good old age , and was buried in the tomb of joash his father , in ophrah of the abiezrites .
stay with him a few days , until your brother 's fury turns away ;
the servants of achish said to him , is n't this david the king of the land ? did n't they sing one to another about him in dances , saying , saul has slain his thousands , david his ten thousands ? '
it happened , from the day that the ark abode in kiriath jearim , that the time was long ; for it was twenty years : and all the house of israel lamented after yahweh .
one of his disciples , andrew , simon peter 's brother , said to him ,
the woman answered , i have no husband . jesus said to her , you said well , i have no husband , '
but in the eighteenth year of king josiah was this passover kept to yahweh in jerusalem .
his eyes will be red with wine , his teeth white with milk .
will you harass a driven leaf ? will you pursue the dry stubble ?
good and upright is yahweh , therefore he will instruct sinners in the way .
now while paul waited for them at athens , his spirit was provoked within him as he saw the city full of idols .
his disciples said to him , if this is the case of the man with his wife , it is not expedient to marry .
their bulls breed without fail . their cows calve , and do n't miscarry .
one male goat for a sin offering ;
again , when i say to the wicked , you shall surely die ; if he turn from his sin , and do that which is lawful and right ;
these things have i spoken to you , so that you would n't be caused to stumble .
the pharisees therefore said to him , you testify about yourself . your testimony is not valid .
when hezekiah and the princes came and saw the heaps , they blessed yahweh , and his people israel .
then the priest shall command that they take out the stones in which is the plague , and cast them into an unclean place outside of the city :
as for the prince , he shall sit therein as prince to eat bread before yahweh ; he shall enter by the way of the porch of the gate , and shall go out by the way of the same .
god worked special miracles by the hands of paul ,
behold , a woman who had an issue of blood for twelve years came behind him , and touched the tassels of his garment ;
a workman has cast an image , and the goldsmith overlays it with gold , and casts silver chains for it .
yahweh said to moses , tell aaron , stretch out your rod , and strike the dust of the earth , that it may become lice throughout all the land of egypt . '
now the rest of the acts of menahem , and all that he did , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of israel ?
for death is come up into our windows , it is entered into our palaces ; to cut off the children from outside , and the young men from the streets .
he said , please show me your glory .
i made myself gardens and parks , and i planted trees in them of all kinds of fruit .
neither shall you covet your neighbor 's wife ; neither shall you desire your neighbor 's house , his field , or his male servant , or his female servant , his ox , or his donkey , or anything that is your neighbor 's .
we know that god has spoken to moses . but as for this man , we do n't know where he comes from .
their tents and their flocks shall they take ; they shall carry away for themselves their curtains , and all their vessels , and their camels ; and they shall cry to them , terror on every side !
he said to me , to build her a house in the land of shinar . when it is prepared , she will be set there in her own place .
judah sent the kid of the goats by the hand of his friend , the adullamite , to receive the pledge from the woman 's hand , but he did n't find her .
they came , both men and women , as many as were willing - hearted , and brought brooches , earrings , signet rings , and armlets , all jewels of gold ; even every man who offered an offering of gold to yahweh .
moses and eleazar the priest took the gold of them , even all worked jewels .
moses took the anointing oil , and anointed the tabernacle and all that was in it , and sanctified them .
so the king went over to gilgal , and chimham went over with him : and all the people of judah brought the king over , and also half the people of israel .
the man , the master of the house , went out to them , and said to them , no , my brothers , please do n't act so wickedly ; seeing that this man is come into my house , do n't do this folly .
because if our heart condemns us , god is greater than our heart , and knows all things .
we ca n't reach the almighty , he is exalted in power ; in justice and great righteousness he will not oppress .
joab the son of zeruiah was over the army ; and jehoshaphat the son of ahilud was recorder ;
but who can endure the day of his coming ? and who will stand when he appears ? for he is like a refiner 's fire , and like launderer 's soap ;
they answered that they did n't know where it was from .
the lord of that servant will come in a day when he does n't expect it , and in an hour when he does n't know it ,
who died for us , that , whether we wake or sleep , we should live together with him .
i made known to them your name , and will make it known ; that the love with which you loved me may be in them , and i in them .
and the peace of god , which surpasses all understanding , will guard your hearts and your thoughts in christ jesus .
the multitudes said , this is the prophet , jesus , from nazareth of galilee .
so then neither he who plants is anything , nor he who waters , but god who gives the increase .
for however many are the promises of god , in him is the yes . therefore also through him is the amen , to the glory of god through us .
he puts forth his hand on the flinty rock , and he overturns the mountains by the roots .
oh let the nations be glad and sing for joy , for you will judge the peoples with equity , and govern the nations on earth . selah .
outside of the inner gate were chambers for the singers in the inner court , which was at the side of the north gate ; and their prospect was toward the south ; one at the side of the east gate having the prospect toward the north .
you are my king , god . command victories for jacob !
i came this day to the spring , and said , yahweh , the god of my master abraham , if now you do prosper my way which i go
for yahweh your god walks in the midst of your camp , to deliver you , and to give up your enemies before you ; therefore shall your camp be holy , that he may not see an unclean thing in you , and turn away from you .
he went in also to rachel , and he loved also rachel more than leah , and served with him yet seven other years .
do to them as you did to midian , as to sisera , as to jabin , at the river kishon ;
then all the captains of the forces , and johanan the son of kareah , and jezaniah the son of hoshaiah , and all the people from the least even to the greatest , came near ,
if a man dies , shall he live again ? all the days of my warfare would i wait , until my release should come .
the magicians did in like manner with their enchantments , and brought up frogs on the land of egypt .
if you forsake yahweh , and serve foreign gods , then he will turn and do you evil , and consume you , after that he has done you good .
pour out your indignation on them . let the fierceness of your anger overtake them .
you divided the sea before them , so that they went through the midst of the sea on the dry land ; and their pursuers you did cast into the depths , as a stone into the mighty waters .
when paul wanted to enter in to the people , the disciples did n't allow him .
now the children of reuben and the children of gad had a very great multitude of livestock : and when they saw the land of jazer , and the land of gilead , that behold , the place was a place for livestock ;
of the teaching of baptisms , of laying on of hands , of resurrection of the dead , and of eternal judgment .
moreover yahweh your god will send the hornet among them , until those who are left , and hide themselves , perish from before you .
moses said to aaron , and to eleazar and to ithamar , his sons , do n't let the hair of your heads go loose , neither tear your clothes ; that you do n't die , and that he not be angry with all the congregation : but let your brothers , the whole house of israel , bewail the burning which yahweh has kindled .
he who says he is in the light and hates his brother , is in the darkness even until now .
lod , and ono , the valley of craftsmen .
when you are in oppression , and all these things are come on you , in the latter days you shall return to yahweh your god , and listen to his voice :
i , tertius , who write the letter , greet you in the lord .
you who tell good news to zion , go up on a high mountain . you who tell good news to jerusalem , lift up your voice with strength . lift it up . do n't be afraid . say to the cities of judah , behold , your god !
he who oppresses the poor shows contempt for his maker , but he who is kind to the needy honors him .
for wherever the carcass is , there will the vultures be gathered together .
kedemoth with its suburbs , and mephaath with its suburbs ; four cities .
the fortress shall cease from ephraim , and the kingdom from damascus , and the remnant of syria . they will be as the glory of the children of israel , says yahweh of armies .
for the land , where you go in to possess it , is n't as the land of egypt , from whence you came out , where you sowed your seed , and watered it with your foot , as a garden of herbs ;
therefore the wild animals of the desert with the wolves shall dwell there , and the ostriches shall dwell therein : and it shall be no more inhabited forever ; neither shall it be lived in from generation to generation .
but a whole month , until it come out at your nostrils , and it be loathsome to you ; because that you have rejected yahweh who is among you , and have wept before him , saying , why came we forth out of egypt ?
behold , he spreads his light around him . he covers the bottom of the sea .
for he was wiser than all men ; than ethan the ezrahite , and heman , and calcol , and darda , the sons of mahol : and his fame was in all the nations round about .
he said to the king of israel , put your hand on the bow ; and he put his hand on it . elisha laid his hands on the king 's hands .
now therefore call to me all the prophets of baal , all his worshippers , and all his priests ; let none be wanting : for i have a great sacrifice to do to baal ; whoever shall be wanting , he shall not live . but jehu did it in subtlety , to the intent that he might destroy the worshippers of baal .
but if he ca n't afford two turtledoves , or two young pigeons , then he shall bring his offering for that in which he has sinned , the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour for a sin offering . he shall put no oil on it , neither shall he put any frankincense on it , for it is a sin offering .
which is easier to say , your sins are forgiven you ; ' or to say , arise and walk ? '
but he said to them , you give them something to eat . they said , we have no more than five loaves and two fish , unless we should go and buy food for all these people .
but ahaz said , i will not ask , neither will i tempt yahweh .
then david the king went in , and sat before yahweh ; and he said , who am i , yahweh god , and what is my house , that you have brought me thus far ?
the man said , this is now bone of my bones , and flesh of my flesh . she will be called woman , because she was taken out of man .
on the three and twentieth day of the seventh month he sent the people away to their tents , joyful and glad of heart for the goodness that yahweh had shown to david , and to solomon , and to israel his people .
( all of which perish with use ) , according to the precepts and doctrines of men ?
therefore will i also deal in wrath ; my eye shall not spare , neither will i have pity ; and though they cry in my ears with a loud voice , yet will i not hear them .
by patience a ruler is persuaded . a soft tongue breaks the bone .
the caravans that travel beside them turn aside ; they go up into the waste , and perish .
not boasting beyond proper limits in other men 's labors , but having hope that as your faith grows , we will be abundantly enlarged by you in our sphere of influence ,
it happened , when the captains of the chariots saw jehoshaphat , that they said , it is the king of israel . therefore they turned about to fight against him : but jehoshaphat cried out , and yahweh helped him ; and god moved them to depart from him .
their redeemer is strong ; yahweh of armies is his name : he will thoroughly plead their cause , that he may give rest to the earth , and disquiet the inhabitants of babylon .
then said i in my heart , as it happens to the fool , so will it happen even to me ; and why was i then more wise ? then said i in my heart that this also is vanity .
when she had said this , she turned around and saw jesus standing , and did n't know that it was jesus .
be of good courage , and let us play the man for our people , and for the cities of our god : and yahweh do that which seems him good .
because yahweh was not able to bring this people into the land which he swore to them , therefore he has slain them in the wilderness .
to fulfill the word of yahweh by the mouth of jeremiah , until the land had enjoyed its sabbaths : for as long as it lay desolate it kept sabbath , to fulfill seventy years .
but all their works they do to be seen by men . they make their phylacteries broad , enlarge the fringes of their garments ,
so , because you are lukewarm , and neither hot nor cold , i will vomit you out of my mouth .
again he said , to what shall i compare the kingdom of god ?
they made two settings of gold , and two gold rings , and put the two rings on the two ends of the breastplate .
whatever shall touch its flesh shall be holy . when there is any of its blood sprinkled on a garment , you shall wash that on which it was sprinkled in a holy place .
for they all saw him , and were troubled . but he immediately spoke with them , and said to them , cheer up ! it is i ! do n't be afraid .
you daughters of israel , weep over saul , who clothed you in scarlet delicately , who put ornaments of gold on your clothing .
he said to her , what do you want ? she said to him , command that these , my two sons , may sit , one on your right hand , and one on your left hand , in your kingdom .
many of the multitude therefore , when they heard these words , said , this is truly the prophet .
david called one of the young men , and said , go near , and fall on him . he struck him , so that he died .
of asher he said , blessed be asher with children ; let him be acceptable to his brothers , let him dip his foot in oil .
behold , how great a love the father has bestowed on us , that we should be called children of god ! for this cause the world does n't know us , because it did n't know him .
her sister oholibah saw this , yet was she more corrupt in her doting than she , and in her prostitution which were more than the prostitution of her sister .
when aaron lights the lamps at evening , he shall burn it , a perpetual incense before yahweh throughout your generations .
the wicked , in the pride of his face , has no room in his thoughts for god .
he shall sprinkle on him who is to be cleansed from the leprosy seven times , and shall pronounce him clean , and shall let the living bird go into the open field .
this land we took in possession at that time : from aroer , which is by the valley of the arnon , and half the hill country of gilead , and the cities of it , gave i to the reubenites and to the gadites :
which , when it was filled , they drew up on the beach . they sat down , and gathered the good into containers , but the bad they threw away .
it will happen at that time , that i will search jerusalem with lamps , and i will punish the men who are settled on their dregs , who say in their heart , yahweh will not do good , neither will he do evil .
so the priests , and the levites , and the porters , and the singers , and some of the people , and the nethinim , and all israel , lived in their cities . when the seventh month was come , the children of israel were in their cities .
if his father have no brothers , then you shall give his inheritance to his kinsman who is next to him of his family , and he shall possess it : and it shall be to the children of israel a statute and ordinance , as yahweh commanded moses .
samuel said to him , yahweh has torn the kingdom of israel from you this day , and has given it to a neighbor of yours who is better than you .
each one went straight forward : where the spirit was to go , they went ; they did n't turn when they went .
he arose , and came to his father . but while he was still far off , his father saw him , and was moved with compassion , and ran , and fell on his neck , and kissed him .
but we are not of those who shrink back to destruction , but of those who have faith to the saving of the soul .
the sound of the wings of the cherubim was heard even to the outer court , as the voice of god almighty when he speaks .
joy comes to a man with the reply of his mouth . how good is a word at the right time !
that they may know that this is your hand ; that you , yahweh , have done it .
therefore shall you serve your enemies whom yahweh shall send against you , in hunger , and in thirst , and in nakedness , and in want of all things : and he shall put a yoke of iron on your neck , until he have destroyed you .
for the fruit of the spirit is in all goodness and righteousness and truth ,
they will by no means follow a stranger , but will flee from him ; for they do n't know the voice of strangers .
yahweh spoke to moses in the wilderness of sinai , in the first month of the second year after they had come out of the land of egypt , saying ,
if anyone sins , in that he hears the voice of adjuration , he being a witness , whether he has seen or known , if he does n't report it , then he shall bear his iniquity .
i say that your counsel and strength for the war are only vain words . now in whom do you trust , that you have rebelled against me ?
abner had communication with the elders of israel , saying , in times past you sought for david to be king over you :
the crucible is for silver , and the furnace for gold ; but man is refined by his praise .
but of the son he says , your throne , o god , is forever and ever ; the scepter of uprightness is the scepter of your kingdom .
you shall give to the priests the levites who are of the seed of zadok , who are near to me , to minister to me , says the lord yahweh , a young bull for a sin offering .
and to the angel of the assembly in sardis write : he who has the seven spirits of god , and the seven stars says these things : i know your works , that you have a reputation of being alive , but you are dead .
my son , do n't forget my teaching ; but let your heart keep my commandments :
their houses are safe from fear , neither is the rod of god upon them .
then we told them after this manner , what the names of the men were who were making this building .
here is the patience of the saints , those who keep the commandments of god , and the faith of jesus .
the ark of the testimony with its poles , the mercy seat ,
this ezra went up from babylon : and he was a ready scribe in the law of moses , which yahweh , the god of israel , had given ; and the king granted him all his request , according to the hand of yahweh his god on him .
he dealt well with abram for her sake . he had sheep , oxen , male donkeys , male servants , female servants , female donkeys , and camels .
the refining pot is for silver , and the furnace for gold , but yahweh tests the hearts .
but whoever keeps his word , god 's love has most assuredly been perfected in him . this is how we know that we are in him :
it happened on the next day after the new moon , which was the second day , that david 's place was empty : and saul said to jonathan his son , why does n't the son of jesse come to meat , neither yesterday , nor today ?
but to each one of us was the grace given according to the measure of the gift of christ .
those who worship the army of the sky on the housetops , those who worship and swear by yahweh and also swear by malcam ,
he who hates me , hates my father also .
i will fill its mountains with its slain : in your hills and in your valleys and in all your watercourses shall they fall who are slain with the sword .
behold , an angel of the lord stood by them , and the glory of the lord shone around them , and they were terrified .
if the plague comes again , and breaks out in the house , after he has taken out the stones , and after he has scraped the house , and after it was plastered ;
offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving of that which is leavened , and proclaim free will offerings and brag about them : for this pleases you , you children of israel , says the lord yahweh .
having been made perfect , he became to all of those who obey him the author of eternal salvation ,
commit your way to yahweh . trust also in him , and he will do this :
for an angel of the lord went down at certain times into the pool , and stirred up the water . whoever stepped in first after the stirring of the water was made whole of whatever disease he had .
jesus said to them , i am the bread of life . he who comes to me will not be hungry , and he who believes in me will never be thirsty .
he will say , where are their gods , the rock in which they took refuge ;
do n't you consider what this people has spoken , saying , the two families which yahweh did choose , he has cast them off ? thus do they despise my people , that they should be no more a nation before them .
even in the third year of asa king of judah did baasha kill him , and reigned in his place .
your renown went forth among the nations for your beauty ; for it was perfect , through my majesty which i had put on you , says the lord yahweh .
i said , you are gods , all of you are sons of the most high .
for thus says yahweh , the god of israel , the jar of meal shall not empty , neither shall the jar of oil fail , until the day that yahweh sends rain on the earth .
but paul said to them , they have beaten us publicly , without a trial , men who are romans , and have cast us into prison ! do they now release us secretly ? no , most assuredly , but let them come themselves and bring us out !
a voice of the wailing of the shepherds ! for their glory is destroyed : a voice of the roaring of young lions ! for the pride of the jordan is ruined .
we have the more sure word of prophecy ; whereunto you do well that you take heed , as to a lamp shining in a dark place , until the day dawns , and the morning star arises in your hearts :
and the priest shall offer the burnt offering and the meal offering on the altar . the priest shall make atonement for him , and he shall be clean .
all the instruments of the tent in all its service , and all the pins of it , and all the pins of the court , shall be of brass .
yes , the sparrow has found a home , and the swallow a nest for herself , where she may have her young , near your altars , yahweh of armies , my king , and my god .
this saying is faithful and worthy of all acceptance .
for yahweh of armies , who planted you , has pronounced evil against you , because of the evil of the house of israel and of the house of judah , which they have worked for themselves in provoking me to anger by offering incense to baal .
however much she glorified herself , and grew wanton , so much give her of torment and mourning . for she says in her heart , i sit a queen , and am no widow , and will in no way see mourning . '
sing , you heavens , for yahweh has done it ; shout , you lower parts of the earth ; break forth into singing , you mountains , o forest , and every tree therein : for yahweh has redeemed jacob , and will glorify himself in israel .
for you need endurance so that , having done the will of god , you may receive the promise .
in all the land were no women found so beautiful as the daughters of job . their father gave them an inheritance among their brothers .
the noise of the whip , the noise of the rattling of wheels , prancing horses , and bounding chariots ,
they led jesus away to the high priest . all the chief priests , the elders , and the scribes came together with him .
do n't you yet perceive , neither remember the five loaves for the five thousand , and how many baskets you took up ?
unless it is for this one thing that i cried standing among them , concerning the resurrection of the dead i am being judged before you today ! '
the man grew great , and grew more and more until he became very great .
the people said to joshua , yahweh our god will we serve , and to his voice will we listen .
he killed of edom in the valley of salt ten thousand , and took sela by war , and called the name of it joktheel , to this day .
he said to them , is it lawful on the sabbath day to do good , or to do harm ? to save a life , or to kill ? but they were silent .
the house which king solomon built for yahweh , the length of it was sixty cubits , and the breadth of it twenty cubits , and the height of it thirty cubits .
he is like a man building a house , who dug and went deep , and laid a foundation on the rock . when a flood arose , the stream broke against that house , and could not shake it , because it was founded on the rock .
but if you will not listen to me to make the sabbath day holy , and not to bear a burden and enter in at the gates of jerusalem on the sabbath day ; then will i kindle a fire in the gates of it , and it shall devour the palaces of jerusalem , and it shall not be quenched .
at that time , jesus went on the sabbath day through the grain fields . his disciples were hungry and began to pluck heads of grain and to eat .
having condemnation , because they have rejected their first pledge .
and i thank him who enabled me , christ jesus our lord , because he counted me faithful , appointing me to service ;
for we must needs die , and are as water split on the ground , which ca n't be gathered up again ; neither does god take away life , but devises means , that he who is banished not be an outcast from him .
when you rebuke and correct man for iniquity , you consume his wealth like a moth . surely every man is but a breath . selah .
with the merciful you will show yourself merciful . with the perfect man , you will show yourself perfect .
let the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be acceptable in your sight , yahweh , my rock , and my redeemer .
for who is god , except yahweh ? who is a rock , besides our god ,
saul saw and knew that yahweh was with david ; and michal , saul 's daughter , loved him .
he made the ephod of gold , blue , purple , scarlet , and fine twined linen .
but yahweh , who brought you up out of the land of egypt with great power and with an outstretched arm , him shall you fear , and to him shall you bow yourselves , and to him shall you sacrifice :
this was a small thing in your eyes , god ; but you have spoken of your servant 's house for a great while to come , and have regarded me according to the estate of a man of high degree , yahweh god .
why are you in despair , my soul ? why are you disturbed within me ? hope in god ! for i shall still praise him , the saving help of my countenance , and my god .
thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel : go , and tell the men of judah and the inhabitants of jerusalem , will you not receive instruction to listen to my words ? says yahweh .
the way of the wicked is an abomination to yahweh , but he loves him who follows after righteousness .
there was no day like that before it or after it , that yahweh listened to the voice of a man : for yahweh fought for israel .
when i tell the wicked , you shall surely die ; and you give him no warning , nor speak to warn the wicked from his wicked way , to save his life ; the same wicked man shall die in his iniquity ; but his blood will i require at your hand .
he entered again into the synagogue , and there was a man there who had his hand withered .
there is a river , the streams of which make the city of god glad , the holy place of the tents of the most high .
they have all turned aside . they have together become unprofitable . there is no one who does good , no , not , so much as one .
it is better to dwell in the corner of the housetop , than to share a house with a contentious woman .
for if we had n't delayed , surely we would have returned a second time by now .
it shall be that , when they enter in at the gates of the inner court , they shall be clothed with linen garments ; and no wool shall come on them , while they minister in the gates of the inner court , and within .
it happened in the morning watch , that yahweh looked out on the egyptian army through the pillar of fire and of cloud , and confused the egyptian army .
yahweh delivered to me the two tables of stone written with the finger of god ; and on them was written according to all the words , which yahweh spoke with you on the mountain out of the midst of the fire in the day of the assembly .
in his humiliation , his judgment was taken away . who will declare his generation ? for his life is taken from the earth .
now let a little water be fetched , wash your feet , and rest yourselves under the tree .
you blind guides , who strain out a gnat , and swallow a camel !
let pharaoh do this , and let him appoint overseers over the land , and take up the fifth part of the land of egypt 's produce in the seven plenteous years .
aaron shall be gathered to his people ; for he shall not enter into the land which i have given to the children of israel , because you rebelled against my word at the waters of meribah .
in the plain of the jordan did the king cast them , in the clay ground between succoth and zeredah .
for i will restore health to you , and i will heal you of your wounds , says yahweh ; because they have called you an outcast , saying , it is zion , whom no man seeks after .
i am the vine . you are the branches . he who remains in me , and i in him , the same bears much fruit , for apart from me you can do nothing .
they stirred up the people , the elders , and the scribes , and came against him and seized him , and brought him in to the council ,
these four were born to the giant in gath ; and they fell by the hand of david , and by the hand of his servants .
his parents went every year to jerusalem at the feast of the passover .
you uncovered your bow . you called for your sworn arrows . selah . you split the earth with rivers .
you shall walk in all the way which yahweh your god has commanded you , that you may live , and that it may be well with you , and that you may prolong your days in the land which you shall possess .
but when this , your son , came , who has devoured your living with prostitutes , you killed the fattened calf for him . '
they were astonished beyond measure , saying , he has done all things well . he makes even the deaf hear , and the mute speak !
jacob lifted up his eyes , and looked , and , behold , esau was coming , and with him four hundred men . he divided the children between leah , rachel , and the two handmaids .
i will observe your statutes . do n't utterly forsake me . beit
all those who were numbered of the levites , whom moses and aaron and the princes of israel numbered , by their families , and by their fathers ' houses ,
for he has strengthened the bars of your gates . he has blessed your children within you .
and led him to annas first , for he was father - in - law to caiaphas , who was high priest that year .
one of his servants answered , please let some take five of the horses that remain , which are left in the city ( behold , they are as all the multitude of israel who are left in it ; behold , they are as all the multitude of israel who are consumed ) ; and let us send and see .
his power shall be mighty , but not by his own power ; and he shall destroy wonderfully , and shall prosper and do his pleasure ; and he shall destroy the mighty ones and the holy people .
the name of the other was eliezer , for he said , my father 's god was my help and delivered me from pharaoh 's sword .
when its boughs are withered , they will be broken off . the women will come and set them on fire , for they are a people of no understanding . therefore he who made them will not have compassion on them , and he who formed them will show them no favor .
but if the bright spot stays in its place , and has n't spread , it is the scar from the boil ; and the priest shall pronounce him clean .
whatever yahweh pleased , that he has done , in heaven and in earth , in the seas and in all deeps ;
and i will shake all nations . the precious things of all nations will come , and i will fill this house with glory , says yahweh of armies .
i will be his father , and he shall be my son : and i will not take my loving kindness away from him , as i took it from him that was before you ;
seeing a fig tree by the road , he came to it , and found nothing on it but leaves . he said to it , let there be no fruit from you forever ! immediately the fig tree withered away .
he called the multitude to himself with his disciples , and said to them , whoever wants to come after me , let him deny himself , and take up his cross , and follow me .
i will make jerusalem heaps , a dwelling place of jackals ; and i will make the cities of judah a desolation , without inhabitant .
i am not worthy of the least of all the loving kindnesses , and of all the truth , which you have shown to your servant ; for with just my staff i passed over this jordan ; and now i have become two companies .
joshua rose up early in the morning ; and they removed from shittim , and came to the jordan , he and all the children of israel ; and they lodged there before they passed over .
samson said to them , this time shall i be blameless in regard of the philistines , when i do them a mischief .
but in mount zion , there will be those who escape , and it will be holy . the house of jacob will possess their possessions .
it happened at that time , when eli was laid down in his place ( now his eyes had begun to grow dim , so that he could not see ) ,
for this cause it is of faith , that it may be according to grace , to the end that the promise may be sure to all the seed , not to that only which is of the law , but to that also which is of the faith of abraham , who is the father of us all .
it came to pass in the seven and twentieth year , in the first month , in the first day of the month , the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
he made ready his chariot , and took his army with him ;
he spoke to the man clothed in linen , and said , go in between the whirling wheels , even under the cherub , and fill both your hands with coals of fire from between the cherubim , and scatter them over the city . he went in as i watched .
you shall betroth a wife , and another man shall lie with her : you shall build a house , and you shall not dwell therein : you shall plant a vineyard , and shall not use the fruit of it .
and saying , where is the promise of his coming ? for , from the day that the fathers fell asleep , all things continue as they were from the beginning of the creation .
these , therefore , came to philip , who was from bethsaida of galilee , and asked him , saying , sir , we want to see jesus .
for i tell you that to everyone who has , will more be given ; but from him who does n't have , even that which he has will be taken away from him .
he struck them hip and thigh with a great slaughter : and he went down and lived in the cleft of the rock of etam .
to another faith , by the same spirit ; and to another gifts of healings , by the same spirit ;
be prepared , yes , prepare yourself , you , and all your companies who are assembled to you , and be a guard to them .
yahweh preserves all those who love him , but all the wicked he will destroy .
nor the seven loaves for the four thousand , and how many baskets you took up ?
by the rivers of babylon , there we sat down . yes , we wept , when we remembered zion .
and the levite , because he has no portion nor inheritance with you , and the foreigner living among you , and the fatherless , and the widow , who are within your gates , shall come , and shall eat and be satisfied ; that yahweh your god may bless you in all the work of your hand which you do .
they were distressed because they were confident ; they came there , and were confounded .
so he brought down the people to the water : and yahweh said to gideon , everyone who laps of the water with his tongue , as a dog laps , him shall you set by himself ; likewise everyone who bows down on his knees to drink .
every vow , and every binding oath to afflict the soul , her husband may establish it , or her husband may make it void .
when he had looked around at them with anger , being grieved at the hardening of their hearts , he said to the man , stretch out your hand . he stretched it out , and his hand was restored as healthy as the other .
yahweh spoke to moses that same day , saying ,
they are foam on the surface of the waters . their portion is cursed in the earth : they do n't turn into the way of the vineyards .
they die in youth . their life perishes among the unclean .
for israel has forgotten his maker and built palaces ; and judah has multiplied fortified cities ; but i will send a fire on his cities , and it will devour its fortresses .
so then the lord jesus , after he had spoken to them , was received up into heaven , and sat down at the right hand of god .
you afflicted , tossed with tempest , and not comforted , behold , i will set your stones in beautiful colors , and lay your foundations with sapphires .
when you cry , let those who you have gathered deliver you ; but the wind shall take them , a breath shall carry them all away : but he who takes refuge in me shall possess the land , and shall inherit my holy mountain .
therefore i will judge you , house of israel , everyone according to his ways , says the lord yahweh . return you , and turn yourselves from all your transgressions ; so iniquity shall not be your ruin .
all who heard him were amazed at his understanding and his answers .
in the plain of the jordan did the king cast them , in the clay ground between succoth and zarethan .
he measured the length of it , twenty cubits , and the breadth , twenty cubits , before the temple : and he said to me , this is the most holy place .
saul was very angry , and this saying displeased him ; and he said , they have ascribed to david ten thousands , and to me they have ascribed but thousands : and what can he have more but the kingdom ?
you shall fear yahweh your god ; and him shall you serve , and shall swear by his name .
he cried with a mighty voice , saying , fallen , fallen is babylon the great , and she has become a habitation of demons , a prison of every unclean spirit , and a prison of every unclean and hateful bird !
without faith it is impossible to be well pleasing to him , for he who comes to god must believe that he exists , and that he is a rewarder of those who seek him .
yet for all that , when they are in the land of their enemies , i will not reject them , neither will i abhor them , to destroy them utterly , and to break my covenant with them ; for i am yahweh their god ;
but watch yourselves , for they will deliver you up to councils . you will be beaten in synagogues . you will stand before rulers and kings for my sake , for a testimony to them .
surely then shall you lift up your face without spot ; yes , you shall be steadfast , and shall not fear :
as he sat on the mount of olives opposite the temple , peter , james , john , and andrew asked him privately ,
egypt rises up like the nile , and his waters toss themselves like the rivers : and he says , i will rise up , i will cover the earth ; i will destroy cities and the inhabitants of it .
then pharaoh said to him , but what have you lacked with me , that behold , you seek to go to your own country ? he answered , nothing : however only let me depart .
he said to me , daniel , you man greatly beloved , understand the words that i speak to you , and stand upright ; for to you am i now sent . when he had spoken this word to me , i stood trembling .
then joram passed over to zair , and all his chariots with him : and he rose up by night , and struck the edomites who surrounded him , and the captains of the chariots ; and the people fled to their tents .
the elder and the honorable man is the head , and the prophet who teaches lies is the tail .
give diligence to present yourself approved by god , a workman who does n't need to be ashamed , properly handling the word of truth .
holding up the word of life ; that i may have something to boast in the day of christ , that i did n't run in vain nor labor in vain .
that the cities which huram had given to solomon , solomon built them , and caused the children of israel to dwell there .
give thanks to yahweh with the lyre . sing praises to him with the harp of ten strings .
gathering together all the chief priests and scribes of the people , he asked them where the christ would be born .
awake , sword , against my shepherd , and against the man who is close to me , says yahweh of armies . strike the shepherd , and the sheep will be scattered ; and i will turn my hand against the little ones .
when all israel saw that the king did n't listen to them , the people answered the king , saying , what portion have we in david ? neither have we inheritance in the son of jesse : to your tents , israel : now see to your own house , david . so israel departed to their tents .
now therefore take twelve men out of the tribes of israel , for every tribe a man .
they said to joshua , we are your servants . joshua said to them , who are you ? and from whence come you ?
remember now , yahweh , i beg you , how i have walked before you in truth and with a perfect heart , and have done that which is good in your sight . hezekiah wept sore .
for as through the one man 's disobedience many were made sinners , even so through the obedience of the one will many be made righteous .
and you shall give the money , with which the remainder of them is redeemed , to aaron and to his sons .
a devout man , and one who feared god with all his house , who gave gifts for the needy generously to the people , and always prayed to god .
he had a son , whose name was saul , an impressive young man ; and there was not among the children of israel a better person than he . from his shoulders and upward he was higher than any of the people .
samuel said to saul , why have you disquieted me , to bring me up ? saul answered , i am sore distressed ; for the philistines make war against me , and god is departed from me , and answers me no more , neither by prophets , nor by dreams : therefore i have called you , that you may make known to me what i shall do .
but jesus said to him , follow me , and leave the dead to bury their own dead .
now the word of yahweh came to jonah the son of amittai , saying ,
then will i make this house like shiloh , and will make this city a curse to all the nations of the earth .
my soul still remembers them , and is bowed down within me .
but david had brought the ark of god up from kiriath jearim to the place that david had prepared for it ; for he had pitched a tent for it at jerusalem .
to shine on those who sit in darkness and the shadow of death ; to guide our feet into the way of peace .
for i lift up my hand to heaven , and say , as i live forever ,
even a fool , when he keeps silent , is counted wise . when he shuts his lips , he is thought to be discerning .
also solomon sits on the throne of the kingdom .
the field , and the cave that is in it , were deeded to abraham for a possession of a burying place by the children of heth .
but when his heart was lifted up , and his spirit was hardened so that he dealt proudly , he was deposed from his kingly throne , and they took his glory from him :
jacob took to himself rods of fresh poplar , almond , plane tree , peeled white streaks in them , and made the white appear which was in the rods .
for such as are blessed by him shall inherit the land . those who are cursed by him shall be cut off .
there they were in great fear , for god is in the generation of the righteous .
he gave over their livestock also to the hail , and their flocks to hot thunderbolts .
it happened , in process of time , at the end of two years , that his bowels fell out by reason of his sickness , and he died of sore diseases . his people made no burning for him , like the burning of his fathers .
so then , my beloved , even as you have always obeyed , not only in my presence , but now much more in my absence , work out your own salvation with fear and trembling .
for on the first day of the first month began he to go up from babylon ; and on the first day of the fifth month came he to jerusalem , according to the good hand of his god on him .
go , and gather the elders of israel together , and tell them , yahweh , the god of your fathers , the god of abraham , of isaac , and of jacob , has appeared to me , saying , i have surely visited you , and seen that which is done to you in egypt ;
but he who hates his brother is in the darkness , and walks in the darkness , and does n't know where he is going , because the darkness has blinded his eyes .
the appointed charge of the sons of merari shall be the tabernacle 's boards , its bars , its pillars , its sockets , all its instruments , all its service ,
therefore neither the priests of dagon , nor any who come into dagon 's house , tread on the threshold of dagon in ashdod , to this day .
i am afraid for you , that i might have wasted my labor for you .
even the god who executes vengeance for me , who brings down peoples under me ,
and he said , if you will diligently listen to the voice of yahweh your god , and will do that which is right in his eyes , and will pay attention to his commandments , and keep all his statutes , i will put none of the diseases on you , which i have put on the egyptians ; for i am yahweh who heals you .
he made the altar of burnt offering of acacia wood . it was square . its length was five cubits , its breadth was five cubits , and its height was three cubits .
for thus says yahweh : like as i have brought all this great evil on this people , so will i bring on them all the good that i have promised them .
but i must die in this land , i must not go over the jordan ; but you shall go over , and possess that good land .
pharaoh said , i will let you go , that you may sacrifice to yahweh your god in the wilderness , only you shall not go very far away . pray for me .
these are the statutes and the ordinances which you shall observe to do in the land which yahweh , the god of your fathers , has given you to possess it , all the days that you live on the earth .
and their king will go into captivity , he and his princes together , says yahweh .
then job answered ,
the wicked shall be turned back to sheol , even all the nations that forget god .
for yahweh your god is he who goes with you , to fight for you against your enemies , to save you .
nevertheless you shall not build the house ; but your son who shall come forth out of your body , he shall build the house for my name .
there went forth a wind from yahweh , and brought quails from the sea , and let them fall by the camp , about a day 's journey on this side , and a day 's journey on the other side , round about the camp , and about two cubits above the surface of the earth .
hiram king of tyre sent messengers to david , and cedar trees , and masons , and carpenters , to build him a house .
yahweh is my light and my salvation . whom shall i fear ? yahweh is the strength of my life . of whom shall i be afraid ?
you shall not eat it ; that it may go well with you , and with your children after you , when you shall do that which is right in the eyes of yahweh .
beloved , do n't believe every spirit , but test the spirits , whether they are of god , because many false prophets have gone out into the world .
the cloud removed from over the tent ; and behold , miriam was leprous , as white as snow : and aaron looked at miriam , and behold , she was leprous .
wail , you shepherds , and cry ; and wallow in ashes , you principal of the flock ; for the days of your slaughter and of your dispersions are fully come , and you shall fall like a goodly vessel .
now i mean this , that each one of you says , i follow paul , i follow apollos , i follow cephas , and , i follow christ .
for thus says yahweh who created the heavens , the god who formed the earth and made it , who established it and did n't create it a waste , who formed it to be inhabited : i am yahweh ; and there is no one else .
if they be ashamed of all that they have done , make known to them the form of the house , and the fashion of it , and the exits of it , and the entrances of it , and all the forms of it , and all the ordinances of it , and all the forms of it , and all the laws of it ; and write it in their sight ; that they may keep the whole form of it , and all the ordinances of it , and do them .
they took every man his censer , and put fire in them , and laid incense thereon , and stood at the door of the tent of meeting with moses and aaron .
for they refreshed my spirit and yours . therefore acknowledge those who are like that .
woe to you ! for you build the tombs of the prophets , and your fathers killed them .
therefore , i tell you , do n't be anxious for your life : what you will eat , or what you will drink ; nor yet for your body , what you will wear . is n't life more than food , and the body more than clothing ?
what one nation in the earth is like your people israel , whom god went to redeem to himself for a people , to make you a name by great and awesome things , in driving out nations from before your people , whom you redeem out of egypt ?
david said to solomon his son , be strong and of good courage , and do it : do n't be afraid , nor be dismayed ; for yahweh god , even my god , is with you ; he will not fail you , nor forsake you , until all the work for the service of the house of yahweh is finished .
there was much murmuring among the multitudes concerning him . some said , he is a good man . others said , not so , but he leads the multitude astray .
it grieves me that i have set up saul to be king ; for he is turned back from following me , and has not performed my commandments . samuel was angry ; and he cried to yahweh all night .
the children of benjamin did not drive out the jebusites who inhabited jerusalem ; but the jebusites dwell with the children of benjamin in jerusalem to this day .
others , testing him , sought from him a sign from heaven .
she lay at his feet until the morning . she rose up before one could discern another . for he said , let it not be known that the woman came to the threshing floor .
now we know that you know all things , and do n't need for anyone to question you . by this we believe that you came forth from god .
he said to them , go and tell that fox , behold , i cast out demons and perform cures today and tomorrow , and the third day i complete my mission .
you came down also on mount sinai , and spoke with them from heaven , and gave them right ordinances and true laws , good statutes and commandments ,
thus shall you say to the prophet , what has yahweh answered you ? and , what has yahweh spoken ?
then the king of israel called an officer , and said , get quickly micaiah the son of imla .
that they may know from the rising of the sun , and from the west , that there is none besides me : i am yahweh , and there is no one else .
all your enemies have opened their mouth wide against you ; they hiss and gnash the teeth ; they say , we have swallowed her up ; certainly this is the day that we looked for ; we have found , we have seen it .
but all these things are the beginning of birth pains .
he brought aaron 's sons ; and moses put some of the blood on the tip of their right ear , and on the thumb of their right hand , and on the great toe of their right foot ; and moses sprinkled the blood on the altar round about .
those who were numbered of them , according to the number of all the males , from a month old and upward , were six thousand two hundred .
god 's temple that is in heaven was opened , and the ark of the lord 's covenant was seen in his temple . lightnings , sounds , thunders , an earthquake , and great hail followed .
suddenly looking around , they saw no one with them any more , except jesus only .
for the head of syria is damascus , and the head of damascus is rezin ; and within sixty - five years ephraim shall be broken in pieces , so that it shall not be a people ;
the priest shall examine him on the seventh day . if it has spread in the skin , then the priest shall pronounce him unclean . it is the plague of leprosy .
in a controversy they shall stand to judge ; according to my ordinances shall they judge it : and they shall keep my laws and my statutes in all my appointed feasts ; and they shall make my sabbaths holy .
and he went down with them , and came to nazareth . he was subject to them , and his mother kept all these sayings in her heart .
for we will not inherit with them on the other side of the jordan , and forward ; because our inheritance is fallen to us on this side of the jordan eastward .
surely i would speak to the almighty . i desire to reason with god .
they said , yahweh , the god of israel , why has this happened in israel , that there should be today one tribe lacking in israel ?
for when they went up to the valley of eshcol , and saw the land , they discouraged the heart of the children of israel , that they should not go into the land which yahweh had given them .
on the south side shall be the standard of the camp of reuben according to their divisions . the prince of the children of reuben shall be elizur the son of shedeur .
notwithstanding hezekiah humbled himself for the pride of his heart , both he and the inhabitants of jerusalem , so that the wrath of yahweh did n't come on them in the days of hezekiah .
if the avenger of blood pursue after him , then they shall not deliver up the manslayer into his hand ; because he struck his neighbor unawares , and did n't hate him before .
when one told me , saying , behold , saul is dead , thinking to have brought good news , i took hold of him , and killed him in ziklag , which was the reward i gave him for his news .
you shall make them linen breeches to cover the flesh of their nakedness ; from the waist even to the thighs they shall reach :
you make us a byword among the nations , a shaking of the head among the peoples .
solomon sought therefore to kill jeroboam ; but jeroboam arose , and fled into egypt , to shishak king of egypt , and was in egypt until the death of solomon .
this is what yahweh of armies says : these people say , the time has n't yet come , the time for yahweh 's house to be built . '
they struck of moab at that time about ten thousand men , every lusty man , and every man of valor ; and there escaped not a man .
blessed be yahweh , my rock , who teaches my hands to war , and my fingers to battle :
you , son of man , prophesy , and say , thus says the lord yahweh concerning the children of ammon , and concerning their reproach ; and say you , a sword , a sword is drawn , for the slaughter it is furbished , to cause it to devour , that it may be as lightning ;
jehoash slept with his fathers , and was buried in samaria with the kings of israel ; and jeroboam his son reigned in his place .
of it he shall offer one out of each offering for a heave offering to yahweh . it shall be the priest 's who sprinkles the blood of the peace offerings .
when we had sailed slowly many days , and had come with difficulty opposite cnidus , the wind not allowing us further , we sailed under the lee of crete , opposite salmone .
the people , the princes of gilead , said one to another , what man is he who will begin to fight against the children of ammon ? he shall be head over all the inhabitants of gilead .
but the men would n't listen to him : so the man laid hold on his concubine , and brought her forth to them ; and they knew her , and abused her all the night until the morning : and when the day began to spring , they let her go .
so he called them in and lodged them . on the next day peter arose and went out with them , and some of the brothers from joppa accompanied him .
it happened on the next day , that moses went into the tent of the testimony ; and behold , the rod of aaron for the house of levi was budded , and put forth buds , and produced blossoms , and bore ripe almonds .
the days that david reigned over israel were forty years ; seven years reigned he in hebron , and thirty - three years reigned he in jerusalem .
when david inquired of yahweh , he said , you shall not go up : make a circuit behind them , and come on them over against the mulberry trees .
therefore , as sin entered into the world through one man , and death through sin ; and so death passed to all men , because all sinned .
so are the paths of all who forget god . the hope of the godless man shall perish ,
the tombs were opened , and many bodies of the saints who had fallen asleep were raised ;
i , behold , i have appointed with him oholiab , the son of ahisamach , of the tribe of dan ; and in the heart of all who are wise - hearted i have put wisdom , that they may make all that i have commanded you :
yahweh said to joshua , this day have i rolled away the reproach of egypt from off you . therefore the name of that place was called gilgal , to this day .
you have enlarged my steps under me , my feet have not slipped .
cursed be the man who brought news to my father , saying , a boy is born to you ; making him very glad .
now herod was very angry with the people of tyre and sidon . they came with one accord to him , and , having made blastus , the king 's chamberlain , their friend , they asked for peace , because their country depended on the king 's country for food .
take the rod , and assemble the congregation , you , and aaron your brother , and speak you to the rock before their eyes , that it give forth its water ; and you shall bring forth to them water out of the rock ; so you shall give the congregation and their livestock drink .
they arose out of midian , and came to paran ; and they took men with them out of paran , and they came to egypt , to pharaoh king of egypt , who gave him a house , and appointed him food , and gave him land .
he who becomes the father of a fool grieves . the father of a fool has no joy .
they talked with each other about all of these things which had happened .
for because you did n't carry it at the first , yahweh our god made a breach on us , because we did n't seek him according to the ordinance .
also he made before the house two pillars of thirty - five cubits high , and the capital that was on the top of each of them was five cubits .
samuel said to the cook , bring the portion which i gave you , of which i said to you , set it by you .
he said to him , i also am a prophet as you are ; and an angel spoke to me by the word of yahweh , saying , bring him back with you into your house , that he may eat bread and drink water . but he lied to him .
but i have this against you , that you left your first love .
as do mark , aristarchus , demas , and luke , my fellow workers .
around the throne were twenty - four thrones . on the thrones were twenty - four elders sitting , dressed in white garments , with crowns of gold on their heads .
by wisdom yahweh founded the earth . by understanding , he established the heavens .
so they came and called to the porter of the city ; and they told them , saying , we came to the camp of the syrians , and , behold , there was no man there , neither voice of man , but the horses tied , and the donkeys tied , and the tents as they were .
for the kingdom of heaven is like a man who was the master of a household , who went out early in the morning to hire laborers for his vineyard .
they prayed , and said , you , lord , who know the hearts of all men , show which one of these two you have chosen
they shall know that i am yahweh , when i shall disperse them among the nations , and scatter them through the countries .
and whatever you do , work heartily , as for the lord , and not for men ,
remember the former things of old : for i am god , and there is none else ; i am god , and there is none like me ;
they roasted the passover with fire according to the ordinance : and the holy offerings boiled they in pots , and in caldrons , and in pans , and carried them quickly to all the children of the people .
when asa heard these words , and the prophecy of oded the prophet , he took courage , and put away the abominations out of all the land of judah and benjamin , and out of the cities which he had taken from the hill country of ephraim ; and he renewed the altar of yahweh , that was before the porch of yahweh .
then stood up jeshua the son of jozadak , and his brothers the priests , and zerubbabel the son of shealtiel , and his brothers , and built the altar of the god of israel , to offer burnt offerings thereon , as it is written in the law of moses the man of god .
how then was it counted ? when he was in circumcision , or in uncircumcision ? not in circumcision , but in uncircumcision .
the people grieved for benjamin , because that yahweh had made a breach in the tribes of israel .
now the feast of unleavened bread , which is called the passover , drew near .
remember , yahweh , against the children of edom , the day of jerusalem ; who said , raze it ! raze it even to its foundation !
yet he has no root in himself , but endures for a while . when oppression or persecution arises because of the word , immediately he stumbles .
god said , let the waters under the sky be gathered together to one place , and let the dry land appear , and it was so .
you shall be blessed above all peoples : there shall not be male or female barren among you , or among your livestock .
when david came to ziklag , he sent of the spoil to the elders of judah , even to his friends , saying , behold , a present for you of the spoil of the enemies of yahweh :
the philistines gathered themselves together , and came and encamped in shunem : and saul gathered all israel together , and they encamped in gilboa .
every base had four brazen wheels , and axles of brass ; and the four feet of it had supports : beneath the basin were the supports molten , with wreaths at the side of each .
after you shall arise another kingdom inferior to you ; and another third kingdom of brass , which shall bear rule over all the earth .
these twenty years i have been with you . your ewes and your female goats have not cast their young , and i have n't eaten the rams of your flocks .
he killed it ; and moses took the blood , and put it on the horns of the altar round about with his finger , and purified the altar , and poured out the blood at the base of the altar , and sanctified it , to make atonement for it .
hannah prayed , and said : my heart exults in yahweh ; my horn is exalted in yahweh ; my mouth is enlarged over my enemies ; because i rejoice in your salvation .
( that also is accounted a land of rephaim : rephaim lived therein before ; but the ammonites call them zamzummim ,
be careful therefore how you hear . for whoever has , to him will be given ; and whoever does n't have , from him will be taken away even that which he thinks he has .
moreover he who goes into the house while it is shut up shall be unclean until the evening .
the word of yahweh came expressly to ezekiel the priest , the son of buzi , in the land of the chaldeans by the river chebar ; and the hand of yahweh was there on him .
when evening came , they brought to him many possessed with demons . he cast out the spirits with a word , and healed all who were sick ;
they said , the lord needs it .
but he was angry , and would not go in . therefore his father came out , and begged him .
you shall set up the court around it , and hang up the screen of the gate of the court .
he said , thus says yahweh , make this valley full of trenches .
he went his way , and began to proclaim in decapolis how jesus had done great things for him , and everyone marveled .
it happened at that time , when jeroboam went out of jerusalem , that the prophet ahijah the shilonite found him in the way ; now ahijah had clad himself with a new garment ; and they two were alone in the field .
thus says the lord yahweh : because moab and seir say , behold , the house of judah is like all the nations ;
nadab and abihu died before yahweh , when they offered strange fire before yahweh , in the wilderness of sinai , and they had no children . eleazar and ithamar ministered in the priest 's office in the presence of aaron their father .
blessed is the man who makes yahweh his trust , and does n't respect the proud , nor such as turn aside to lies .
in these days , peter stood up in the midst of the disciples ( and the number of names was about one hundred twenty ) , and said ,
he went out from there . he came into his own country , and his disciples followed him .
i know what i will do , so that when i am removed from management , they may receive me into their houses . '
what is it then ? i will pray with the spirit , and i will pray with the understanding also . i will sing with the spirit , and i will sing with the understanding also .
then after a period of fourteen years i went up again to jerusalem with barnabas , taking titus also with me .
you shall write them on the door posts of your house , and on your gates .
the archers have sorely grieved him , shot at him , and persecute him :
so i stood beside him , and killed him , because i was sure that he could not live after that he was fallen : and i took the crown that was on his head , and the bracelet that was on his arm , and have brought them here to my lord .
remember that you magnify his work , whereof men have sung .
immediately in the synagogues he proclaimed the christ , that he is the son of god .
for as the rain comes down and the snow from the sky , and does n't return there , but waters the earth , and makes it bring forth and bud , and gives seed to the sower and bread to the eater ;
i tell you that even so there will be more joy in heaven over one sinner who repents , than over ninety - nine righteous people who need no repentance .
this , your stature , is like a palm tree , your breasts like its fruit .
see how good and how pleasant it is for brothers to live together in unity !
the grace of the lord jesus christ be with you .
you have clothed me with skin and flesh , and knit me together with bones and sinews .
nor to build houses for us to dwell in ; neither have we vineyard , nor field , nor seed :
i am the god of bethel , where you anointed a pillar , where you vowed a vow to me . now arise , get out from this land , and return to the land of your birth .
the king of israel said to jehoshaphat , did n't i tell you that he would not prophesy good concerning me , but evil ?
only to the land of the children of ammon you did n't come near ; all the side of the river jabbok , and the cities of the hill country , and wherever yahweh our god forbade us .
are you the first man who was born ? or were you brought forth before the hills ?
prepare you war against her ; arise , and let us go up at noon . woe to us ! for the day declines , for the shadows of the evening are stretched out .
paul stayed two whole years in his own rented house , and received all who were coming to him ,
yet you shall be brought down to sheol , to the depths of the pit .
saying , to you i will give the land of canaan , the lot of your inheritance ;
but i will leave in the midst of you an afflicted and poor people , and they will take refuge in the name of yahweh .
he found in the temple those who sold oxen , sheep , and doves , and the changers of money sitting .
they came again to jerusalem , and as he was walking in the temple , the chief priests , and the scribes , and the elders came to him ,
it happened , as soon as he had made an end of offering the burnt offering , that jehu said to the guard and to the captains , go in , and kill them ; let none come forth . they struck them with the edge of the sword ; and the guard and the captains cast them out , and went to the city of the house of baal .
they shall know that i am yahweh their god , who brought them forth out of the land of egypt , that i might dwell among them : i am yahweh their god .
those who were numbered of the families of the sons of merari , by their families , by their fathers ' houses ,
if fire breaks out , and catches in thorns so that the shocks of grain , or the standing grain , or the field are consumed ; he who kindled the fire shall surely make restitution .
the consecrated things were six hundred oxen and three thousand sheep .
( he had not consented to their counsel and deed ) , from arimathaea , a city of the jews , who was also waiting for the kingdom of god :
the child grew , and was weaned . abraham made a great feast on the day that isaac was weaned .
when aaron and his sons have finished covering the sanctuary , and all the furniture of the sanctuary , as the camp moves forward ; after that , the sons of kohath shall come to carry it : but they shall not touch the sanctuary , lest they die . these things are the burden of the sons of kohath in the tent of meeting .
elijah answered to the captain of fifty , if i be a man of god , let fire come down from the sky , and consume you and your fifty . fire came down from the sky , and consumed him and his fifty .
all the days of his vow of separation there shall no razor come on his head , until the days are fulfilled , in which he separates himself to yahweh . he shall be holy . he shall let the locks of the hair of his head grow long .
it stood still , but i could n't discern the appearance of it ; a form was before my eyes . silence , then i heard a voice , saying ,
the children of dan went their way : and when micah saw that they were too strong for him , he turned and went back to his house .
our elders and all the inhabitants of our country spoke to us , saying , take provision in your hand for the journey , and go to meet them , and tell them , we are your servants : and now make you a covenant with us .
being assembled together with them , he charged them , do n't depart from jerusalem , but wait for the promise of the father , which you heard from me .
they will see his face , and his name will be on their foreheads .
salt is good , but if the salt becomes flat and tasteless , with what do you season it ?
moses spoke so to the children of israel , but they did n't listen to moses for anguish of spirit , and for cruel bondage .
then she came and told the man of god . he said , go , sell the oil , and pay your debt , and live you and your sons of the rest .
we toil , working with our own hands . when people curse us , we bless . being persecuted , we endure .
i saw something like a sea of glass mixed with fire , and those who overcame the beast , his image , and the number of his name , standing on the sea of glass , having harps of god .
indignation has taken hold on me , because of the wicked who forsake your law .
jehoiada made a covenant between himself , and all the people , and the king , that they should be yahweh 's people .
so that we ourselves boast about you in the assemblies of god for your patience and faith in all your persecutions and in the afflictions which you endure .
you seed of abraham , his servant , you children of jacob , his chosen ones .
they took all the spoil , and all the prey , both of man and of animal .
moreover i said to the king , if it please the king , let letters be given me to the governors beyond the river , that they may let me pass through until i come to judah ;
but the king spared mephibosheth , the son of jonathan the son of saul , because of yahweh 's oath that was between them , between david and jonathan the son of saul .
then he sent out a second on horseback , who came to them , and said , thus says the king , is it peace ? jehu answered , what have you to do with peace ? turn you behind me .
the people got them by stealth that day into the city , as people who are ashamed steal away when they flee in battle .
his going forth is from the end of the heavens , his circuit to its ends ; there is nothing hidden from its heat .
they think it is strange that you do n't run with them into the same excess of riot , blaspheming :
then peter , turning around , saw a disciple following . this was the disciple whom jesus sincerely loved , the one who had also leaned on jesus ' breast at the supper and asked , lord , who is going to betray you ?
it happened when jesus had finished these words , he departed from galilee , and came into the borders of judea beyond the jordan .
the breadth of the entrance was ten cubits ; and the sides of the entrance were five cubits on the one side , and five cubits on the other side : and he measured the length of it , forty cubits , and the breadth , twenty cubits .
to the jews i became as a jew , that i might gain jews ; to those who are under the law , as under the law , that i might gain those who are under the law ;
then jesus said , i will be with you a little while longer , then i go to him who sent me .
that i may take the house of israel in their own heart , because they are all estranged from me through their idols .
i will walk before yahweh in the land of the living .
this shall be the priests ' due from the people , from those who offer a sacrifice , whether it be ox or sheep , that they shall give to the priest the shoulder , and the two cheeks , and the maw .
and i , and all the people who are with me , will approach to the city . it shall happen , when they come out against us , as at the first , that we will flee before them ;
they swore to yahweh with a loud voice , and with shouting , and with trumpets , and with cornets .
you shall not take vengeance , nor bear any grudge against the children of your people ; but you shall love your neighbor as yourself . i am yahweh .
let us therefore draw near with boldness to the throne of grace , that we may receive mercy , and may find grace for help in time of need .
they cried out , away with him ! away with him ! crucify him ! pilate said to them , shall i crucify your king ? the chief priests answered , we have no king but caesar !
can the papyrus grow up without mire ? can the rushes grow without water ?
yahweh your god has multiplied you , and behold , you are this day as the stars of the sky for multitude .
when a great argument arose , the commanding officer , fearing that paul would be torn in pieces by them , commanded the soldiers to go down and take him by force from among them , and bring him into the barracks .
six days you shall gather it , but on the seventh day is the sabbath . in it there shall be none .
but that the world may know that i love the father , and as the father commanded me , even so i do . arise , let us go from here .
he took and put the testimony into the ark , and set the poles on the ark , and put the mercy seat above on the ark .
but if you will not listen to us , to be circumcised , then we will take our sister , and we will be gone .
i will incline my ear to a proverb . i will open my riddle on the harp .
babylon has been a golden cup in yahweh 's hand , who made all the earth drunken : the nations have drunk of her wine ; therefore the nations are mad .
for her sins have reached to the sky , and god has remembered her iniquities .
righteousness will be the belt of his waist , and faithfulness the belt of his waist .
your two breasts are like two fawns that are twins of a roe , which feed among the lilies .
yahweh said to me , take a large tablet , and write on it with a man 's pen , for maher shalal hash baz ; '
joseph commanded his servants , the physicians , to embalm his father ; and the physicians embalmed israel .
yahweh said to moses , stretch out your hand over the land of egypt for the locusts , that they may come up on the land of egypt , and eat every herb of the land , even all that the hail has left .
i will utter my judgments against them touching all their wickedness , in that they have forsaken me , and have burned incense to other gods , and worshiped the works of their own hands .
yes , when i cry , and call for help , he shuts out my prayer .
and they found him , and told him , everyone is looking for you .
for i most assuredly , as being absent in body but present in spirit , have already , as though i were present , judged him who has done this thing .
saying to aaron , make us gods that will go before us , for as for this moses , who led us out of the land of egypt , we do n't know what has become of him . '
your way , god , is in the sanctuary . what god is great like god ?
god said to noah , this is the token of the covenant which i have established between me and all flesh that is on the earth .
do n't let kindness and truth forsake you . bind them around your neck . write them on the tablet of your heart .
and i will bring back all the people to you : the man whom you seek is as if all returned : so all the people shall be in peace .
and had taken captive the women and all who were therein , both small and great : they did n't kill any , but carried them off , and went their way .
give no occasions for stumbling , either to jews , or to greeks , or to the assembly of god ;
listen you to the petitions of your servant , and of your people israel , when they shall pray toward this place : yes , hear from your dwelling place , even from heaven ; and when you hear , forgive .
nor did i go up to jerusalem to those who were apostles before me , but i went away into arabia . then i returned to damascus .
then said jonathan to david , whatever your soul desires , i will even do it for you .
god has shown himself in her citadels as a refuge .
so he made two doors of olive wood ; and he carved on them carvings of cherubim and palm trees and open flowers , and overlaid them with gold ; and he spread the gold on the cherubim , and on the palm trees .
he will judge among the nations . he will heap up dead bodies . he will crush the ruler of the whole earth .
take aaron and his sons with him , and the garments , and the anointing oil , and the bull of the sin offering , and the two rams , and the basket of unleavened bread ;
but every woman praying or prophesying with her head unveiled dishonors her head . for it is one and the same thing as if she were shaved .
but we will bless yah , from this time forth and forevermore . praise yah !
besides the continual burnt offering , and the meal offering of it , you shall offer them ( they shall be to you without blemish ) , and their drink offerings .
he sings before men , and says , i have sinned , and perverted that which was right , and it did n't profit me .
now consider this , you who forget god , lest i tear you into pieces , and there be none to deliver .
if a man have committed a sin worthy of death , and he be put to death , and you hang him on a tree ;
thus he said , the fourth animal shall be a fourth kingdom on earth , which shall be diverse from all the kingdoms , and shall devour the whole earth , and shall tread it down , and break it in pieces .
if your father miss me at all , then say , david earnestly asked leave of me that he might run to bethlehem his city ; for it is the yearly sacrifice there for all the family .
lord , how long will you look on ? rescue my soul from their destruction , my precious life from the lions .
again , i write a new commandment to you , which is true in him and in you ; because the darkness is passing away , and the true light already shines .
the men of nineveh will stand up in the judgment with this generation , and will condemn it , for they repented at the preaching of jonah ; and behold , someone greater than jonah is here .
they rose up in the morning early , and worshiped before yahweh , and returned , and came to their house to ramah : and elkanah knew hannah his wife ; and yahweh remembered her .
sing , heavens ; and be joyful , earth ; and break forth into singing , mountains : for yahweh has comforted his people , and will have compassion on his afflicted .
yahweh said to him , go down and you shall bring aaron up with you , but do n't let the priests and the people break through to come up to yahweh , lest he break forth on them .
then there were two robbers crucified with him , one on his right hand and one on the left .
after the two days he went out from there and went into galilee .
why was n't this ointment sold for three hundred denarii , and given to the poor ?
as you still exalt yourself against my people , that you wo n't let them go .
then i came to them of the captivity at tel aviv , that lived by the river chebar , and to where they lived ; and i sat there overwhelmed among them seven days .
for he knew him who would betray him , therefore he said , you are not all clean .
it happened , when moses came down from mount sinai with the two tablets of the testimony in moses ' hand , when he came down from the mountain , that moses did n't know that the skin of his face shone by reason of his speaking with him .
but he does n't know that the dead are there , that her guests are in the depths of sheol .
not only is there danger that this our trade come into disrepute , but also that the temple of the great goddess artemis will be counted as nothing , and her majesty destroyed , whom all asia and the world worships .
therefore when the lord knew that the pharisees had heard that jesus was making and baptizing more disciples than john
surely the lord yahweh will do nothing , unless he reveals his secret to his servants the prophets .
many times he delivered them , but they were rebellious in their counsel , and were brought low in their iniquity .
phinehas the son of eleazar was ruler over them in time past , and yahweh was with him .
the work of the bases was on this manner : they had panels ; and there were panels between the ledges ;
only you shall not eat its blood ; you shall pour it out on the ground as water .
saul said , blessed be you of yahweh ; for you have had compassion on me .
but the wise answered , saying , what if there is n't enough for us and you ? you go rather to those who sell , and buy for yourselves . '
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
they open their mouths wide against me , lions tearing prey and roaring .
he did n't lay his hand on the nobles of the children of israel . they saw god , and ate and drank .
those who are perverse in heart are an abomination to yahweh , but those whose ways are blameless are his delight .
yahweh spoke to gad , david 's seer , saying ,
let them praise yahweh for his loving kindness , for his wonderful works for the children of men !
the third lot came up for the children of zebulun according to their families ; and the border of their inheritance was to sarid ;
it happened , when he had come , that he blew a trumpet in the hill country of ephraim ; and the children of israel went down with him from the hill country , and he before them .
i have called to you . save me ! i will obey your statutes .
this is how you shall make it . the length of the ark will be three hundred cubits , the breadth of it fifty cubits , and the height of it thirty cubits .
whether it has gored a son or has gored a daughter , according to this judgment it shall be done to him .
yahweh heard the voice of your words , when you spoke to me ; and yahweh said to me , i have heard the voice of the words of this people , which they have spoken to you : they have well said all that they have spoken .
if he be able to fight with me , and kill me , then will we be your servants ; but if i prevail against him , and kill him , then shall you be our servants , and serve us .
and hope does n't disappoint us , because god 's love has been poured out into our hearts through the holy spirit who was given to us .
but to you , yahweh , i have cried . in the morning , my prayer comes before you .
but you , son of man , hear what i tell you ; do n't be you rebellious like that rebellious house : open your mouth , and eat that which i give you .
while the children of israel were in the wilderness , they found a man gathering sticks on the sabbath day .
but of which of the angels has he said at any time , sit at my right hand , until i make your enemies the footstool of your feet ?
all of them come for violence . their hordes face the desert . he gathers prisoners like sand .
he was returning and sitting in his chariot , and was reading the prophet isaiah .
as for those of you who are left , i will send a faintness into their hearts in the lands of their enemies : and the sound of a driven leaf will put them to flight ; and they shall flee , as one flees from the sword ; and they will fall when no one pursues .
he did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh : he did n't depart all his days from the sins of jeroboam the son of nebat , with which he made israel to sin .
but put forth your hand now , and touch all that he has , and he will renounce you to your face .
and tore the kingdom away from the house of david , and gave it you ; and yet you have not been as my servant david , who kept my commandments , and who followed me with all his heart , to do that only which was right in my eyes ,
you shall see the affliction of my habitation , in all the wealth which god shall give israel ; and there shall not be an old man in your house forever .
samaria and her king float away , like a twig on the water .
the leach has two daughters : give , give . ' there are three things that are never satisfied ; four that do n't say , enough : '
so he arose and went to zarephath ; and when he came to the gate of the city , behold , a widow was there gathering sticks : and he called to her , and said , please get me a little water in a vessel , that i may drink .
they shall keep all the furnishings of the tent of meeting , and the obligations of the children of israel , to do the service of the tabernacle .
now it happened , after that amaziah was come from the slaughter of the edomites , that he brought the gods of the children of seir , and set them up to be his gods , and bowed down himself before them , and burned incense to them .
i applied my heart to know wisdom , and to know madness and folly . i perceived that this also was a chasing after wind .
have n't you , god , rejected us ? you do n't go out with our armies , god .
micah said to him , whence come you ? he said to him , i am a levite of bethlehem judah , and i go to sojourn where i may find a place .
then stood up on the stairs of the levites , jeshua , and bani , kadmiel , shebaniah , bunni , sherebiah , bani , and chenani , and cried with a loud voice to yahweh their god .
these are the words of the covenant which yahweh commanded moses to make with the children of israel in the land of moab , besides the covenant which he made with them in horeb .
the winepress was trodden outside of the city , and blood came out from the winepress , even to the bridles of the horses , as far as one thousand six hundred stadia .
yahweh spoke to joshua , saying ,
they came to a place which was named gethsemane . he said to his disciples , sit here , while i pray .
the king made of the algum trees terraces for the house of yahweh , and for the king 's house , and harps and psalteries for the singers : and there were none such seen before in the land of judah .
then said zedekiah to jeremiah , let no man know of these words , and you shall not die .
oh , send out your light and your truth . let them lead me . let them bring me to your holy hill , to your tents .
he has shown his people the power of his works , in giving them the heritage of the nations .
in the third year of cyrus king of persia a thing was revealed to daniel , whose name was called belteshazzar ; and the thing was true , even a great warfare : and he understood the thing , and had understanding of the vision .
god will likewise destroy you forever . he will take you up , and pluck you out of your tent , and root you out of the land of the living . selah .
we made a raid on the south of the cherethites , and on that which belongs to judah , and on the south of caleb ; and we burned ziklag with fire .
do n't say , a conspiracy ! ' concerning all about which this people say , a conspiracy ! ' neither fear their threats , nor be terrorized .
who alone has immortality , dwelling in unapproachable light ; whom no man has seen , nor can see : to whom be honor and eternal power . amen .
for i will send pestilence into her , and blood into her streets ; and the wounded shall fall in the midst of her , with the sword on her on every side ; and they shall know that i am yahweh .
the haters of yahweh would cringe before him , and their punishment would last forever .
hear my voice , god , in my complaint . preserve my life from fear of the enemy .
when the voice came , jesus was found alone . they were silent , and told no one in those days any of the things which they had seen .
gave his offering : one silver platter , the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels , one silver bowl of seventy shekels , after the shekel of the sanctuary ; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering ;
who serve a copy and shadow of the heavenly things , even as moses was warned by god when he was about to make the tabernacle , for he said , see , you shall make everything according to the pattern that was shown to you on the mountain .
it will be , that every soul that will not listen to that prophet will be utterly destroyed from among the people . '
yahweh said to moses , i will do this thing also that you have spoken ; for you have found favor in my sight , and i know you by name .
he did n't allow him , but said to him , go to your house , to your friends , and tell them what great things the lord has done for you , and how he had mercy on you .
set up road signs , make guideposts ; set your heart toward the highway , even the way by which you went : turn again , virgin of israel , turn again to these your cities .
the merciful man does good to his own soul , but he who is cruel troubles his own flesh .
the men of his city , even the elders and the nobles who lived in his city , did as jezebel had sent to them , according as it was written in the letters which she had sent to them .
but if you had known what this means , i desire mercy , and not sacrifice , ' you would not have condemned the guiltless .
who has declared it from the beginning , that we may know ? and before , that we may say , he is right ? ' surely , there is no one who declares . surely , there is no one who shows . surely , there is no one who hears your words .
now when jesus was in bethany , in the house of simon the leper ,
while they still did n't believe for joy , and wondered , he said to them , do you have anything here to eat ?
ascribe to yahweh , you relatives of the peoples , ascribe to yahweh glory and strength ;
she said to them , thus says yahweh , the god of israel : tell you the man who sent you to me ,
he saw a certain poor widow casting in two small brass coins .
yahweh said to me , take for yourself yet again the equipment of a foolish shepherd .
he raises his hands against his friends . he has violated his covenant .
joshua sent men from jericho to ai , which is beside beth aven , on the east side of bethel , and spoke to them , saying , go up and spy out the land . the men went up and spied out ai .
when i tried to understand this , it was too painful for me ;
he said to them , this kind can come out by nothing , except by prayer and fasting .
against him came up nebuchadnezzar king of babylon , and bound him in fetters , to carry him to babylon .
in that day , says yahweh , i will assemble that which is lame , and i will gather that which is driven away , and that which i have afflicted ;
i know how to be humbled , and i know also how to abound . in everything and in all things i have learned the secret both to be filled and to be hungry , both to abound and to be in need .
i heard , and my body trembled . my lips quivered at the voice . rottenness enters into my bones , and i tremble in my place , because i must wait quietly for the day of trouble , for the coming up of the people who invade us .
it happened in those days , that jesus came from nazareth of galilee , and was baptized by john in the jordan .
the jailer , being roused out of sleep and seeing the prison doors open , drew his sword and was about to kill himself , supposing that the prisoners had escaped .
it happened in the eleventh year , in the first day of the month , that the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
behold , then i would wander far off . i would lodge in the wilderness . selah .
salvation from our enemies , and from the hand of all who hate us ;
so samuel brought all the tribes of israel near , and the tribe of benjamin was taken .
the enemy is overtaken by endless ruin . the very memory of the cities which you have overthrown has perished .
see you how ahab humbles himself before me ? because he humbles himself before me , i will not bring the evil in his days ; but in his son 's days will i bring the evil on his house .
how is sheshach taken ! and the praise of the whole earth seized ! how is babylon become a desolation among the nations !
in his right hand was the divination for jerusalem , to set battering rams , to open the mouth in the slaughter , to lift up the voice with shouting , to set battering rams against the gates , to cast up mounds , to build forts .
therefore martha said to jesus , lord , if you would have been here , my brother would n't have died .
the seventh angel sounded , and great voices in heaven followed , saying , the kingdom of the world has become the kingdom of our lord , and of his christ . he will reign forever and ever !
of the children of dan , their generations , by their families , by their fathers ' houses , according to the number of the names , from twenty years old and upward , all who were able to go forth to war ;
because of the ground which is cracked , because no rain has been in the land , the plowmen are disappointed , they cover their heads .
then you shall sound the loud trumpet on the tenth day of the seventh month . on the day of atonement you shall sound the trumpet throughout all your land .
it happened after a while , that the brook dried up , because there was no rain in the land .
yes , if you call out for discernment , and lift up your voice for understanding ;
they chose new gods ; then was war in the gates : was there a shield or spear seen among forty thousand in israel ?
yahweh said to gideon , by the three hundred men who lapped will i save you , and deliver the midianites into your hand ; and let all the people go every man to his place .
this continued for two years , so that all those who lived in asia heard the word of the lord jesus , both jews and greeks .
then eli answered , go in peace ; and the god of israel grant your petition that you have asked of him .
he looked this way and that way , and when he saw that there was no one , he killed the egyptian , and hid him in the sand .
for this cause , brothers , we were comforted over you in all our distress and affliction through your faith .
behold , a man from the crowd called out , saying , teacher , i beg you to look at my son , for he is my only child .
that the name of our lord jesus may be glorified in you , and you in him , according to the grace of our god and the lord jesus christ .
for in this mountain the hand of yahweh will rest . moab will be trodden down in his place , even like straw is trodden down in the water of the dunghill .
have n't i commanded you ? be strong and of good courage ; do n't be afraid , neither be dismayed : for yahweh your god is with you wherever you go .
then sang deborah and barak the son of abinoam on that day , saying ,
whoever touches anything that was under him shall be unclean until the evening . he who carries those things shall wash his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and be unclean until the evening .
whom not having known you love ; in whom , though now you do n't see him , yet believing , you rejoice greatly with joy unspeakable and full of glory
i will shoot three arrows on the side of it , as though i shot at a mark .
then the five men who went to spy out the country of laish answered , and said to their brothers , do you know that there is in these houses an ephod , and teraphim , and an engraved image , and a molten image ? now therefore consider what you have to do .
there is a grievous evil which i have seen under the sun : wealth kept by its owner to his harm .
out of his mouth go burning torches , sparks of fire leap forth .
he sent a man before them . joseph was sold for a slave .
do n't desire the night , when people are cut off in their place .
and say , thus says the lord yahweh : a great eagle with great wings and long feathers , full of feathers , which had various colors , came to lebanon , and took the top of the cedar :
adam was n't deceived , but the woman , being deceived , has fallen into disobedience ;
he said to them , is it well with him ? they said , it is well . see , rachel , his daughter , is coming with the sheep .
that day is a day of wrath , a day of distress and anguish , a day of trouble and ruin , a day of darkness and gloom , a day of clouds and blackness ,
go up into gilead , and take balm , virgin daughter of egypt : in vain do you use many medicines ; there is no healing for you .
the destroyer shall come on every city , and no city shall escape ; the valley also shall perish , and the plain shall be destroyed ; as yahweh has spoken .
it happened at the end of three years , that two of the servants of shimei ran away to achish , son of maacah , king of gath . they told shimei , saying , behold , your servants are in gath .
for neither from the east , nor from the west , nor yet from the south , comes exaltation .
david longed , and said , oh that one would give me water to drink of the well of bethlehem , which is by the gate !
when forty years were fulfilled , an angel of the lord appeared to him in the wilderness of mount sinai , in a flame of fire in a bush .
sixteen years old was he when he began to reign ; and he reigned fifty - two years in jerusalem : and his mother 's name was jecoliah of jerusalem .
but you shall offer an offering made by fire , a burnt offering to yahweh : two young bulls , and one ram , and seven male lambs a year old ; they shall be to you without blemish ;
do n't you know that your bodies are members of christ ? shall i then take the members of christ , and make them members of a prostitute ? may it never be !
then menahem struck tiphsah , and all who were therein , and the borders of it , from tirzah : because they did n't open to him , therefore he struck it ; and all the women therein who were with child he ripped up .
for where two or three are gathered together in my name , there i am in the midst of them .
therefore they called these days purim , after the name of pur . therefore because of all the words of this letter , and of that which they had seen concerning this matter , and that which had come to them ,
now in the fifth month , on the seventh day of the month , which was the nineteenth year of king nebuchadnezzar , king of babylon , came nebuzaradan the captain of the guard , a servant of the king of babylon , to jerusalem .
he took the twelve aside , and said to them , behold , we are going up to jerusalem , and all the things that are written through the prophets concerning the son of man will be completed .
david was afraid of yahweh that day ; and he said , how shall the ark of yahweh come to me ?
his bones are like tubes of brass . his limbs are like bars of iron .
it was so , when elisha the man of god heard that the king of israel had torn his clothes , that he sent to the king , saying , why have you torn your clothes ? let him come now to me , and he shall know that there is a prophet in israel .
he broke in pieces the pillars , and cut down the asherim , and filled their places with the bones of men .
the birds of the sky , the fish of the sea , and whatever passes through the paths of the seas .
from the days of john the baptizer until now , the kingdom of heaven suffers violence , and the violent take it by force .
he went to his father 's house at ophrah , and killed his brothers the sons of jerubbaal , being seventy persons , on one stone : but jotham the youngest son of jerubbaal was left ; for he hid himself .
the heart of the rash will understand knowledge , and the tongue of the stammerers will be ready to speak plainly .
to them it was revealed , that not to themselves , but to you , did they minister these things , which now have been announced to you through those who preached the good news to you by the holy spirit sent out from heaven ; which things angels desire to look into .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
i coveted no one 's silver , or gold , or clothing .
the glory of yahweh went up from the midst of the city , and stood on the mountain which is on the east side of the city .
the lips of the righteous feed many , but the foolish die for lack of understanding .
the women said to naomi , blessed be yahweh , who has not left you this day without a near kinsman ; and let his name be famous in israel .
their heart is as callous as the fat , but i delight in your law .
god will not withdraw his anger ; the helpers of rahab stoop under him .
as valleys are they spread forth , as gardens by the riverside , as aloes which yahweh has planted , as cedar trees beside the waters .
again he returned , and found them sleeping , for their eyes were very heavy , and they did n't know what to answer him .
the light shines in the darkness , and the darkness has n't overcome it .
this i say therefore , and testify in the lord , that you no longer walk as the rest of the gentiles also walk , in the futility of their mind ,
out of the tribe of dan , elteke with its suburbs , gibbethon with its suburbs ,
standing still , jesus commanded him to be brought to him . when he had come near , he asked him ,
for you say , where is the house of the prince ? where is the tent in which the wicked lived ? '
for as the churning of milk brings forth butter , and the wringing of the nose brings forth blood ; so the forcing of wrath brings forth strife .
one law shall be to him who is born at home , and to the stranger who lives as a foreigner among you .
moses said to yahweh , then the egyptians will hear it ; for you brought up this people in your might from among them ;
ishmael , his son , was thirteen years old when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin .
when they heard that he was alive , and had been seen by her , they disbelieved .
declare his glory among the nations , his marvelous works among all the peoples .
then uzziah was angry ; and he had a censer in his hand to burn incense ; and while he was angry with the priests , the leprosy broke forth in his forehead before the priests in the house of yahweh , beside the altar of incense .
tamar put ashes on her head , and tore her garment of various colors that was on her ; and she laid her hand on her head , and went her way , crying aloud as she went .
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
no hand shall touch him , but he shall surely be stoned or shot through ; whether it is animal or man , he shall not live . ' when the trumpet sounds long , they shall come up to the mountain .
in the twentieth year of jeroboam king of israel began asa to reign over judah .
he made him ride on the high places of the earth , he ate the increase of the field ; he made him to suck honey out of the rock , oil out of the flinty rock ;
the lord said to the servant , go out into the highways and hedges , and compel them to come in , that my house may be filled .
blessed are those who mourn , for they shall be comforted .
for the sake of the house of yahweh our god , i will seek your good .
for those who have served well as deacons gain to themselves a good standing , and great boldness in the faith which is in christ jesus .
they have ears , but they do n't hear ; they have noses , but they do n't smell ;
it happened , when they were come into samaria , that elisha said , yahweh , open the eyes of these men , that they may see . yahweh opened their eyes , and they saw ; and behold , they were in the midst of samaria .
but absalom fled . the young man who kept the watch lifted up his eyes , and looked , and behold , many people were coming by way of the hillside behind him .
behold , i have made you into a new sharp threshing instrument with teeth . you will thresh the mountains , and beat them small , and will make the hills like chaff .
there were four tables for the burnt offering , of hewn stone , a cubit and a half long , and a cubit and a half broad , and one cubit high ; whereupon they laid the instruments with which they killed the burnt offering and the sacrifice .
now if there was perfection through the levitical priesthood ( for under it the people have received the law ) , what further need was there for another priest to arise after the order of melchizedek , and not be called after the order of aaron ?
jesus sat down opposite the treasury , and saw how the multitude cast money into the treasury . many who were rich cast in much .
it will never be inhabited , neither will it be lived in from generation to generation . the arabian will not pitch a tent there , neither will shepherds make their flocks lie down there .
moreover you shall take no ransom for the life of a murderer who is guilty of death ; but he shall surely be put to death .
now i have prepared with all my might for the house of my god the gold for the things of gold , and the silver for the things of silver , and the brass for the things of brass , the iron for the things of iron , and wood for the things of wood ; onyx stones , and stones to be set , stones for inlaid work , and of various colors , and all manner of precious stones , and marble stones in abundance .
forty - two years old was ahaziah when he began to reign ; and he reigned one year in jerusalem : and his mother 's name was athaliah the daughter of omri .
to man he said , behold , the fear of the lord , that is wisdom . to depart from evil is understanding . '
he is conceited , knowing nothing , but obsessed with arguments , disputes , and word battles , from which come envy , strife , reviling , evil suspicions ,
he spoke of trees , from the cedar that is in lebanon even to the hyssop that springs out of the wall ; he spoke also of animals , and of birds , and of creeping things , and of fish .
the heart of one who has understanding seeks knowledge , but the mouths of fools feed on folly .
she gave the king one hundred twenty talents of gold , and of spices very great store , and precious stones : there came no more such abundance of spices as these which the queen of sheba gave to king solomon .
if your brother has grown poor among you , and sells himself to you ; you shall not make him to serve as a slave .
do n't take any gold , nor silver , nor brass in your money belts .
yahweh 's works are great , pondered by all those who delight in them .
as also you acknowledged us in part , that we are your boasting , even as you also are ours , in the day of our lord jesus .
now when joab saw that the battle was set against him before and behind , he chose of all the choice men of israel , and put them in array against the syrians .
all the people of the surrounding country of the gadarenes asked him to depart from them , for they were very much afraid . he entered into the boat , and returned .
also i spoke to the priests and to all this people , saying , thus says yahweh : do n't listen to the words of your prophets who prophesy to you , saying , behold , the vessels of yahweh 's house shall now shortly be brought again from babylon ; for they prophesy a lie to you .
i , yahweh , have called you in righteousness , and will hold your hand , and will keep you , and make you a covenant for the people , as a light for the nations ;
now i tell you , withdraw from these men , and leave them alone . for if this counsel or this work is of men , it will be overthrown .
take away the wicked from the king 's presence , and his throne will be established in righteousness .
you shall fear yahweh your god ; him shall you serve ; and to him shall you cleave , and by his name shall you swear .
because i feared the great multitude , and the contempt of families terrified me , so that i kept silence , and did n't go out of the door
and set forth customs which it is not lawful for us to accept or to observe , being romans .
it happened on the next day , when the philistines came to strip the slain , that they found saul and his three sons fallen on mount gilboa .
he is clothed in a garment sprinkled with blood . his name is called the word of god .
in the same hour came forth the fingers of a man 's hand , and wrote over against the lampstand on the plaster of the wall of the king 's palace : and the king saw the part of the hand that wrote .
you shall remember that you were a bondservant in the land of egypt : therefore i command you to do this thing .
and all these blessings shall come on you , and overtake you , if you shall listen to the voice of yahweh your god .
and to know christ 's love which surpasses knowledge , that you may be filled with all the fullness of god .
so that there was the face of a man toward the palm tree on the one side , and the face of a young lion toward the palm tree on the other side . thus was it made through all the house round about :
if your people go out to battle against their enemies , by whatever way you shall send them , and they pray to you toward this city which you have chosen , and the house which i have built for your name ;
the jews therefore sought him at the feast , and said , where is he ?
regard the patience of our lord as salvation ; even as our beloved brother paul also , according to the wisdom given to him , wrote to you ;
after this manner he made the ten bases : all of them had one casting , one measure , and one form .
yahweh will be king over all the earth . in that day yahweh will be one , and his name one .
now he is not the god of the dead , but of the living , for all are alive to him .
leah conceived , and bore a son , and she named him reuben . for she said , because yahweh has looked at my affliction . for now my husband will love me .
and that most of the brothers in the lord , being confident through my bonds , are more abundantly bold to speak the word of god without fear .
for they intended evil against you . they plotted evil against you which can not succeed .
a man 's gift makes room for him , and brings him before great men .
i will offer to you the sacrifice of thanksgiving , and will call on the name of yahweh .
withstand him steadfast in your faith , knowing that your brothers who are in the world are undergoing the same sufferings .
so all the elders of israel came to the king to hebron ; and david made a covenant with them in hebron before yahweh ; and they anointed david king over israel , according to the word of yahweh by samuel .
when you saw that nahash the king of the children of ammon came against you , you said to me , no , but a king shall reign over us ; when yahweh your god was your king .
but truly i tell you , there were many widows in israel in the days of elijah , when the sky was shut up three years and six months , when a great famine came over all the land .
joseph brought in jacob , his father , and set him before pharaoh , and jacob blessed pharaoh .
i will bless those who bless you , and i will curse him who curses you . in you will all of the families of the earth be blessed .
when you eat , and when you drink , do n't you eat for yourselves , and drink for yourselves ?
because your heart was tender , and you did humble yourself before god , when you heard his words against this place , and against the inhabitants of it , and have humbled yourself before me , and have torn your clothes , and wept before me ; i also have heard you , says yahweh .
therefore you testify to yourselves that you are children of those who killed the prophets .
you also put my feet in the stocks , and mark all my paths . you set a bound to the soles of my feet :
when they had come in , they went up into the upper room , where they were staying ; that is peter , john , james , andrew , philip , thomas , bartholomew , matthew , james the son of alphaeus , simon the zealot , and judas the son of james .
i will also praise you with the harp for your faithfulness , my god . i sing praises to you with the lyre , holy one of israel .
they insulted him and said , you are his disciple , but we are disciples of moses .
she said , give me a blessing ; for that you have set me in the land of the south , give me also springs of water . he gave her the upper springs and the lower springs .
then sarah denied , saying , i did n't laugh , for she was afraid . he said , no , but you did laugh .
benjamin returned at that time ; and they gave them the women whom they had saved alive of the women of jabesh gilead : and yet so they were n't enough for them .
i therefore , the prisoner in the lord , beg you to walk worthily of the calling with which you were called ,
jehoshaphat his son reigned in his place , and strengthened himself against israel .
and every spirit who does n't confess that jesus christ has come in the flesh is not of god , and this is the spirit of the antichrist , of whom you have heard that it comes . now it is in the world already .
he touched her hand , and the fever left her . she got up and served him .
one of his heads looked like it had been wounded fatally . his fatal wound was healed , and the whole earth marveled at the beast .
furthermore he made the court of the priests , and the great court , and doors for the court , and overlaid the doors of them with brass .
the flood was forty days on the earth . the waters increased , and lifted up the ark , and it was lifted up above the earth .
if you seek her as silver , and search for her as for hidden treasures :
then the elders of his city shall call him , and speak to him : and if he stand , and say , i do n't want to take her ;
now it happened , when all the people were baptized , jesus also had been baptized , and was praying . the sky was opened ,
and ain with its suburbs , and juttah with its suburbs , and beth shemesh with its suburbs ; nine cities out of those two tribes .
there were also others , two criminals , led with him to be put to death .
one who plots to do evil will be called a schemer .
then laban and bethuel answered , the thing proceeds from yahweh . we ca n't speak to you bad or good .
i have been crucified with christ , and it is no longer i that live , but christ living in me . that life which i now live in the flesh , i live by faith in the son of god , who loved me , and gave himself up for me .
( now the congregation 's half was three hundred thirty - seven thousand five hundred sheep ,
joash king of israel took amaziah king of judah , the son of joash the son of jehoahaz , at beth shemesh , and brought him to jerusalem , and broke down the wall of jerusalem from the gate of ephraim to the corner gate , four hundred cubits .
has n't the scripture said that the christ comes of the seed of david , and from bethlehem , the village where david was ?
as the nations that yahweh makes to perish before you , so shall you perish ; because you would n't listen to the voice of yahweh your god .
rejoice in the lord always ! again i will say , rejoice !
for there is hope for a tree , if it is cut down , that it will sprout again , that the tender branch of it will not cease .
he saved others , but he ca n't save himself . if he is the king of israel , let him come down from the cross now , and we will believe in him .
every bed whereon he who has the discharge lies shall be unclean ; and everything he sits on shall be unclean .
it happened , at the return of the year , at the time when kings go out to battle , that david sent joab , and his servants with him , and all israel ; and they destroyed the children of ammon , and besieged rabbah . but david stayed at jerusalem .
then hezekiah turned his face to the wall and prayed to yahweh ,
yes , i beg you that i may not , when present , show courage with the confidence with which i intend to be bold against some , who consider us to be walking according to the flesh .
we roar all like bears , and moan sore like doves : we look for justice , but there is none ; for salvation , but it is far off from us .
grace , mercy , and peace will be with us , from god the father , and from the lord jesus christ , the son of the father , in truth and love .
i adjure you , daughters of jerusalem , by the roes , or by the hinds of the field , that you not stir up , nor awaken love , until it so desires .
they have emptied out the money that was found in the house of yahweh , and have delivered it into the hand of the overseers , and into the hand of the workmen .
he went out about the third hour , and saw others standing idle in the marketplace .
for the king had ships that went to tarshish with the servants of huram ; once every three years came the ships of tarshish , bringing gold , and silver , ivory , and apes , and peacocks .
it happened after the death of joshua , the children of israel asked of yahweh , saying , who shall go up for us first against the canaanites , to fight against them ?
at lystra a certain man sat , impotent in his feet , a cripple from his mother 's womb , who never had walked .
he broke down the tower of penuel , and killed the men of the city .
i would declare to him the number of my steps . as a prince would i go near to him .
for they vex you with their wiles , with which they have deceived you in the matter of peor , and in the matter of cozbi , the daughter of the prince of midian , their sister , who was slain on the day of the plague in the matter of peor .
to these he also showed himself alive after he suffered , by many proofs , appearing to them over a period of forty days , and speaking about god 's kingdom .
if the ear would say , because i 'm not the eye , i 'm not part of the body , it 's not therefore not part of the body .
then jesus came and took the bread , gave it to them , and the fish likewise .
joram said , make ready . they made ready his chariot . joram king of israel and ahaziah king of judah went out , each in his chariot , and they went out to meet jehu , and found him in the portion of naboth the jezreelite .
they cast out many demons , and anointed many with oil who were sick , and healed them .
accounting the reproach of christ greater riches than the treasures of egypt ; for he looked to the reward .
for i determined not to know anything among you , except jesus christ , and him crucified .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
can your heart endure , or can your hands be strong , in the days that i shall deal with you ? i , yahweh , have spoken it , and will do it .
and he had two wives ; the name of the one was hannah , and the name of other peninnah : and peninnah had children , but hannah had no children .
they commanded the children of benjamin , saying , go and lie in wait in the vineyards ,
while he yet spoke , behold , jonathan the son of abiathar the priest came : and adonijah said , come in ; for you are a worthy man , and bring good news .
day by day , continuing steadfastly with one accord in the temple , and breaking bread at home , they took their food with gladness and singleness of heart ,
they answered him , our father is abraham . jesus said to them , if you were abraham 's children , you would do the works of abraham .
again i tell you , it is easier for a camel to go through a needle 's eye , than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of god .
when you offer an offering of a meal offering baked in the oven , it shall be unleavened cakes of fine flour mixed with oil , or unleavened wafers anointed with oil .
he sent young men of the children of israel , who offered burnt offerings and sacrificed peace offerings of oxen to yahweh .
the cows took the straight way by the way to beth shemesh ; they went along the highway , lowing as they went , and did n't turn aside to the right hand or to the left ; and the lords of the philistines went after them to the border of beth shemesh .
now it happened , when adoni - zedek king of jerusalem heard how joshua had taken ai , and had utterly destroyed it ; as he had done to jericho and her king , so he had done to ai and her king ; and how the inhabitants of gibeon had made peace with israel , and were among them ;
the land of egypt is before you . make your father and your brothers dwell in the best of the land . let them dwell in the land of goshen . if you know any able men among them , then put them in charge of my livestock .
remember them , my god , because they have defiled the priesthood , and the covenant of the priesthood , and of the levites .
you will be hated by all men for my name 's sake .
i will put a division between my people and your people : by tomorrow shall this sign be . '
keep your tongue from evil , and your lips from speaking lies .
they indeed of the sons of levi who receive the priest 's office have a commandment to take tithes of the people according to the law , that is , of their brothers , though these have come out of the body of abraham ,
judah became his sanctuary , israel his dominion .
he saw two boats standing by the lake , but the fishermen had gone out of them , and were washing their nets .
into whatever city or village you enter , find out who in it is worthy ; and stay there until you go on .
yet have respect for the prayer of your servant , and for his supplication , yahweh my god , to listen to the cry and to the prayer which your servant prays before you this day ;
ascribe to yahweh , you sons of the mighty , ascribe to yahweh glory and strength .
you have bought me no sweet cane with money , neither have you filled me with the fat of your sacrifices ; but you have burdened me with your sins , you have wearied me with your iniquities .
judas the son of james ; and judas iscariot , who also became a traitor .
from thirty years old and upward until fifty years old shall you number them ; all who enter in to wait on the service , to do the work in the tent of meeting .
but i will settle him in my house and in my kingdom forever ; and his throne shall be established forever .
and it happened , as he sowed , some seed fell by the road , and the birds came and devoured it .
yahweh said to joshua , do n't fear them : for i have delivered them into your hands ; there shall not a man of them stand before you .
all sheep and oxen , yes , and the animals of the field ,
therefore , son of man , prophesy , and tell gog , thus says the lord yahweh : in that day when my people israel dwells securely , shall you not know it ?
solomon ruled over all the kingdoms from the river to the land of the philistines , and to the border of egypt : they brought tribute , and served solomon all the days of his life .
faithful are the wounds of a friend ; although the kisses of an enemy are profuse .
the idols shall utterly pass away .
he asked the scribes , what are you asking them ?
do n't forsake me , yahweh . my god , do n't be far from me .
but jesus answered them , you are mistaken , not knowing the scriptures , nor the power of god .
thus says the lord yahweh : in the first month , in the first day of the month , you shall take a young bull without blemish ; and you shall cleanse the sanctuary .
then zedekiah the king commanded , and they committed jeremiah into the court of the guard ; and they gave him daily a loaf of bread out of the bakers ' street , until all the bread in the city was spent . thus jeremiah remained in the court of the guard .
he said to his people , behold , the people of the children of israel are more and mightier than we .
it happened as they emptied their sacks , that behold , every man 's bundle of money was in his sack . when they and their father saw their bundles of money , they were afraid .
for this service of giving that you perform not only makes up for lack among the saints , but abounds also through many givings of thanks to god ;
into whatever house you enter , stay there , and depart from there .
we are of god . he who knows god listens to us . he who is not of god does n't listen to us . by this we know the spirit of truth , and the spirit of error .
and might deliver all of them who through fear of death were all their lifetime subject to bondage .
he will judge the poor of the people . he will save the children of the needy , and will break the oppressor in pieces .
also pull out some for her from the bundles , and leave it , and let her glean , and do n't rebuke her .
for you , yahweh of armies , the god of israel , have revealed to your servant , saying , i will build you a house : therefore has your servant found in his heart to pray this prayer to you .
thus shall you say to them , the gods that have not made the heavens and the earth , these shall perish from the earth , and from under the heavens .
he himself was in the stern , asleep on the cushion , and they woke him up , and told him , teacher , do n't you care that we are dying ?
the children struggled together within her . she said , if it be so , why do i live ? she went to inquire of yahweh .
the elders of jabesh said to him , give us seven days ' respite , that we may send messengers to all the borders of israel ; and then , if there be none to save us , we will come out to you .
instructing us to the intent that , denying ungodliness and worldly lusts , we would live soberly , righteously , and godly in this present world ;
it is not the great who are wise , nor the aged who understand justice .
what agreement has a temple of god with idols ? for you are a temple of the living god . even as god said , i will dwell in them , and walk in them ; and i will be their god , and they will be my people .
they spend their days in prosperity . in an instant they go down to sheol .
not for these only do i pray , but for those also who believe in me through their word ,
do n't lie to one another , seeing that you have put off the old man with his doings ,
but jesus , knowing this , said to them , why do you trouble the woman ? because she has done a good work for me .
the wing of the other cherub was five cubits , reaching to the wall of the house ; and the other wing was five cubits also , joining to the wing of the other cherub .
and in nothing frightened by the adversaries , which is for them a proof of destruction , but to you of salvation , and that from god .
i said , my strength is perished , and my expectation from yahweh .
david said to him , to whom belong you ? and whence are you ? he said , i am a young man of egypt , servant to an amalekite ; and my master left me , because three days ago i fell sick .
the levites shall answer , and tell all the men of israel with a loud voice ,
rehoboam lived in jerusalem , and built cities for defense in judah .
reuben answered them , saying , did n't i tell you , saying , do n't sin against the child , ' and you would n't listen ? therefore also , behold , his blood is required .
when joseph 's brothers saw that their father was dead , they said , it may be that joseph will hate us , and will fully pay us back for all of the evil which we did to him .
neither shall men break bread for them in mourning , to comfort them for the dead ; neither shall men give them the cup of consolation to drink for their father or for their mother .
behold , a certain man who had dropsy was in front of him .
he stood and cried to the armies of israel , and said to them , why are you come out to set your battle in array ? am i not a philistine , and you servants to saul ? choose you a man for you , and let him come down to me .
yes , if a man lives many years , let him rejoice in them all ; but let him remember the days of darkness , for they shall be many . all that comes is vanity .
son of man , what is this proverb that you have in the land of israel , saying , the days are prolonged , and every vision fails ?
i will lay it a wasteland . it wo n't be pruned nor hoed , but it will grow briers and thorns . i will also command the clouds that they rain no rain on it .
which he made to abound toward us in all wisdom and prudence ,
aaron was one hundred twenty - three years old when he died in mount hor .
god said , let there be lights in the expanse of sky to divide the day from the night ; and let them be for signs , and for seasons , and for days and years ;
if a man have two wives , the one beloved , and the other hated , and they have borne him children , both the beloved and the hated ; and if the firstborn son be hers who was hated ;
the singers the sons of asaph were in their place , according to the commandment of david , and asaph , and heman , and jeduthun the king 's seer ; and the porters were at every gate : they did n't need to depart from their service ; for their brothers the levites prepared for them .
david said to his men , gird you on every man his sword . they girded on every man his sword ; and david also girded on his sword : and there went up after david about four hundred men ; and two hundred abode by the baggage .
when they go , i will spread my net on them . i will bring them down like the birds of the sky . i will chastise them , as their congregation has heard .
but zerubbabel , and jeshua , and the rest of the heads of fathers ' houses of israel , said to them , you have nothing to do with us in building a house to our god ; but we ourselves together will build to yahweh , the god of israel , as king cyrus the king of persia has commanded us .
moreover the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
you shall wash your clothes on the seventh day , and you shall be clean ; and afterward you shall come into the camp .
but jehoiada the priest took a chest , and bored a hole in the lid of it , and set it beside the altar , on the right side as one comes into the house of yahweh : and the priests who kept the threshold put therein all the money that was brought into the house of yahweh .
my face is red with weeping . deep darkness is on my eyelids .
the priest shall offer the sin offering , and make atonement for him who is to be cleansed because of his uncleanness : and afterward he shall kill the burnt offering ;
my father , who has given them to me , is greater than all . no one is able to snatch them out of my father 's hand .
so they set them up micah 's engraved image which he made , all the time that the house of god was in shiloh .
when the child was grown , it fell on a day , that he went out to his father to the reapers .
jerusalem , jerusalem , that kills the prophets , and stones those who are sent to her ! how often i wanted to gather your children together , like a hen gathers her own brood under her wings , and you refused !
there came to him sadducees , who say that there is no resurrection . they asked him , saying ,
yahweh said to moses , take all the chiefs of the people , and hang them up to yahweh before the sun , that the fierce anger of yahweh may turn away from israel .
but they mocked the messengers of god , and despised his words , and scoffed at his prophets , until the wrath of yahweh arose against his people , until there was no remedy .
even those who were numbered of them , by their families , by their fathers ' houses , were two thousand six hundred thirty .
he said to him , which ones ? jesus said , you shall not murder . ' you shall not commit adultery . ' you shall not steal . ' you shall not offer false testimony . '
jesus answered them , did n't i choose you , the twelve , and one of you is a devil ?
for one will hardly die for a righteous man . yet perhaps for a righteous person someone would even dare to die .
i will open my mouth in a parable . i will utter dark sayings of old ,
take your father and your households , and come to me , and i will give you the good of the land of egypt , and you will eat the fat of the land . '
they struck the men who were at the door of the house with blindness , both small and great , so that they wearied themselves to find the door .
jacob said to him , my lord knows that the children are tender , and that the flocks and herds with me have their young , and if they overdrive them one day , all the flocks will die .
and your strength will be spent in vain ; for your land wo n't yield its increase , neither will the trees of the land yield their fruit .
rejoice you with jerusalem , and be glad for her , all you who love her : rejoice for joy with her , all you who mourn over her ;
the elders of the congregation shall lay their hands on the head of the bull before yahweh ; and the bull shall be killed before yahweh .
all nations shall call you blessed , for you will be a delightful land , says yahweh of armies .
in his days nebuchadnezzar king of babylon came up , and jehoiakim became his servant three years : then he turned and rebelled against him .
moreover of the children of the strangers who sojourn among you , of them you may buy , and of their families who are with you , which they have conceived in your land ; and they will be your property .
he charged us to preach to the people and to testify that this is he who is appointed by god as the judge of the living and the dead .
all the house of joseph , his brothers , and his father 's house . only their little ones , their flocks , and their herds , they left in the land of goshen .
you have not known him , but i know him . if i said , i do n't know him , ' i would be like you , a liar . but i know him , and keep his word .
and the lord make you to increase and abound in love one toward another , and toward all men , even as we also do toward you ,
after the uproar had ceased , paul sent for the disciples , took leave of them , and departed to go into macedonia .
jehoshaphat slept with his fathers , and was buried with his fathers in the city of david : and jehoram his son reigned in his place .
the anger of yahweh was kindled against israel , and he sold them into the hand of the philistines , and into the hand of the children of ammon .
for an unloved woman when she is married ; and a handmaid who is heir to her mistress .
they kill the widow and the alien , and murder the fatherless .
joab the son of zeruiah , and the servants of david , went out , and met them by the pool of gibeon ; and they sat down , the one on the one side of the pool , and the other on the other side of the pool .
some pour out gold from the bag , and weigh silver in the balance . they hire a goldsmith , and he makes it a god . they fall downyes , they worship .
he causes all , the small and the great , the rich and the poor , and the free and the slave , to be given marks on their right hands , or on their foreheads ;
in the meanwhile , the disciples urged him , saying , rabbi , eat .
and strip aaron of his garments , and put them on eleazar his son : and aaron shall be gathered to his people , and shall die there .
a voice came to him again the second time , what god has cleansed , you must not call unclean .
for my sighing comes before i eat , my groanings are poured out like water .
and cast him into the abyss , and shut it , and sealed it over him , that he should deceive the nations no more , until the thousand years were finished . after this , he must be freed for a short time .
tear your heart , and not your garments , and turn to yahweh , your god ; for he is gracious and merciful , slow to anger , and abundant in loving kindness , and relents from sending calamity .
i have trodden the winepress alone ; and of the peoples there was no man with me : yes , i trod them in my anger , and trampled them in my wrath ; and their lifeblood is sprinkled on my garments , and i have stained all my clothing .
be diligent to come to me soon ,
but he shall acknowledge the firstborn , the son of the hated , by giving him a double portion of all that he has ; for he is the beginning of his strength ; the right of the firstborn is his .
you shall not lie with any animal to defile yourself with it ; neither shall any woman give herself to an animal , to lie down with it : it is a perversion .
nor height , nor depth , nor any other created thing , will be able to separate us from the love of god , which is in christ jesus our lord .
better is the end of a thing than its beginning . the patient in spirit is better than the proud in spirit .
balak did as balaam had spoken ; and balak and balaam offered on every altar a bull and a ram .
the children of israel again did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh : and yahweh strengthened eglon the king of moab against israel , because they had done that which was evil in the sight of yahweh .
the tent , its outer covering , its roof , its clasps , its boards , its bars , its pillars , and its sockets ;
then he came , and he took it out of the right hand of him who sat on the throne .
saying , prophesy to us , you christ ! who hit you ?
yahweh said to moses , yet one plague more will i bring on pharaoh , and on egypt ; afterwards he will let you go . when he lets you go , he will surely thrust you out altogether .
i took your sin , the calf which you had made , and burnt it with fire , and stamped it , grinding it very small , until it was as fine as dust : and i cast the dust of it into the brook that descended out of the mountain .
make me savory food , such as i love , and bring it to me , that i may eat , and that my soul may bless you before i die .
my son , give me your heart ; and let your eyes keep in my ways .
do n't speak against one another , brothers . he who speaks against a brother and judges his brother , speaks against the law and judges the law . but if you judge the law , you are not a doer of the law , but a judge .
they began to accuse him , saying , we found this man perverting the nation , forbidding paying taxes to caesar , and saying that he himself is christ , a king .
forty - one years reigned he in jerusalem : and his mother 's name was maacah the daughter of abishalom .
the words of jeremiah the son of hilkiah , of the priests who were in anathoth in the land of benjamin :
now david fled , and escaped , and came to samuel to ramah , and told him all that saul had done to him . he and samuel went and lived in naioth .
a man of many companions may be ruined , but there is a friend who sticks closer than a brother .
have the workers of iniquity no knowledge , who eat up my people as they eat bread , and do n't call on god ?
david sent messengers to the men of jabesh gilead , and said to them , blessed be you of yahweh , that you have shown this kindness to your lord , even to saul , and have buried him .
he blessed him , and said , blessed be abram of god most high , possessor of heaven and earth :
having eyes full of adultery , and who ca n't cease from sin ; enticing unsettled souls ; having a heart trained in greed ; children of cursing ;
we know and have believed the love which god has for us . god is love , and he who remains in love remains in god , and god remains in him .
that it might take hold of the ends of the earth , and shake the wicked out of it ?
when he rose up from his prayer , he came to the disciples , and found them sleeping because of grief ,
the watchman said , i think the running of the foremost is like the running of ahimaaz the son of zadok . the king said , he is a good man , and comes with good news .
behold , the acts of asa , first and last , behold , they are written in the book of the kings of judah and israel .
wo n't i in that day , says yahweh , destroy the wise men out of edom , and understanding out of the mountain of esau ?
in the day of my trouble i sought the lord . my hand was stretched out in the night , and did n't get tired . my soul refused to be comforted .
yahweh rewarded me according to my righteousness ; according to the cleanness of my hands has he recompensed me .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
then joshua called the reubenites , and the gadites , and the half - tribe of manasseh ,
he said to the levites who taught all israel , who were holy to yahweh , put the holy ark in the house which solomon the son of david king of israel did build ; there shall no more be a burden on your shoulders : now serve yahweh your god , and his people israel .
they all as one began to make excuses . the first said to him , i have bought a field , and i must go and see it . please have me excused . '
i will stretch out my hand against judah , and against all the inhabitants of jerusalem . i will cut off the remnant of baal from this place : the name of the idolatrous and pagan priests ,
then shall your light break forth as the morning , and your healing shall spring forth speedily ; and your righteousness shall go before you ; the glory of yahweh shall be your rear guard .
your children shall be wanderers in the wilderness forty years , and shall bear your prostitution , until your dead bodies be consumed in the wilderness .
while i am in the world , i am the light of the world .
his ways are prosperous at all times ; he is haughty , and your laws are far from his sight : as for all his adversaries , he sneers at them .
not that we are sufficient of ourselves , to account anything as from ourselves ; but our sufficiency is from god ;
the six hundred men girt with their weapons of war , who were of the children of dan , stood by the entrance of the gate .
they ought to have been here before you , and to make accusation , if they had anything against me .
for the children of israel and the children of levi shall bring the wave offering of the grain , of the new wine , and of the oil , to the chambers , where are the vessels of the sanctuary , and the priests who minister , and the porters , and the singers : and we will not forsake the house of our god .
the five men who went to spy out the land went up , and came in there , and took the engraved image , and the ephod , and the teraphim , and the molten image : and the priest stood by the entrance of the gate with the six hundred men girt with weapons of war .
am i a god at hand , says yahweh , and not a god afar off ?
josiah was eight years old when he began to reign ; and he reigned thirty - one years in jerusalem .
your lips , my bride , drip like the honeycomb . honey and milk are under your tongue . the smell of your garments is like the smell of lebanon .
it will happen at the harvests , that you shall give a fifth to pharaoh , and four parts will be your own , for seed of the field , for your food , for them of your households , and for food for your little ones .
there was a certain jew in shushan the palace , whose name was mordecai , the son of jair , the son of shimei , the son of kish , a benjamite ,
a sword shall come on egypt , and anguish shall be in ethiopia , when the slain shall fall in egypt ; and they shall take away her multitude , and her foundations shall be broken down .
pour out your wrath on the nations that do n't know you ; on the kingdoms that do n't call on your name ;
king solomon raised a levy out of all israel ; and the levy was thirty thousand men .
do n't receive an accusation against an elder , except at the word of two or three witnesses .
the deep says , it is n't in me . ' the sea says , it is n't with me . '
the fish that are in the river shall die , and the river shall become foul ; and the egyptians shall loathe to drink water from the river . '
the lord announced the word . the ones who proclaim it are a great company .
aaron shall lay both his hands on the head of the live goat , and confess over him all the iniquities of the children of israel , and all their transgressions , even all their sins ; and he shall put them on the head of the goat , and shall send him away into the wilderness by the hand of a man who is in readiness .
isaac came from the way of beer lahai roi , for he lived in the land of the south .
the priest 's heart was glad , and he took the ephod , and the teraphim , and the engraved image , and went in the midst of the people .
the thin heads of grain swallowed up the seven healthy and full ears . pharaoh awoke , and behold , it was a dream .
but thomas , one of the twelve , called didymus , was n't with them when jesus came .
until the time that his word happened , and yahweh 's word proved him true .
ezra the priest stood up , and said to them , you have trespassed , and have married foreign women , to increase the guilt of israel .
but israel , following after a law of righteousness , did n't arrive at the law of righteousness .
the keeper of the prison did n't look after anything that was under his hand , because yahweh was with him ; and that which he did , yahweh made it prosper .
brothers , i may tell you freely of the patriarch david , that he both died and was buried , and his tomb is with us to this day .
six days shall work be done , but on the seventh day is a sabbath of solemn rest , holy to yahweh . whoever does any work on the sabbath day shall surely be put to death .
he shall kill the lamb of the trespass offering . the priest shall take some of the blood of the trespass offering and put it on the tip of the right ear of him who is to be cleansed , and on the thumb of his right hand , and on the big toe of his right foot .
i , jesus , have sent my angel to testify these things to you for the assemblies . i am the root and the offspring of david ; the bright and morning star .
everyone therefore who confesses me before men , him i will also confess before my father who is in heaven .
but jehoshaphat said , is n't there here a prophet of yahweh , that we may inquire of yahweh by him ? one of the king of israel 's servants answered , elisha the son of shaphat is here , who poured water on the hands of elijah .
when abner was returned to hebron , joab took him aside into the midst of the gate to speak with him quietly , and struck him there in the body , so that he died , for the blood of asahel his brother .
be strong and of good courage ; for you shall cause this people to inherit the land which i swore to their fathers to give them .
yet it pleased yahweh to bruise him ; he has put him to grief : when you shall make his soul an offering for sin , he shall see his seed , he shall prolong his days , and the pleasure of yahweh shall prosper in his hand .
moses took the rod from before yahweh , as he commanded him .
she laid up his garment by her , until his master came home .
his lord said to him , well done , good and faithful servant . you have been faithful over a few things , i will set you over many things . enter into the joy of your lord . '
they asked baruch , saying , tell us now , how did you write all these words at his mouth ?
they sent a letter to him , in which was written thus : to darius the king , all peace .
the wind blows where it wants to , and you hear its sound , but do n't know where it comes from and where it is going . so is everyone who is born of the spirit .
he went on his journeys from the south even to bethel , to the place where his tent had been at the beginning , between bethel and ai ,
but have lifted up yourself against the lord of heaven ; and they have brought the vessels of his house before you , and you and your lords , your wives and your concubines , have drunk wine from them ; and you have praised the gods of silver and gold , of brass , iron , wood , and stone , which do n't see , nor hear , nor know ; and the god in whose hand your breath is , and whose are all your ways , you have not glorified .
therefore hear now this , you afflicted , and drunken , but now with wine :
from now on , let no one cause me any trouble , for i bear the marks of the lord jesus branded on my body .
if you shall keep all this commandment to do it , which i command you this day , to love yahweh your god , and to walk ever in his ways ; then shall you add three cities more for you , besides these three :
then achish gave him ziklag that day : why ziklag pertains to the kings of judah to this day .
the kings of the earth , the princes , the commanding officers , the rich , the strong , and every slave and free person , hid themselves in the caves and in the rocks of the mountains .
my eye shall not spare you , neither will i have pity ; but i will bring your ways on you , and your abominations shall be in the midst of you : and you shall know that i am yahweh .
then his sister said to pharaoh 's daughter , should i go and call a nurse for you from the hebrew women , that she may nurse the child for you ?
then i looked , and see , in the expanse that was over the head of the cherubim there appeared above them as it were a sapphire stone , as the appearance of the likeness of a throne .
let them vanish as water that flows away . when they draw the bow , let their arrows be made blunt .
my heart was hot within me . while i meditated , the fire burned : i spoke with my tongue :
when they had appointed elders for them in every assembly , and had prayed with fasting , they commended them to the lord , on whom they had believed .
not everyone who says to me , lord , lord , ' will enter into the kingdom of heaven ; but he who does the will of my father who is in heaven .
thus said yahweh to me : go , and stand in the gate of the children of the people , through which the kings of judah come in , and by which they go out , and in all the gates of jerusalem ;
there is silver beaten into plates , which is brought from tarshish , and gold from uphaz , the work of the artificer and of the hands of the goldsmith ; blue and purple for their clothing ; they are all the work of skillful men .
this is the message which we have heard from him and announce to you , that god is light , and in him is no darkness at all .
turn your ear , and listen to the words of the wise . apply your heart to my teaching .
let them be desolate by reason of their shame that tell me , aha ! aha !
yes , and all who desire to live godly in christ jesus will suffer persecution .
david took from him one thousand seven hundred horsemen , and twenty thousand footmen : and david hamstrung all the chariot horses , but reserved of them for one hundred chariots .
the children of israel spoke to moses , saying , behold , we perish , we are undone , we are all undone .
the word which came to jeremiah from yahweh , when king zedekiah sent to him pashhur the son of malchijah , and zephaniah the son of maaseiah , the priest , saying ,
after this it happened , that david struck the philistines , and subdued them , and took gath and its towns out of the hand of the philistines .
now he said this , not because he cared for the poor , but because he was a thief , and having the money box , used to steal what was put into it .
the men of israel and of judah arose , and shouted , and pursued the philistines , until you come to gai , and to the gates of ekron . the wounded of the philistines fell down by the way to shaaraim , even to gath , and to ekron .
who also sealed us , and gave us the down payment of the spirit in our hearts .
ezra the scribe stood on a pulpit of wood , which they had made for the purpose ; and beside him stood mattithiah , and shema , and anaiah , and uriah , and hilkiah , and maaseiah , on his right hand ; and on his left hand , pedaiah , and mishael , and malchijah , and hashum , and hashbaddanah , zechariah , and meshullam .
in a dream , in a vision of the night , when deep sleep falls on men , in slumbering on the bed ;
one golden ladle of ten shekels , full of incense ;
above all , taking up the shield of faith , with which you will be able to quench all the fiery darts of the evil one .
what i tell you in the darkness , speak in the light ; and what you hear whispered in the ear , proclaim on the housetops .
my lips shall shout for joy ! my soul , which you have redeemed , sings praises to you !
bearing with one another , and forgiving each other , if any man has a complaint against any ; even as christ forgave you , so you also do .
the mirth of tambourines ceases . the sound of those who rejoice ends . the joy of the harp ceases .
i will make your pinnacles of rubies , and your gates of emeralds , and all your border of precious stones .
also for the sons of aaron the priests , who were in the fields of the suburbs of their cities , in every city , there were men who were mentioned by name , to give portions to all the males among the priests , and to all who were reckoned by genealogy among the levites .
and that you make it your ambition to lead a quiet life , and to do your own business , and to work with your own hands , even as we charged you ;
on the day of our king , the princes made themselves sick with the heat of wine . he joined his hand with mockers .
they go from strength to strength . everyone of them appears before god in zion .
the bloodthirsty hate a man of integrity ; and they seek the life of the upright .
therefore is my harp turned to mourning , and my pipe into the voice of those who weep .
now the apostles and the brothers who were in judea heard that the gentiles had also received the word of god .
then samuel took the horn of oil , and anointed him in the midst of his brothers : and the spirit of yahweh came mightily on david from that day forward . so samuel rose up , and went to ramah .
yahweh your god will make you plenteous in all the work of your hand , in the fruit of your body , and in the fruit of your livestock , and in the fruit of your ground , for good : for yahweh will again rejoice over you for good , as he rejoiced over your fathers ;
but our god is in the heavens . he does whatever he pleases .
in his days pharaoh necoh king of egypt went up against the king of assyria to the river euphrates : and king josiah went against him ; and pharaoh necoh killed him at megiddo , when he had seen him .
for you are my lamp , yahweh ; yahweh will lighten my darkness .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
to whom our fathers would n't be obedient , but rejected him , and turned back in their hearts to egypt ,
therefore , o king , let my counsel be acceptable to you , and break off your sins by righteousness , and your iniquities by showing mercy to the poor ; if there may be a lengthening of your tranquillity .
he cropped off the topmost of the young twigs of it , and carried it to a land of traffic ; he set it in a city of merchants .
in the first year of cyrus the king , cyrus the king made a decree : concerning the house of god at jerusalem , let the house be built , the place where they offer sacrifices , and let the foundations of it be strongly laid ; the height of it sixty cubits , and the breadth of it sixty cubits ;
thus says the lord yahweh : if the prince give a gift to any of his sons , it is his inheritance , it shall belong to his sons ; it is their possession by inheritance .
then the kingdom of heaven will be like ten virgins , who took their lamps , and went out to meet the bridegroom .
so will i break down the wall that you have daubed with whitewash , and bring it down to the ground , so that the foundation of it shall be uncovered ; and it shall fall , and you shall be consumed in the midst of it : and you shall know that i am yahweh .
abraham circumcised his son , isaac , when he was eight days old , as god had commanded him .
he restored the eleven hundred pieces of silver to his mother ; and his mother said , i most assuredly dedicate the silver to yahweh from my hand for my son , to make an engraved image and a molten image : now therefore i will restore it to you .
the likeness of anything that creeps on the ground , the likeness of any fish that is in the water under the earth ;
only the tribe of levi you shall not number , neither shall you take a census of them among the children of israel ;
according as it is written , god gave them a spirit of stupor , eyes that they should not see , and ears that they should not hear , to this very day .
listen to me , house of jacob , and all the remnant of the house of israel , that have been borne by me from their birth , that have been carried from the womb ;
son of man , set your face toward the mountains of israel , and prophesy to them ,
a woman , when she gives birth , has sorrow , because her time has come . but when she has delivered the child , she does n't remember the anguish any more , for the joy that a human being is born into the world .
all the people shall hear , and fear , and do no more presumptuously .
one of the seven angels who had the seven bowls came and spoke with me , saying , come here . i will show you the judgment of the great prostitute who sits on many waters ,
but when the jews spoke against it , i was constrained to appeal to caesar , not that i had anything about which to accuse my nation .
but you , yahweh , have mercy on me , and raise me up , that i may repay them .
they went in to the king into the court ; but they had laid up the scroll in the chamber of elishama the scribe ; and they told all the words in the ears of the king .
he said , tomorrow . he said , be it according to your word , that you may know that there is none like yahweh our god .
however the king of the children of ammon did n't listen to the words of jephthah which he sent him .
jesus entered into the temple in jerusalem . when he had looked around at everything , it being now evening , he went out to bethany with the twelve .
jotham slept with his fathers , and they buried him in the city of david : and ahaz his son reigned in his place .
when they came to the threshing floor of chidon , uzza put forth his hand to hold the ark ; for the oxen stumbled .
all our enemies have opened their mouth wide against us .
blessed is he who considers the poor : yahweh will deliver him in the day of evil .
in you have they uncovered their fathers ' nakedness ; in you have they humbled her who was unclean in her impurity .
whoever lives and believes in me will never die . do you believe this ?
you are yahweh , even you alone ; you have made heaven , the heaven of heavens , with all their army , the earth and all things that are thereon , the seas and all that is in them , and you preserve them all ; and the army of heaven worships you .
therefore he sacrifices to his net , and burns incense to his dragnet , because by them his life is luxurious , and his food is good .
but you , brothers , are n't in darkness , that the day should overtake you like a thief .
how he was caught up into paradise , and heard unspeakable words , which it is not lawful for a man to utter .
it may be they will listen , and turn every man from his evil way ; that i may repent me of the evil which i purpose to do to them because of the evil of their doings .
if you were of the world , the world would love its own . but because you are not of the world , since i chose you out of the world , therefore the world hates you .
therefore do n't be like them , for your father knows what things you need , before you ask him .
god came to balaam , and said , what men are these with you ?
if the spirit of the ruler rises up against you , do n't leave your place ; for gentleness lays great offenses to rest .
he rebukes the sea , and makes it dry , and dries up all the rivers . bashan languishes , and carmel ; and the flower of lebanon languishes .
do n't be among ones drinking too much wine , or those who gorge themselves on meat :
so the king of israel went , and the king of judah , and the king of edom ; and they made a circuit of seven days ' journey : and there was no water for the army , nor for the animals that followed them .
now while the bridegroom delayed , they all slumbered and slept .
yahweh said , who shall entice ahab , that he may go up and fall at ramoth gilead ? one said on this manner ; and another said on that manner .
those who were numbered of the sons of gershon , their families , and by their fathers ' houses ,
he who corrects a mocker invites insult . he who reproves a wicked man invites abuse .
remember , i beg you , that you have fashioned me as clay . will you bring me into dust again ?
then the spirit entered into me , and set me on my feet ; and he spoke with me , and said to me , go , shut yourself within your house .
the children of israel did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh , and forgot yahweh their god , and served the baals and the asheroth .
when they could not come near to him for the crowd , they removed the roof where he was . when they had broken it up , they let down the mat that the paralytic was lying on .
concerning the good news , they are enemies for your sake . but concerning the election , they are beloved for the fathers ' sake .
as for the earth , out of it comes bread ; underneath it is turned up as it were by fire .
though wickedness is sweet in his mouth , though he hide it under his tongue ,
say among the nations , yahweh reigns . the world is also established . it ca n't be moved . he will judge the peoples with equity .
for indeed i bend judah as a bow for me . i have filled the bow with ephraim ; and i will stir up your sons , zion , against your sons , greece , and will make you like the sword of a mighty man .
let our people also learn to maintain good works for necessary uses , that they may not be unfruitful .
for if you shall diligently keep all this commandment which i command you , to do it , to love yahweh your god , to walk in all his ways , and to cleave to him ;
one male goat for a sin offering ;
for you will bless the righteous . yahweh , you will surround him with favor as with a shield .
of the tribe of zebulun twelve thousand , of the tribe of joseph twelve thousand , of the tribe of benjamin were sealed twelve thousand .
when much time had passed and the voyage was now dangerous , because the fast had now already gone by , paul admonished them ,
the dogs shall eat jezebel in the portion of jezreel , and there shall be none to bury her . he opened the door , and fled .
seven weeks shall you number to you : from the time you begin to put the sickle to the standing grain shall you begin to number seven weeks .
he said , yah has sworn : yahweh will have war with amalek from generation to generation . '
for has any said to god , i am guilty , but i will not offend any more .
the construction of its wall was jasper . the city was pure gold , like pure glass .
men will dwell therein , and there will be no more curse ; but jerusalem will dwell safely .
now when jesus heard that john was delivered up , he withdrew into galilee .
it shall be a perpetual statute to them : and he who sprinkles the water for impurity shall wash his clothes , and he who touches the water for impurity shall be unclean until even .
this is the day that yahweh has made . we will rejoice and be glad in it !
judah went up ; and yahweh delivered the canaanites and the perizzites into their hand : and they struck of them in bezek ten thousand men .
he said to another , follow me ! but he said , lord , allow me first to go and bury my father .
i shall be condemned ; why then do i labor in vain ?
you shall walk after yahweh your god , and fear him , and keep his commandments , and obey his voice , and you shall serve him , and cleave to him .
look at zion , the city of our appointed festivals . your eyes will see jerusalem , a quiet habitation , a tent that wo n't be removed . its stakes will never be plucked up , nor will any of its cords be broken .
and he said , if esau comes to the one company , and strikes it , then the company which is left will escape .
there shall you remember your ways , and all your doings , in which you have polluted yourselves ; and you shall loathe yourselves in your own sight for all your evils that you have committed .
the rich shall not give more , and the poor shall not give less , than the half shekel , when they give the offering of yahweh , to make atonement for your souls .
he erected an altar there , and called it el elohe israel .
the servants of saul told him , saying , on this manner spoke david .
for i am with you , says yahweh , to save you : for i will make a full end of all the nations where i have scattered you , but i will not make a full end of you ; but i will correct you in measure , and will in no way leave you unpunished .
and love the place of honor at feasts , the best seats in the synagogues ,
the people went out , and plundered the camp of the syrians . so a measure of fine flour was sold for a shekel , and two measures of barley for a shekel , according to the word of yahweh .
for the house of israel and the house of judah have dealt very treacherously against me , says yahweh .
cursed be he who lies with his mother - in - law . all the people shall say , amen .
again , when you have accomplished these , you shall lie on your right side , and shall bear the iniquity of the house of judah : forty days , each day for a year , have i appointed it to you .
but concerning the times and the seasons , brothers , you have no need that anything be written to you .
and the inhabitants of one shall go to another , saying , let us go speedily to entreat the favor of yahweh , and to seek yahweh of armies . i will go also . '
he humbled you , and allowed you to hunger , and fed you with manna , which you did n't know , neither did your fathers know ; that he might make you know that man does not live by bread only , but by everything that proceeds out of the mouth of yahweh does man live .
then call , and i will answer ; or let me speak , and you answer me .
who covers the sky with clouds , who prepares rain for the earth , who makes grass grow on the mountains .
solomon told her all her questions ; and there was not anything hid from solomon which he did n't tell her .
in whom you also are built together for a habitation of god in the spirit .
what has been done this day , so yahweh has commanded to do , to make atonement for you .
but as for me , i know that my redeemer lives . in the end , he will stand upon the earth .
but all the girls , who have not known man by lying with him , keep alive for yourselves .
watch therefore , for you do n't know in what hour your lord comes .
for nothing is hidden , that will not be revealed ; nor anything secret , that will not be known and come to light .
and the border shall turn about from azmon to the brook of egypt , and the goings out of it shall be at the sea .
he looked , and behold , there was at his head a cake baked on the coals , and a jar of water . he ate and drink , and laid him down again .
sing , barren , you who did n't bear ; break forth into singing , and cry aloud , you who did not travail with child : for more are the children of the desolate than the children of the married wife , says yahweh .
go up to the mountain , bring wood , and build the house . i will take pleasure in it , and i will be glorified , says yahweh .
you shall not lend him your money at interest , nor give him your food for profit .
jeroboam said in his heart , now will the kingdom return to the house of david :
i have no need for a bull from your stall , nor male goats from your pens .
for you have forgotten the god of your salvation , and have not remembered the rock of your strength . therefore you plant pleasant plants , and set out foreign seedlings .
the servants of the householder came and said to him , sir , did n't you sow good seed in your field ? where did this darnel come from ? '
when it was day , he departed and went into an uninhabited place , and the multitudes looked for him , and came to him , and held on to him , so that he would n't go away from them .
sing to yahweh ! bless his name ! proclaim his salvation from day to day !
he will consume the glory of his forest , and of his fruitful field , both soul and body . it will be as when a standard bearer faints .
so the posts went with the letters from the king and his princes throughout all israel and judah , and according to the commandment of the king , saying , you children of israel , turn again to yahweh , the god of abraham , isaac , and israel , that he may return to the remnant that have escaped of you out of the hand of the kings of assyria .
they have passed away as the swift ships , as the eagle that swoops on the prey .
esther 's maidens and her chamberlains came and told it her ; and the queen was exceedingly grieved : and she sent clothing to clothe mordecai , and to take his sackcloth from off him ; but he did n't receive it .
i thought to disclose it to you , saying , buy it before those who sit here , and before the elders of my people . if you will redeem it , redeem it : but if you will not redeem it , then tell me , that i may know ; for there is none to redeem it besides you ; and i am after you . he said , i will redeem it .
everyone , with whom was found blue , purple , scarlet , fine linen , goats ' hair , rams ' skins dyed red , and sea cow hides , brought them .
yahweh did according to the word of moses , and the frogs died out of the houses , out of the courts , and out of the fields .
so all the men of israel went up from following david , and followed sheba the son of bichri ; but the men of judah joined with their king , from the jordan even to jerusalem .
when all the kings who were servants to hadarezer saw that they were put to the worse before israel , they made peace with israel , and served them . so the syrians feared to help the children of ammon any more .
david commanded to gather together the foreigners who were in the land of israel ; and he set masons to hew worked stones to build the house of god .
but ishmael the son of nethaniah escaped from johanan with eight men , and went to the children of ammon .
there ran a young man , and told moses , and said , eldad and medad do prophesy in the camp .
there is a way which seems right to a man , but in the end it leads to death .
and because he did n't need for anyone to testify concerning man ; for he himself knew what was in man .
you shall not eat any blood , whether it is of bird or of animal , in any of your dwellings .
he struck moab , and measured them with the line , making them to lie down on the ground ; and he measured two lines to put to death , and one full line to keep alive . the moabites became servants to david , and brought tribute .
ask a sign of yahweh your god ; ask it either in the depth , or in the height above .
turn you us to you , yahweh , and we shall be turned ; renew our days as of old .
flee for safety , you children of benjamin , out of the midst of jerusalem , and blow the trumpet in tekoa , and raise up a signal on beth haccherem ; for evil looks forth from the north , and a great destruction .
there is a generation whose teeth are like swords , and their jaws like knives , to devour the poor from the earth , and the needy from among men .
then he will say also to those on the left hand , depart from me , you cursed , into the eternal fire which is prepared for the devil and his angels ;
for we are not as so many , peddling the word of god . but as of sincerity , but as of god , in the sight of god , we speak in christ .
and we will cut wood out of lebanon , as much as you shall need ; and we will bring it to you in floats by sea to joppa ; and you shall carry it up to jerusalem .
daniel spoke and said , i saw in my vision by night , and , behold , the four winds of the sky broke forth on the great sea .
that which is crooked ca n't be made straight ; and that which is lacking ca n't be counted .
he has violently taken away his tent , as if it were of a garden ; he has destroyed his place of assembly : yahweh has caused solemn assembly and sabbath to be forgotten in zion , has despised in the indignation of his anger the king and the priest .
looking around at those who sat around him , he said , behold , my mother and my brothers !
yahweh was very angry with aaron to destroy him : and i prayed for aaron also at the same time .
in this confidence , i was determined to come first to you , that you might have a second benefit ;
but they did n't understand this saying . it was concealed from them , that they should not perceive it , and they were afraid to ask him about this saying .
in the third month after the children of israel had gone forth out of the land of egypt , on that same day they came into the wilderness of sinai .
remember lot 's wife !
according to all these words , and according to all this vision , so did nathan speak to david .
for you all can prophesy one by one , that all may learn , and all may be exhorted .
they shall teach jacob your ordinances , israel your law : they shall put incense before you , whole burnt offering on your altar .
and he went after the man of israel into the pavilion , and thrust both of them through , the man of israel , and the woman through her body . so the plague was stayed from the children of israel .
she gave the king one hundred and twenty talents of gold , and spices in great abundance , and precious stones : neither was there any such spice as the queen of sheba gave to king solomon .
afterward moses and aaron came , and said to pharaoh , this is what yahweh , the god of israel , says , let my people go , that they may hold a feast to me in the wilderness . '
all the firstborn males that are born of your herd and of your flock you shall sanctify to yahweh your god : you shall do no work with the firstborn of your herd , nor shear the firstborn of your flock .
let no man therefore judge you in eating , or in drinking , or with respect to a feast day or a new moon or a sabbath day ,
you have multiplied your slain in this city , and you have filled the streets of it with the slain .
she said to him , not so , because this great wrong in putting me forth is worse than the other that you did to me . but he would not listen to her .
then hear you in heaven , and do , and judge your servants , condemning the wicked , to bring his way on his own head , and justifying the righteous , to give him according to his righteousness .
moreover you shall tell them , thus says yahweh : shall men fall , and not rise up again ? shall one turn away , and not return ?
they did n't thirst when he led them through the deserts ; he caused the waters to flow out of the rock for them ; he split the rock also , and the waters gushed out .
now therefore thus says yahweh , you shall not come down from the bed where you are gone up , but shall surely die . elijah departed .
at that time hanani the seer came to asa king of judah , and said to him , because you have relied on the king of syria , and have not relied on yahweh your god , therefore is the army of the king of syria escaped out of your hand .
let no man say when he is tempted , i am tempted by god , for god ca n't be tempted by evil , and he himself tempts no one .
set a wicked man over him . let an adversary stand at his right hand .
in the twelfth year of joram the son of ahab king of israel did ahaziah the son of jehoram king of judah begin to reign .
asa did that which was good and right in the eyes of yahweh his god :
oh the depth of the riches both of the wisdom and the knowledge of god ! how unsearchable are his judgments , and his ways past tracing out !
then eliashib the high priest rose up with his brothers the priests , and they built the sheep gate ; they sanctified it , and set up the doors of it ; even to the tower of hammeah they sanctified it , to the tower of hananel .
of the one thousand seven hundred seventy - five shekels he made hooks for the pillars , overlaid their capitals , and made fillets for them .
for your servant david 's sake , do n't turn away the face of your anointed one .
i was alive apart from the law once , but when the commandment came , sin revived , and i died .
the king and his men went to jerusalem against the jebusites , the inhabitants of the land , who spoke to david , saying , except you take away the blind and the lame , you shall not come in here ; thinking , david ca n't come in here .
also day by day , from the first day to the last day , he read in the book of the law of god . they kept the feast seven days ; and on the eighth day was a solemn assembly , according to the ordinance .
behold , i will do a new thing ; now shall it spring forth ; shall you not know it ? i will even make a way in the wilderness , and rivers in the desert .
turn my eyes away from looking at worthless things . revive me in your ways .
among whom you are also called to belong to jesus christ ;
for the canaanites and all the inhabitants of the land will hear of it , and will compass us round , and cut off our name from the earth : and what will you do for your great name ?
who have kept with your servant david my father that which you did promise him : yes , you spoke with your mouth , and have fulfilled it with your hand , as it is this day .
know that yahweh , he is god . it is he who has made us , and we are his . we are his people , and the sheep of his pasture .
there was no water for the congregation : and they assembled themselves together against moses and against aaron .
for what the law could n't do , in that it was weak through the flesh , god did , sending his own son in the likeness of sinful flesh and for sin , he condemned sin in the flesh ;
how long will you hunt for words ? consider , and afterwards we will speak .
arise , god , judge the earth , for you inherit all of the nations .
that i will break the assyrian in my land , and tread him under foot on my mountains . then his yoke will leave them , and his burden leave their shoulders .
but the unclean spirit , when he is gone out of the man , passes through waterless places , seeking rest , and does n't find it .
he will come and destroy these farmers , and will give the vineyard to others . when they heard it , they said , may it never be !
my son , listen to your father 's instruction , and do n't forsake your mother 's teaching :
jacob came in peace to the city of shechem , which is in the land of canaan , when he came from paddan aram ; and encamped before the city .
menahem slept with his fathers ; and pekahiah his son reigned in his place .
the scribes and the pharisees watched him , to see whether he would heal on the sabbath , that they might find an accusation against him .
but if they are questions about words and names and your own law , look to it yourselves . for i do n't want to be a judge of these matters .
amaziah the son of joash king of judah lived after the death of jehoash son of jehoahaz king of israel fifteen years .
the tribes of israel sent men through all the tribe of benjamin , saying , what wickedness is this that is happen among you ?
jesus said , father , forgive them , for they do n't know what they are doing . dividing his garments among them , they cast lots .
my breath is offensive to my wife . i am loathsome to the children of my own mother .
the children of israel set forward according to their journeys out of the wilderness of sinai ; and the cloud abode in the wilderness of paran .
happy are your men , happy are these your servants , who stand continually before you , and who hear your wisdom .
but after that our fathers had provoked the god of heaven to wrath , he gave them into the hand of nebuchadnezzar king of babylon , the chaldean , who destroyed this house , and carried the people away into babylon .
behold , the day , behold , it comes : your doom is gone forth ; the rod has blossomed , pride has budded .
shout against her round about : she has submitted herself ; her bulwarks are fallen , her walls are thrown down ; for it is the vengeance of yahweh : take vengeance on her ; as she has done , do to her .
the archers shot at king josiah ; and the king said to his servants , have me away ; for i am sore wounded .
for the good which i desire , i do n't do ; but the evil which i do n't desire , that i practice .
i am yahweh , your god , who brought you up out of the land of egypt . open your mouth wide , and i will fill it .
when he had said this , he breathed on them , and said to them , receive the holy spirit !
saul and all the people who were with him were gathered together , and came to the battle : and behold , every man 's sword was against his fellow , and there was a very great confusion .
an unfriendly man pursues selfishness , and defies all sound judgment .
apply your heart to instruction , and your ears to the words of knowledge .
he taught them many things in parables , and told them in his teaching ,
take you heed everyone of his neighbor , and do n't you trust in any brother ; for every brother will utterly supplant , and every neighbor will go about with slanders .
i am a stranger on the earth . do n't hide your commandments from me .
the ransomed of yahweh shall return , and come with singing to zion ; and everlasting joy shall be on their heads : they shall obtain gladness and joy ; and sorrow and sighing shall flee away .
the sixth poured out his bowl on the great river , the euphrates . its water was dried up , that the way might be made ready for the kings that come from the sunrise .
now my eyes shall be open , and my ears attentive , to the prayer that is made in this place .
so i have seen you in the sanctuary , watching your power and your glory .
now after i had delivered the deed of the purchase to baruch the son of neriah , i prayed to yahweh , saying ,
you have increased the nation , o yahweh . you have increased the nation ! you are glorified ! you have enlarged all the borders of the land .
at that time , jesus answered , i thank you , father , lord of heaven and earth , that you hid these things from the wise and understanding , and revealed them to infants .
jesus answered him , because i told you , i saw you underneath the fig tree , ' do you believe ? you will see greater things than these !
david said to jonathan , behold , tomorrow is the new moon , and i should not fail to sit with the king at meat : but let me go , that i may hide myself in the field to the third day at evening .
so they sat down with him on the ground seven days and seven nights , and none spoke a word to him , for they saw that his grief was very great .
they prepare the table . they set the watch . they eat . they drink . rise up , you princes , oil the shield !
no one sews a piece of unshrunk cloth on an old garment , or else the patch shrinks and the new tears away from the old , and a worse hole is made .
then the word of yahweh came to jeremiah , after that the king had burned the scroll , and the words which baruch wrote at the mouth of jeremiah , saying ,
do n't withhold your tender mercies from me , yahweh . let your loving kindness and your truth continually preserve me .
my brothers have dealt deceitfully as a brook , as the channel of brooks that pass away ;
and how will they preach unless they are sent ? as it is written : how beautiful are the feet of those who preach the good news of peace , who bring glad tidings of good things !
for the day of yahweh is near all the nations ! as you have done , it will be done to you . your deeds will return upon your own head .
the farmer went out to sow his seed . as he sowed , some fell along the road , and it was trampled under foot , and the birds of the sky devoured it .
you are good , and do good . teach me your statutes .
he spread the covering over the tent , and put the roof of the tent above on it , as yahweh commanded moses .
he who implanted the ear , wo n't he hear ? he who formed the eye , wo n't he see ?
he closed the book , gave it back to the attendant , and sat down . the eyes of all in the synagogue were fastened on him .
the philistines stood on the mountain on the one side , and israel stood on the mountain on the other side : and there was a valley between them .
we have a little sister . she has no breasts . what shall we do for our sister in the day when she is to be spoken for ?
he said to me , son of man , go , get you to the house of israel , and speak with my words to them .
show me the tax money . they brought to him a denarius .
he carried out there all the treasures of the house of yahweh , and the treasures of the king 's house , and cut in pieces all the vessels of gold , which solomon king of israel had made in the temple of yahweh , as yahweh had said .
you have taken my friends from me . you have made me an abomination to them . i am confined , and i ca n't escape .
and cinnamon , incense , perfume , frankincense , wine , olive oil , fine flour , wheat , sheep , horses , chariots , and people 's bodies and souls .
that the creation itself also will be delivered from the bondage of decay into the liberty of the glory of the children of god .
so zedekiah the king swore secretly to jeremiah , saying , as yahweh lives , who made us this soul , i will not put you to death , neither will i give you into the hand of these men who seek your life .
yahweh said to moses , how long do you refuse to keep my commandments and my laws ?
the wilderness and the dry land will be glad . the desert will rejoice and blossom like a rose .
the egyptians shall know that i am yahweh , when i have gotten myself honor over pharaoh , over his chariots , and over his horsemen .
for i tell you , i will no longer by any means eat of it until it is fulfilled in the kingdom of god .
the sky was removed like a scroll when it is rolled up . every mountain and island were moved out of their places .
you shall make curtains of goats ' hair for a covering over the tent : eleven curtains shall you make them .
from the place of his habitation he looks out on all the inhabitants of the earth ,
your children make haste ; your destroyers and those who made you waste shall go forth from you .
i indeed declare , love stands firm forever . you established the heavens . your faithfulness is in them .
yahweh said to moses , take joshua the son of nun , a man in whom is the spirit , and lay your hand on him ;
surely none of the men who came up out of egypt , from twenty years old and upward , shall see the land which i swore to abraham , to isaac , and to jacob ; because they have not wholly followed me :
but the thing displeased samuel , when they said , give us a king to judge us . samuel prayed to yahweh .
the spirit lifted me up , and brought me in the vision by the spirit of god into chaldea , to them of the captivity . so the vision that i had seen went up from me .
it happened , that he was reclining at the table in his house , and many tax collectors and sinners sat down with jesus and his disciples , for there were many , and they followed him .
so that they go around naked without clothing . being hungry , they carry the sheaves .
jephthah said to them , i and my people were at great strife with the children of ammon ; and when i called you , you did n't save me out of their hand .
now , behold , in my affliction i have prepared for the house of yahweh one hundred thousand talents of gold , and one thousand thousand talents of silver , and of brass and iron without weight ; for it is in abundance : timber also and stone have i prepared ; and you may add to them .
arise , and depart ! for this is not your resting place , because of uncleanness that destroys , even with a grievous destruction .
jesus answered , you would have no power at all against me , unless it were given to you from above . therefore he who delivered me to you has greater sin .
and two turtledoves , or two young pigeons , such as he is able to afford ; and the one shall be a sin offering , and the other a burnt offering .
he was listening to paul speaking , who , fastening eyes on him , and seeing that he had faith to be made whole ,
though these three men were in it , as i live , says the lord yahweh , they should deliver neither sons nor daughters , but they only should be delivered themselves .
yahweh said to me , do n't fear him ; for i have delivered him , and all his people , and his land , into your hand ; and you shall do to him as you did to sihon king of the amorites , who lived at heshbon .
then he appeared to over five hundred brothers at once , most of whom remain until now , but some have also fallen asleep .
but if a priest buys a slave , purchased by his money , he shall eat of it ; and such as are born in his house , they shall eat of his bread .
that you may walk in the way of good men , and keep the paths of the righteous .
when you have stayed three days , you shall go down quickly , and come to the place where you did hide yourself when the business was in hand , and shall remain by the stone ezel .
but the vow of a widow , or of her who is divorced , even everything with which she has bound her soul , shall stand against her .
let them judge the people at all times . it shall be that every great matter they shall bring to you , but every small matter they shall judge themselves . so shall it be easier for you , and they shall share the load with you .
when he had determined to pass over into achaia , the brothers encouraged him , and wrote to the disciples to receive him . when he had come , he greatly helped those who had believed through grace ;
yahweh prepared a great fish to swallow up jonah , and jonah was in the belly of the fish three days and three nights .
because he loved your fathers , therefore he chose their seed after them , and brought you out with his presence , with his great power , out of egypt ;
he charged them that they should take nothing for their journey , except a staff only : no bread , no wallet , no money in their purse ,
then went samson down , and his father and his mother , to timnah , and came to the vineyards of timnah : and behold , a young lion roared against him .
two men went up into the temple to pray ; one was a pharisee , and the other was a tax collector .
when a man shall have a rising in his body 's skin , or a scab , or a bright spot , and it becomes in the skin of his body the plague of leprosy , then he shall be brought to aaron the priest , or to one of his sons the priests :
and said to him , run , speak to this young man , saying , jerusalem will be inhabited as villages without walls , because of the multitude of men and livestock in it .
one golden ladle of ten shekels , full of incense ;
the vision of obadiah . this is what the lord yahweh says about edom . we have heard news from yahweh , and an ambassador is sent among the nations , saying , arise , and let 's rise up against her in battle .
when i saw him , i fell at his feet like a dead man . he laid his right hand on me , saying , do n't be afraid . i am the first and the last ,
jacob tore his clothes , and put sackcloth on his waist , and mourned for his son many days .
yet the children of manasseh could n't drive out the inhabitants of those cities ; but the canaanites would dwell in that land .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
now may the lord of peace himself give you peace at all times in all ways . the lord be with you all .
but you shall go to my father 's house , and to my relatives , and take a wife for my son . '
what then shall i do when god rises up ? when he visits , what shall i answer him ?
when the lord saw her , he had compassion on her , and said to her , do n't cry .
there were also that said , we have borrowed money for the king 's tribute on our fields and our vineyards .
when it was evening he came with the twelve .
they went , and came to the mountain , and abode there three days , until the pursuers were returned : and the pursuers sought them throughout all the way , but did n't find them .
sometimes the cloud was from evening until morning ; and when the cloud was taken up in the morning , they traveled : or by day and by night , when the cloud was taken up , they traveled .
but naaman was angry , and went away , and said , behold , i thought , he will surely come out to me , and stand , and call on the name of yahweh his god , and wave his hand over the place , and recover the leper .
do you think that i have come to give peace in the earth ? i tell you , no , but rather division .
wherein you greatly rejoice , though now for a little while , if need be , you have been put to grief in various trials ,
even as it is written , for your sake we are killed all day long . we were accounted as sheep for the slaughter .
the righteous shall inherit the land , and live in it forever .
keep me from the snare which they have laid for me , from the traps of the workers of iniquity .
you shall set the levites before aaron , and before his sons , and offer them as a wave offering to yahweh .
therefore it is said in the book of the wars of yahweh , vaheb in suphah , the valleys of the arnon ,
rejoice with those who rejoice . weep with those who weep .
why do we also stand in jeopardy every hour ?
god spoke to noah and to his sons with him , saying ,
vex the midianites , and strike them ;
your vows are on me , god . i will give thank offerings to you .
the elders of gilead said to jephthah , yahweh shall be witness between us ; surely according to your word so will we do .
he encloses the face of his throne , and spreads his cloud on it .
they said to him , where is sarah , your wife ? he said , see , in the tent .
when your people israel are struck down before the enemy , because they have sinned against you ; if they turn again to you , and confess your name , and pray and make supplication to you in this house :
blessed are those whose ways are blameless , who walk according to yahweh 's law .
your eye shall not pity him , but you shall put away the innocent blood from israel , that it may go well with you .
now he spoke of judas , the son of simon iscariot , for it was he who would betray him , being one of the twelve .
moses went down from the mountain to the people , and sanctified the people ; and they washed their clothes .
for what does the scripture say ? abraham believed god , and it was accounted to him for righteousness .
i will keep my loving kindness for him forevermore . my covenant will stand firm with him .
they moved him to jealousy with strange gods ; with abominations provoked they him to anger .
if we are examined today concerning a good deed done to a crippled man , by what means this man has been healed ,
and being in readiness to avenge all disobedience , when your obedience will be made full .
do n't make a covenant with the inhabitants of the land , lest they play the prostitute after their gods , and sacrifice to their gods , and one call you and you eat of his sacrifice ;
as for you , house of israel , thus says the lord yahweh : go you , serve everyone his idols , and hereafter also , if you will not listen to me ; but my holy name shall you no more profane with your gifts , and with your idols .
i will abundantly bless her provision . i will satisfy her poor with bread .
certain also of the asiarchs , being his friends , sent to him and begged him not to venture into the theater .
the priest shall pour some of the oil into the palm of his own left hand ;
the beast which i saw was like a leopard , and his feet were like those of a bear , and his mouth like the mouth of a lion . the dragon gave him his power , his throne , and great authority .
now while he was not yet gone back , go back then , said he , to gedaliah the son of ahikam , the son of shaphan , whom the king of babylon has made governor over the cities of judah , and dwell with him among the people ; or go wherever it seems right to you to go . so the captain of the guard gave him food and a present , and let him go .
that path no bird of prey knows , neither has the falcon 's eye seen it .
the old men of gebal and the wise men of it were in you your repairers of ship seams : all the ships of the sea with their mariners were in you to deal in your merchandise .
they removed the burnt offerings , that they might give them according to the divisions of the fathers ' houses of the children of the people , to offer to yahweh , as it is written in the book of moses . so did they with the oxen .
he shall offer one of the turtledoves , or of the young pigeons , such as he is able to afford ,
and in vain do they worship me , teaching as doctrine rules made by men . '
it shall happen that as i thought to do to them , so will i do to you .
however , if you fulfill the royal law , according to the scripture , you shall love your neighbor as yourself , you do well .
for if , while we were enemies , we were reconciled to god through the death of his son , much more , being reconciled , we will be saved by his life .
therefore his parents said , he is of age . ask him .
yet all this avails me nothing , so long as i see mordecai the jew sitting at the king 's gate .
joab gave up the sum of the numbering of the people to david . all those of israel were one million one hundred thousand men who drew sword : and in judah were four hundred seventy thousand men who drew sword .
yahweh our god made a covenant with us in horeb .
men shall go into the caves of the rocks , and into the holes of the earth , from before the terror of yahweh , and from the glory of his majesty , when he arises to shake the earth mightily .
the tongue of the sucking child cleaves to the roof of his mouth for thirst : the young children ask bread , and no man breaks it to them .
the children of israel returned from chasing after the philistines , and they plundered their camp .
i understand more than the aged , because i have kept your precepts .
esau said , let me now leave with you some of the folk who are with me . he said , why ? let me find favor in the sight of my lord .
they went after them to the jordan : and behold , all the way was full of garments and vessels , which the syrians had cast away in their haste . the messengers returned , and told the king .
standing behind at his feet weeping , she began to wet his feet with her tears , and she wiped them with the hair of her head , kissed his feet , and anointed them with the ointment .
he who is too impoverished for such an offering chooses a tree that will not rot . he seeks a skillful workman to set up an engraved image for him that will not be moved .
whoever transgresses and does n't remain in the teaching of christ , does n't have god . he who remains in the teaching , the same has both the father and the son .
jephthah vowed a vow to yahweh , and said , if you will indeed deliver the children of ammon into my hand ,
shout for joy to yahweh , all you lands !
and say , what was your mother ? a lioness : she couched among lions , in the midst of the young lions she nourished her cubs .
and after the earthquake a fire ; but yahweh was not in the fire : and after the fire a still small voice .
you will know that i am in the midst of israel , and that i am yahweh , your god , and there is no one else ; and my people will never again be disappointed .
yahweh , why do you reject my soul ? why do you hide your face from me ?
i myself will fight against you with an outstretched hand and with a strong arm , even in anger , and in wrath , and in great indignation .
therefore jesus perceived that they wanted to ask him , and he said to them , do you inquire among yourselves concerning this , that i said , a little while , and you wo n't see me , and again a little while , and you will see me ? '
save yourself , and come down from the cross !
servants , obey in all things those who are your masters according to the flesh , not just when they are looking , as men pleasers , but in singleness of heart , fearing god .
then zebah and zalmunna said , rise you , and fall on us ; for as the man is , so is his strength . gideon arose , and killed zebah and zalmunna , and took the crescents that were on their camels ' necks .
he said , amos , what do you see ? i said , a basket of summer fruit . then yahweh said to me , the end has come on my people israel . i will not again pass by them any more .
moses returned to yahweh , and said , lord , why have you brought trouble on this people ? why is it that you have sent me ?
amaziah also said to amos , you seer , go , flee away into the land of judah , and there eat bread , and prophesy there :
he built an altar there , and called on the name of yahweh , and pitched his tent there . there isaac 's servants dug a well .
but the more they afflicted them , the more they multiplied and the more they spread out . they were grieved because of the children of israel .
these were heads of fathers ' houses of the levites , throughout their generations , chief men : these lived at jerusalem .
and four thousand were doorkeepers ; and four thousand praised yahweh with the instruments which i made , said david , for giving praise .
strong scales are his pride , shut up together with a close seal .
tell me , you whom my soul loves , where you graze your flock , where you rest them at noon ; for why should i be as one who is veiled beside the flocks of your companions ? lover
but the bull , and its skin , and its flesh , and its dung , he burned with fire outside the camp ; as yahweh commanded moses .
there is an evil which i have seen under the sun , the sort of error which proceeds from the ruler .
so i prophesied as i was commanded : and as i prophesied , there was a noise , and behold , an earthquake ; and the bones came together , bone to its bone .
then all the midianites and the amalekites and the children of the east assembled themselves together ; and they passed over , and encamped in the valley of jezreel .
he bowed the heavens also , and came down ; thick darkness was under his feet .
do you intend to reprove words , seeing that the speeches of one who is desperate are as wind ?
the little owl , the cormorant , the great owl ,
moses called bezalel and oholiab , and every wise - hearted man , in whose heart yahweh had put wisdom , even everyone whose heart stirred him up to come to the work to do it :
now the men observed diligently , and hurried to catch whether it were his mind ; and they said , your brother ben hadad . then he said , go you , bring him . then ben hadad came forth to him ; and he caused him to come up into the chariot .
the waters receded continually until the tenth month . in the tenth month , on the first day of the month , the tops of the mountains were seen .
whatever has no fins nor scales in the waters , that is an abomination to you .
moab shall be destroyed from being a people , because he has magnified himself against yahweh .
when they came to the nations , where they went , they profaned my holy name ; in that men said of them , these are the people of yahweh , and are gone forth out of his land .
yahweh will cause his glorious voice to be heard , and will show the descent of his arm , with the indignation of his anger , and the flame of a devouring fire , with a blast , tempest , and hailstones .
even to the next day after the seventh sabbath you shall number fifty days ; and you shall offer a new meal offering to yahweh .
then yahweh was jealous for his land , and had pity on his people .
yahweh will render to every man his righteousness and his faithfulness ; because yahweh delivered you into my hand today , and i would n't put forth my hand against yahweh 's anointed .
job speaks without knowledge , his words are without wisdom . '
those who shall be of you shall build the old waste places ; you shall raise up the foundations of many generations ; and you shall be called the repairer of the breach , the restorer of paths to dwell in .
for wisdom will enter into your heart . knowledge will be pleasant to your soul .
but it was so , that in the three and twentieth year of king jehoash the priests had not repaired the breaches of the house .
therefore said i , now will the philistines come down on me to gilgal , and i have n't entreated the favor of yahweh : i forced myself therefore , and offered the burnt offering .
he said to them , i am one hundred twenty years old this day ; i can no more go out and come in : and yahweh has said to me , you shall not go over this jordan .
behold , he snatches away ; who can hinder him ? who will ask him , what are you doing ? '
those who died by the plague were twenty - four thousand .
and their brothers , mighty men of valor , one hundred twenty - eight ; and their overseer was zabdiel , the son of haggedolim .
that they would desire mercies of the god of heaven concerning this secret ; that daniel and his companions should not perish with the rest of the wise men of babylon .
for this deed of the queen will come abroad to all women , to make their husbands contemptible in their eyes , when it shall be reported , the king ahasuerus commanded vashti the queen to be brought in before him , but she did n't come .
and the two kidneys , and the fat that is on them , which is by the loins , and the cover on the liver , with the kidneys , he shall take away .
the headdresses , the ankle chains , the sashes , the perfume bottles , the charms ,
remember his marvelous works that he has done , his wonders , and the judgments of his mouth ,
turn us again , yahweh god of armies . cause your face to shine , and we will be saved .
let us lie down in our shame , and let our confusion cover us ; for we have sinned against yahweh our god , we and our fathers , from our youth even to this day ; and we have not obeyed the voice of yahweh our god .
also the burnt offerings were in abundance , with the fat of the peace offerings , and with the drink offerings for every burnt offering . so the service of the house of yahweh was set in order .
now is the end on you , and i will send my anger on you , and will judge you according to your ways ; and i will bring on you all your abominations .
do n't snatch the word of truth out of my mouth , for i put my hope in your ordinances .
moreover those who had familiar spirits , and the wizards , and the teraphim , and the idols , and all the abominations that were seen in the land of judah and in jerusalem , did josiah put away , that he might confirm the words of the law which were written in the book that hilkiah the priest found in the house of yahweh .
then shall he who offers his offering offer to yahweh a meal offering of a tenth part of an ephah of fine flour mixed with the fourth part of a hin of oil :
and the priest shall examine him . behold , if there is a white rising in the skin , and it has turned the hair white , and there is raw flesh in the rising ,
all the people departed every man to his house : and david returned to bless his house .
with many other words he testified , and exhorted them , saying , save yourselves from this crooked generation !
the king of sodom said to abram , give me the people , and take the goods to yourself .
yes , he loved cursing , and it came to him . he did n't delight in blessing , and it was far from him .
they forsook the house of yahweh , the god of their fathers , and served the asherim and the idols : and wrath came on judah and jerusalem for this their guiltiness .
so she wrote letters in ahab 's name , and sealed them with his seal , and sent the letters to the elders and to the nobles who were in his city , and who lived with naboth .
how shall i come before yahweh , and bow myself before the exalted god ? shall i come before him with burnt offerings , with calves a year old ?
moses and aaron said to all the children of israel , at evening , then you shall know that yahweh has brought you out from the land of egypt ;
when i saw among the spoil a goodly babylonian mantle , and two hundred shekels of silver , and a wedge of gold of fifty shekels weight , then i coveted them , and took them ; and , behold , they are hid in the earth in the midst of my tent , and the silver under it .
for if we believe that jesus died and rose again , even so those who have fallen asleep in jesus will god bring with him .
that you abstain from things sacrificed to idols , from blood , from things strangled , and from sexual immorality , from which if you keep yourselves , it will be well with you . farewell .
the path of life leads upward for the wise , to keep him from going downward to sheol .
a false witness will perish , and a man who listens speaks to eternity .
to grant to us that we , being delivered out of the hand of our enemies , should serve him without fear ,
the king spoke and said , is not this great babylon , which i have built for the royal dwelling place , by the might of my power and for the glory of my majesty ?
they are like children who sit in the marketplace , and call one to another , saying , we piped to you , and you did n't dance . we mourned , and you did n't weep . '
i also will do this to you : i will appoint terror over you , even consumption and fever , that shall consume the eyes , and make the soul to pine away ; and you will sow your seed in vain , for your enemies will eat it .
for the redemption of the two hundred seventy - three of the firstborn of the children of israel , who exceed the number of the levites ,
then the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
then shall the trees of the wood sing for joy before yahweh ; for he comes to judge the earth .
who is left among you who saw this house in its former glory ? how do you see it now ? is n't it in your eyes as nothing ?
that you shall set apart to yahweh all that opens the womb , and every firstborn which you have that comes from an animal . the males shall be yahweh 's .
so shall my word be that goes forth out of my mouth : it shall not return to me void , but it shall accomplish that which i please , and it shall prosper in the thing whereto i sent it .
the grass withers , the flower fades , because yahweh 's breath blows on it . surely the people are like grass .
in the hill country , and in the lowland , and in the arabah , and in the slopes , and in the wilderness , and in the south ; the hittite , the amorite , and the canaanite , the perizzite , the hivite , and the jebusite :
yes , and you will be brought before governors and kings for my sake , for a testimony to them and to the nations .
he will lift up a banner to the nations from far , and he will whistle for them from the end of the earth . behold , they will come speedily and swiftly .
then contended i with the rulers , and said , why is the house of god forsaken ? i gathered them together , and set them in their place .
asa cried to yahweh his god , and said , yahweh , there is none besides you to help , between the mighty and him who has no strength : help us , yahweh our god ; for we rely on you , and in your name are we come against this multitude . yahweh , you are our god ; do n't let man prevail against you .
for you will eat the labor of your hands . you will be happy , and it will be well with you .
and sit on a stately bed , with a table prepared before it , whereupon you did set my incense and my oil .
you yourselves testify that i said , i am not the christ , ' but , i have been sent before him . '
the burnt offering that the prince shall offer to yahweh shall be on the sabbath day six lambs without blemish and a ram without blemish ;
for if a man with a gold ring , in fine clothing , comes into your synagogue , and a poor man in filthy clothing also comes in ;
he delivered them into the hands of his servants , every herd by itself , and said to his servants , pass over before me , and put a space between herd and herd .
they said therefore to him , what then do you do for a sign , that we may see , and believe you ? what work do you do ?
they went away in the boat to a desert place by themselves .
go quickly and tell his disciples , he has risen from the dead , and behold , he goes before you into galilee ; there you will see him . ' behold , i have told you .
pharisees came to him testing him , and asked him , is it lawful for a man to divorce his wife ?
wicked people earn deceitful wages , but one who sows righteousness reaps a sure reward .
for i have given you an example , that you also should do as i have done to you .
beware of the dogs , beware of the evil workers , beware of the false circumcision .
with a strong hand , and with an outstretched arm ; for his loving kindness endures forever :
their infants also will be dashed in pieces before their eyes . their houses will be ransacked , and their wives raped .
deliver me , yahweh , from my enemies . i flee to you to hide me .
come you near to me , hear you this ; from the beginning i have not spoken in secret ; from the time that it was , there am i : and now the lord yahweh has sent me , and his spirit .
a scoffer seeks wisdom , and does n't find it , but knowledge comes easily to a discerning person .
but be you glad and rejoice forever in that which i create ; for , behold , i create jerusalem a rejoicing , and her people a joy .
a certain servant girl saw him as he sat in the light , and looking intently at him , said , this man also was with him .
blessed be the god and father of our lord jesus christ , who according to his great mercy became our father again to a living hope through the resurrection of jesus christ from the dead ,
amid which certain jews from asia found me purified in the temple , not with a mob , nor with turmoil .
yahweh spoke with you face to face on the mountain out of the midst of the fire ,
when men strive together one with another , and the wife of the one draws near to deliver her husband out of the hand of him who strikes him , and puts forth her hand , and takes him by the secrets ;
tell us therefore , what do you think ? is it lawful to pay taxes to caesar , or not ?
the priests did n't say , where is yahweh ? and those who handle the law did n't know me : the rulers also transgressed against me , and the prophets prophesied by baal , and walked after things that do not profit .
but god came to abimelech in a dream of the night , and said to him , behold , you are a dead man , because of the woman whom you have taken . for she is a man 's wife .
he took his staff in his hand , and chose him five smooth stones out of the brook , and put them in the shepherd 's bag which he had , even in his wallet ; and his sling was in his hand : and he drew near to the philistine .
and said to the judges , consider what you do : for you do n't judge for man , but for yahweh ; and he is with you in the judgment .
the speech pleased the lord , that solomon had asked this thing .
a worthless man devises mischief . his speech is like a scorching fire .
and he who invited both of you would come and tell you , make room for this person . ' then you would begin , with shame , to take the lowest place .
because for the sake of the name they went out , taking nothing from the gentiles .
how do we hear , everyone in our own native language ?
you will have joy and gladness ; and many will rejoice at his birth .
it is even right for me to think this way on behalf of all of you , because i have you in my heart , because , both in my bonds and in the defense and confirmation of the good news , you all are partakers with me of grace .
which things indeed appear like wisdom in self - imposed worship , and humility , and severity to the body ; but are n't of any value against the indulgence of the flesh .
i will make people more rare than fine gold , even a person than the pure gold of ophir .
but in those days , after that oppression , the sun will be darkened , the moon will not give its light ,
in whom the god of this world has blinded the minds of the unbelieving , that the light of the good news of the glory of christ , who is the image of god , should not dawn on them .
therefore saul sent messengers to jesse , and said , send me david your son , who is with the sheep .
rebekah took the good clothes of esau , her elder son , which were with her in the house , and put them on jacob , her younger son .
they have sown wheat , and have reaped thorns ; they have put themselves to pain , and profit nothing : and you shall be ashamed of your fruits , because of the fierce anger of yahweh .
he will be like a wild donkey among men . his hand will be against every man , and every man 's hand against him . he will live opposite all of his brothers .
but peter , standing up with the eleven , lifted up his voice , and spoke out to them , you men of judea , and all you who dwell at jerusalem , let this be known to you , and listen to my words .
for the thing which i fear comes on me , that which i am afraid of comes to me .
give thanks to the lord of lords ; for his loving kindness endures forever :
( let me be weighed in an even balance , that god may know my integrity ) ;
and brought his head on a platter , and gave it to the young lady ; and the young lady gave it to her mother .
behold , the days come , that all that is in your house , and that which your fathers have laid up in store to this day , shall be carried to babylon : nothing shall be left , says yahweh .
we dreamed a dream in one night , i and he . we dreamed each man according to the interpretation of his dream .
every meal offering of a priest shall be wholly burned . it shall not be eaten .
and brought out israel from among them ; for his loving kindness endures forever ;
for solomon went after ashtoreth the goddess of the sidonians , and after milcom the abomination of the ammonites .
therefore my heart sounds for moab like pipes , and my heart sounds like pipes for the men of kir heres : therefore the abundance that he has gotten is perished .
he said to her , daughter , cheer up . your faith has made you well . go in peace .
there was a gate to the inner court toward the south : and he measured from gate to gate toward the south a hundred cubits .
the sons of the singers gathered themselves together , both out of the plain round about jerusalem , and from the villages of the netophathites ;
i will strengthen the arms of the king of babylon , and put my sword in his hand : but i will break the arms of pharaoh , and he shall groan before him with the groanings of a deadly wounded man .
the king shall mourn , and the prince shall be clothed with desolation , and the hands of the people of the land shall be troubled : i will do to them after their way , and according to their own judgments will i judge them ; and they shall know that i am yahweh .
yahweh spoke suddenly to moses , and to aaron , and to miriam , come out you three to the tent of meeting . they three came out .
i will seek that which was lost , and will bring back that which was driven away , and will bind up that which was broken , and will strengthen that which was sick : but the fat and the strong i will destroy ; i will feed them in justice .
again he departed from the borders of tyre and sidon , and came to the sea of galilee , through the midst of the region of decapolis .
he gathered together the priests and the levites , and said to them , go out to the cities of judah , and gather of all israel money to repair the house of your god from year to year ; and see that you hasten the matter . however the levites did n't hurry .
it shall happen in that day that a man shall keep alive a young cow , and two sheep ;
and he said to him , thus says jephthah : israel did n't take away the land of moab , nor the land of the children of ammon ,
the servant said , lord , it is done as you commanded , and there is still room . '
now solomon purposed to build a house for the name of yahweh , and a house for his kingdom .
gave his offering : one silver platter , the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels , one silver bowl of seventy shekels , after the shekel of the sanctuary ; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering ;
every animal , every creeping thing , and every bird , whatever moves on the earth , after their families , went forth out of the ark .
but shun foolish questionings , genealogies , strife , and disputes about the law ; for they are unprofitable and vain .
they have set up kings , but not by me . they have made princes , and i did n't approve . of their silver and their gold they have made themselves idols , that they may be cut off .
to bind their kings with chains , and their nobles with fetters of iron ;
the crowns shall be to helem , and to tobijah , and to jedaiah , and to hen the son of zephaniah , for a memorial in the temple of yahweh .
therefore i will weep with the weeping of jazer for the vine of sibmah . i will water you with my tears , heshbon , and elealeh : for on your summer fruits and on your harvest the battle shout has fallen .
and will cast them into the furnace of fire . there will be weeping and the gnashing of teeth .
woe to you , you who are full now ! for you will be hungry . woe to you who laugh now ! for you will mourn and weep .
it is changed as clay under the seal , and stands forth as a garment .
thus shall my anger be accomplished , and i will cause my wrath toward them to rest , and i shall be comforted ; and they shall know that i , yahweh , have spoken in my zeal , when i have accomplished my wrath on them .
yes , they sacrificed their sons and their daughters to demons .
i went up by revelation , and i laid before them the good news which i preach among the gentiles , but privately before those who were respected , for fear that i might be running , or had run , in vain .
for there are also many unruly men , vain talkers and deceivers , especially those of the circumcision ,
now in the things which we are saying , the main point is this . we have such a high priest , who sat down on the right hand of the throne of the majesty in the heavens ,
arise , get you to zarephath , which belongs to sidon , and dwell there : behold , i have commanded a widow there to sustain you .
the angel of yahweh appeared to him in a flame of fire out of the midst of a bush . he looked , and behold , the bush burned with fire , and the bush was not consumed .
on the twenty - fourth day of the eleventh month , which is the month shebat , in the second year of darius , the word of yahweh came to zechariah the son of berechiah , the son of iddo , the prophet , saying ,
therefore let us keep the feast , not with old yeast , neither with the yeast of malice and wickedness , but with the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth .
but jehoiada grew old and was full of days , and he died ; one hundred thirty years old was he when he died .
the kingdom and the dominion , and the greatness of the kingdoms under the whole sky , shall be given to the people of the saints of the most high : his kingdom is an everlasting kingdom , and all dominions shall serve and obey him .
for entangled like thorns , and drunken as with their drink , they are consumed utterly like dry stubble .
then he told the man , stretch out your hand . he stretched it out ; and it was restored whole , just like the other .
in the thickness of the wall of the court toward the east , before the separate place , and before the building , there were chambers .
she lived under the palm tree of deborah between ramah and bethel in the hill country of ephraim : and the children of israel came up to her for judgment .
out of the tribe of issachar , kishion with its suburbs , daberath with its suburbs ,
the captain of the guard took jeremiah , and said to him , yahweh your god pronounced this evil on this place ;
this is the word that i covenanted with you when you came out of egypt , and my spirit lived among you . do n't be afraid . '
as clouds and wind without rain , so is he who boasts of gifts deceptively .
their camels , four hundred thirty - five ; their donkeys , six thousand seven hundred and twenty .
the first creature was like a lion , and the second creature like a calf , and the third creature had a face like a man , and the fourth was like a flying eagle .
they sacrifice on the tops of the mountains , and burn incense on the hills , under oaks and poplars and terebinths , because its shade is good . therefore your daughters play the prostitute , and your brides commit adultery .
now jesus stood before the governor : and the governor asked him , saying , are you the king of the jews ? jesus said to him , so you say .
lament , mourn , and weep . let your laughter be turned to mourning , and your joy to gloom .
all who sat in the council , fastening their eyes on him , saw his face like it was the face of an angel .
concerning the prophets . my heart within me is broken , all my bones shake ; i am like a drunken man , and like a man whom wine has overcome , because of yahweh , and because of his holy words .
it shall be , when the officers have made an end of speaking to the people , that they shall appoint captains of armies at the head of the people .
make a joyful shout to god , all the earth !
heshbon cries out with elealeh . their voice is heard even to jahaz . therefore the armed men of moab cry aloud . their souls tremble within them .
but he passed away , and behold , he was not . yes , i sought him , but he could not be found .
if i say , i will forget my complaint , i will put off my sad face , and cheer up ; '
they brought up the ark of yahweh , and the tent of meeting , and all the holy vessels that were in the tent ; even these did the priests and the levites bring up .
take the sum of all the congregation of the children of israel , from twenty years old and upward , by their fathers ' houses , all who are able to go forth to war in israel .
as you would like people to do to you , do exactly so to them .
if evil come on us , the sword , judgment , or pestilence , or famine , we will stand before this house , and before you , ( for your name is in this house ) , and cry to you in our affliction , and you will hear and save .
then hear from heaven , even from your dwelling place , and do according to all that the foreigner calls to you for ; that all the peoples of the earth may know your name , and fear you , as does your people israel , and that they may know that this house which i have built is called by your name .
none is so fierce that he dare stir him up . who then is he who can stand before me ?
they therefore departed from the presence of the council , rejoicing that they were counted worthy to suffer dishonor for jesus ' name .
moses spoke to yahweh , saying ,
no , in all these things , we are more than conquerors through him who loved us .
he was very thirsty , and called on yahweh , and said , you have given this great deliverance by the hand of your servant ; and now shall i die for thirst , and fall into the hand of the uncircumcised .
of the levites , ahijah was over the treasures of the house of god , and over the treasures of the dedicated things .
the woman conceived , and bore a son . when she saw that he was a fine child , she hid him three months .
however , the most high does n't dwell in temples made with hands , as the prophet says ,
aaron took as moses spoke , and ran into the midst of the assembly ; and behold , the plague was begun among the people : and he put on the incense , and made atonement for the people .
namely , bezer in the wilderness , in the plain country , for the reubenites ; and ramoth in gilead , for the gadites ; and golan in bashan , for the manassites .
for the fortified city is solitary , a habitation deserted and forsaken , like the wilderness . the calf will feed there , and there he will lie down , and consume its branches .
all the people , even the men of war who were with him , went up , and drew near , and came before the city , and encamped on the north side of ai : now there was a valley between him and ai .
it shall be , when you are come in to the land which yahweh your god gives you for an inheritance , and possess it , and dwell therein ,
neither does one jostle another ; they march everyone in his path , and they burst through the defenses , and do n't break ranks .
behold , a prophet came near to ahab king of israel , and said , thus says yahweh , have you seen all this great multitude ? behold , i will deliver it into your hand this day ; and you shall know that i am yahweh .
because you are glad , because you rejoice , o you who plunder my heritage , because you are wanton as a heifer that treads out the grain , and neigh as strong horses ;
do n't be deceived . god is not mocked , for whatever a man sows , that he will also reap .
you shall take no ransom for him who is fled to his city of refuge , that he may come again to dwell in the land , until the death of the priest .
confuse them , lord , and confound their language , for i have seen violence and strife in the city .
for by your words you will be justified , and by your words you will be condemned .
but let the righteous be glad . let them rejoice before god . yes , let them rejoice with gladness .
he said to them , take heed what you hear . with whatever measure you measure , it will be measured to you , and more will be given to you who hear .
i will stretch over jerusalem the line of samaria , and the plummet of the house of ahab ; and i will wipe jerusalem as a man wipes a dish , wiping it and turning it upside down .
elisha said to her , what shall i do for you ? tell me ; what have you in the house ? she said , your handmaid has nothing in the house , except a pot of oil .
you also once walked in those , when you lived in them ;
there are also celestial bodies , and terrestrial bodies ; but the glory of the celestial differs from that of the terrestrial .
nevertheless my eye spared them , and i did n't destroy them , neither did i make a full end of them in the wilderness .
the border went down to the brook of kanah , southward of the brook : these cities belonged to ephraim among the cities of manasseh : and the border of manasseh was on the north side of the brook , and the goings out of it were at the sea :
for without cause they have hidden their net in a pit for me . without cause they have dug a pit for my soul .
woe to you , scribes and pharisees , hypocrites ! for you travel around by sea and land to make one proselyte ; and when he becomes one , you make him twice as much of a son of gehenna as yourselves .
in the eighth month , in the second year of darius , the word of yahweh came to zechariah the son of berechiah , the son of iddo , the prophet , saying ,
they pour out arrogant words . all the evil - doers boast .
yet i destroyed the amorite before them , whose height was like the height of the cedars , and he was strong as the oaks ; yet i destroyed his fruit from above , and his roots from beneath .
the children of the captivity did so . ezra the priest , with certain heads of fathers ' houses , after their fathers ' houses , and all of them by their names , were set apart ; and they sat down in the first day of the tenth month to examine the matter .
that i may make the voice of thanksgiving to be heard , and tell of all your wondrous works .
serve yahweh with gladness . come before his presence with singing .
therefore love the foreigner ; for you were foreigners in the land of egypt .
but they said , we will drink no wine ; for jonadab the son of rechab , our father , commanded us , saying , you shall drink no wine , neither you , nor your sons , forever :
but he , because he lives forever , has his priesthood unchangeable .
they divide my garments among them . they cast lots for my clothing .
being made free from sin , you became bondservants of righteousness .
for i testify about him , that he has great zeal for you , and for those in laodicea , and for those in hierapolis .
do n't deliver the soul of your dove to wild beasts . do n't forget the life of your poor forever .
as for man , his days are like grass . as a flower of the field , so he flourishes .
he made the lampstand of pure gold . he made the lampstand of beaten work . its base , its shaft , its cups , its buds , and its flowers were of one piece with it .
by reason of the multitude of oppressions they cry out ; they cry for help by reason of the arm of the mighty .
yahweh answered the angel who talked with me with kind and comforting words .
therefore , behold , i will cause them to know , this once will i cause them to know my hand and my might ; and they shall know that my name is yahweh .
but he said to her , you speak as one of the foolish women would speak . what ? shall we receive good at the hand of god , and shall we not receive evil ? in all this job did n't sin with his lips .
it is given to be furbished , that it may be handled : the sword , it is sharpened , yes , it is furbished , to give it into the hand of the killer .
he said , peaceably ; i am come to sacrifice to yahweh : sanctify yourselves , and come with me to the sacrifice . he sanctified jesse and his sons , and called them to the sacrifice .
give , and it will be given to you : good measure , pressed down , shaken together , and running over , will be given to you . for with the same measure you measure it will be measured back to you .
yahweh , i know that the way of man is not in himself : it is not in man who walks to direct his steps .
those who were numbered of them , of the tribe of benjamin , were thirty - five thousand four hundred .
now therefore when i come to your servant my father , and the boy is not with us ; seeing that his life is bound up in the boy 's life ;
a continual dropping on a rainy day and a contentious wife are alike :
and the sash of fine twined linen , and blue , and purple , and scarlet , the work of the embroiderer , as yahweh commanded moses .
he placed the breastplate on him ; and in the breastplate he put the urim and the thummim .
and the fourth row , a chrysolite , an onyx , and a jasper . they were enclosed in gold settings .
his disciples went out , and came into the city , and found things as he had said to them , and they prepared the passover .
they said to you that in the last time there will be mockers , walking after their own ungodly lusts .
he lifted up his eyes , and saw the wayfaring man in the street of the city ; and the old man said , where go you ? and whence come you ?
yahweh , do n't grant the desires of the wicked . do n't let their evil plans succeed , or they will become proud . selah .
the time drew near that israel must die , and he called his son joseph , and said to him , if now i have found favor in your sight , please put your hand under my thigh , and deal kindly and truly with me . please do n't bury me in egypt ,
adonijah feared because of solomon ; and he arose , and went , and caught hold on the horns of the altar .
jesus therefore answered , it is he to whom i will give this piece of bread when i have dipped it . so when he had dipped the piece of bread , he gave it to judas , the son of simon iscariot .
but that you also may know my affairs , how i am doing , tychicus , the beloved brother and faithful servant in the lord , will make known to you all things ;
then they asked him , tell us , please , for whose cause this evil is on us . what is your occupation ? where do you come from ? what is your country ? of what people are you ?
for him who knew no sin he made to be sin on our behalf ; so that in him we might become the righteousness of god .
now i will tell you what i will do to my vineyard . i will take away its hedge , and it will be eaten up . i will break down its wall of it , and it will be trampled down .
when this comes to pass , ( behold , it comes ) , then shall they know that a prophet has been among them .
his bones are full of his youth , but youth shall lie down with him in the dust .
thus were they divided impartially by drawing lots ; for there were princes of the sanctuary , and princes of god , both of the sons of eleazar , and of the sons of ithamar .
then saul said to jonathan , tell me what you have done . jonathan told him , and said , i did certainly taste a little honey with the end of the rod that was in my hand ; and behold , i must die .
this is love , that we should walk according to his commandments . this is the commandment , even as you heard from the beginning , that you should walk in it .
i brought your fathers out of egypt : and you came to the sea ; and the egyptians pursued after your fathers with chariots and with horsemen to the red sea .
he made the poles of acacia wood , and overlaid them with brass .
but mixed themselves with the nations , and learned their works .
stephen , full of faith and power , performed great wonders and signs among the people .
behold , men brought a paralyzed man on a cot , and they sought to bring him in to lay before jesus .
the princes of moab rose up , and they went to balak , and said , balaam refuses to come with us .
then jesus came with them to a place called gethsemane , and said to his disciples , sit here , while i go there and pray .
thus says yahweh , the god of israel , thus shall you tell the king of judah , who sent you to me to inquire of me : behold , pharaoh 's army , which is come forth to help you , shall return to egypt into their own land .
to titus , my true child according to a common faith : grace , mercy , and peace from god the father and the lord jesus christ our savior .
but afterward i will bring back the captivity of the children of ammon , says yahweh .
you were in eden , the garden of god ; every precious stone adorned you : ruby , topaz , emerald , chrysolite , onyx , jasper , sapphire , turquoise , and beryl . gold work of tambourines and of pipes was in you . in the day that you were created they were prepared .
moses entered into the midst of the cloud , and went up on the mountain ; and moses was on the mountain forty days and forty nights .
by this everyone will know that you are my disciples , if you have love for one another .
there will be no night , and they need no lamp light ; for the lord god will illuminate them . they will reign forever and ever .
and the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour for a meal offering , mixed with the fourth part of a hin of beaten oil .
asshur is there and all her company ; her graves are round about her ; all of them slain , fallen by the sword ;
thus says yahweh against all my evil neighbors , who touch the inheritance which i have caused my people israel to inherit : behold , i will pluck them up from off their land , and will pluck up the house of judah from among them .
the princes were angry with jeremiah , and struck him , and put him in prison in the house of jonathan the scribe ; for they had made that the prison .
he will judge the world in righteousness . he will administer judgment to the peoples in uprightness .
my bread also which i gave you , fine flour , and oil , and honey , with which i fed you , you did even set it before them for a sweet savor ; and thus it was , says the lord yahweh .
his master said to him , we wo n't turn aside into the city of a foreigner , that is not of the children of israel ; but we will pass over to gibeah .
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old shall you number them , everyone who enters on the service , to do the work of the tent of meeting .
the angel thrust his sickle into the earth , and gathered the vintage of the earth , and threw it into the great winepress of the wrath of god .
if any of your outcasts are in the uttermost parts of the heavens , from there will yahweh your god gather you , and from there he will bring you back :
at what instant i shall speak concerning a nation , and concerning a kingdom , to build and to plant it ;
if the household is worthy , let your peace come on it , but if it is n't worthy , let your peace return to you .
he said , watch out that you do n't get led astray , for many will come in my name , saying , i am , ' and , the time is at hand . ' therefore do n't follow them .
it happened after this , that the children of moab , and the children of ammon , and with them some of the ammonites , came against jehoshaphat to battle .
he said to him , bring me a heifer three years old , a female goat three years old , a ram three years old , a turtledove , and a young pigeon .
they reasoned with one another , saying , it 's because we have no bread .
he who sins is of the devil , for the devil has been sinning from the beginning . to this end the son of god was revealed , that he might destroy the works of the devil .
you shall strike every fortified city , and every choice city , and shall fell every good tree , and stop all springs of water , and mar every good piece of land with stones .
in the greatness of your excellency , you overthrow those who rise up against you : you send forth your wrath . it consumes them as stubble .
they have turned aside quickly out of the way which i commanded them . they have made themselves a molten calf , and have worshiped it , and have sacrificed to it , and said , these are your gods , israel , which brought you up out of the land of egypt . '
god is our refuge and strength , a very present help in trouble .
there is salvation in none other , for neither is there any other name under heaven , that is given among men , by which we must be saved !
the lamp of the body is the eye . therefore when your eye is good , your whole body is also full of light ; but when it is evil , your body also is full of darkness .
those who fled stand without strength under the shadow of heshbon ; for a fire is gone forth out of heshbon , and a flame from the midst of sihon , and has devoured the corner of moab , and the crown of the head of the tumultuous ones .
it happened , when i , even i daniel , had seen the vision , that i sought to understand it ; and behold , there stood before me as the appearance of a man .
but above all things , my brothers , do n't swear , neither by heaven , nor by the earth , nor by any other oath ; but let your yes be yes , and your no , no ; so that you do n't fall into hypocrisy .
they shall know that i am yahweh their god , in that i caused them to go into captivity among the nations , and have gathered them to their own land ; and i will leave none of them any more there ;
but do n't be far off , yahweh . you are my help : hurry to help me .
it happened in the morning that his spirit was troubled , and he sent and called for all of egypt 's magicians and wise men . pharaoh told them his dreams , but there was no one who could interpret them to pharaoh .
simon peter answered him , lord , to whom would we go ? you have the words of eternal life .
see if there is any wicked way in me , and lead me in the everlasting way .
the voice of my beloved ! behold , he comes , leaping on the mountains , skipping on the hills .
it happened in the eleventh year , in the first month , in the seventh day of the month , that the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
a noise shall come even to the end of the earth ; for yahweh has a controversy with the nations ; he will enter into judgment with all flesh : as for the wicked , he will give them to the sword , says yahweh .
he had also seven sons and three daughters .
seeing that many boast after the flesh , i will also boast .
now hannah , she spoke in her heart ; only her lips moved , but her voice was not heard : therefore eli thought she had been drunken .
do n't stand in the crossroads to cut off those of his who escape . do n't deliver up those of his who remain in the day of distress .
the children also of his servants shall inherit it . those who love his name shall dwell therein .
all the cities of the families of the rest of the children of kohath were ten with their suburbs .
can a man be profitable to god ? surely he who is wise is profitable to himself .
it happened , when rachel had borne joseph , that jacob said to laban , send me away , that i may go to my own place , and to my country .
and to carry the silver and gold , which the king and his counselors have freely offered to the god of israel , whose habitation is in jerusalem ,
teaching them to observe all things that i commanded you . behold , i am with you always , even to the end of the age . amen .
he told her all his heart , and said to her , no razor has ever come on my head ; for i have been a nazirite to god from my mother 's womb . if i am shaved , then my strength will go from me , and i will become weak , and be like any other man .
he who overcomes will be arrayed in white garments , and i will in no way blot his name out of the book of life , and i will confess his name before my father , and before his angels .
all the brothers greet you . greet one another with a holy kiss .
israel said , why did you treat me so badly , telling the man that you had another brother ?
you shall break them with a rod of iron . you shall dash them in pieces like a potter 's vessel .
if i ascend up into heaven , you are there . if i make my bed in sheol , behold , you are there !
a voice was heard in ramah , lamentation , weeping and great mourning , rachel weeping for her children ; she would n't be comforted , because they are no more .
his brothers saw that their father loved him more than all his brothers , and they hated him , and could n't speak peaceably to him .
then ahimelech answered the king , and said , who among all your servants is so faithful as david , who is the king 's son - in - law , and is taken into your council , and is honorable in your house ?
does he who plows to sow plow continually ? does he keep turning the soil and breaking the clods ?
david also took ahinoam of jezreel ; and they became both of them his wives .
moses led the people out of the camp to meet god ; and they stood at the lower part of the mountain .
he shall kill it on the north side of the altar before yahweh . aaron 's sons , the priests , shall sprinkle its blood around on the altar .
his daughter was sheerah , who built beth horon the lower and the upper , and uzzen sheerah .
paul , a prisoner of christ jesus , and timothy our brother , to philemon , our beloved fellow worker ,
you have plowed wickedness . you have reaped iniquity . you have eaten the fruit of lies , for you trusted in your way , in the multitude of your mighty men .
then moses and aaron fell on their faces before all the assembly of the congregation of the children of israel .
why do the nations rage , and the peoples plot a vain thing ?
for you know that even when he afterward desired to inherit the blessing , he was rejected , for he found no place for a change of mind though he sought it diligently with tears .
the burden of tyre . howl , you ships of tarshish ! for it is laid waste , so that there is no house , no entering in . from the land of kittim it is revealed to them .
the jews therefore said , will he kill himself , that he says , where i am going , you ca n't come ? '
and with you will i break in pieces the shepherd and his flock ; and with you will i break in pieces the farmer and his yoke of oxen ; and with you will i break in pieces governors and deputies .
and i will bring you into the wilderness of the peoples , and there will i enter into judgment with you face to face .
the high priest said , are these things so ?
for the lord had made the army of the syrians to hear a noise of chariots , and a noise of horses , even the noise of a great army : and they said one to another , behold , the king of israel has hired against us the kings of the hittites , and the kings of the egyptians , to come on us .
his division , and those who were numbered of them , were fifty - nine thousand three hundred .
suddenly there was a great earthquake , so that the foundations of the prison were shaken ; and immediately all the doors were opened , and everyone 's bonds were loosened .
the seven priests bearing the seven trumpets of rams ' horns before the ark of yahweh went on continually , and blew the trumpets : and the armed men went before them ; and the rearward came after the ark of yahweh , the priests blowing the trumpets as they went .
for most assuredly , i tell you , until heaven and earth pass away , not even one smallest letter or one tiny pen stroke shall in any way pass away from the law , until all things are accomplished .
the king of egypt said to them , why do you , moses and aaron , take the people from their work ? get back to your burdens !
it had been revealed to him by the holy spirit that he should not see death before he had seen the lord 's christ .
fathers , do n't provoke your children , so that they wo n't be discouraged .
and you shall offer for the drink offering half a hin of wine , for an offering made by fire , of a sweet savor to yahweh .
for , behold , they have gone away from destruction . egypt will gather them up . memphis will bury them . nettles will possess their pleasant things of silver . thorns will be in their tents .
i am indeed a jew , born in tarsus of cilicia , but brought up in this city at the feet of gamaliel , instructed according to the strict manner of the law of our fathers , being zealous for god , even as you all are this day .
it happened that when jesus had finished directing his twelve disciples , he departed from there to teach and preach in their cities .
a certain centurion 's servant , who was dear to him , was sick and at the point of death .
yahweh said to moses , tell aaron , take your rod , and stretch out your hand over the waters of egypt , over their rivers , over their streams , and over their pools , and over all their ponds of water , that they may become blood ; and there shall be blood throughout all the land of egypt , both in vessels of wood and in vessels of stone . '
david said to all his servants who were with him at jerusalem , arise , and let us flee ; for else none of us shall escape from absalom : make speed to depart , lest he overtake us quickly , and bring down evil on us , and strike the city with the edge of the sword .
be it known therefore to you , that the salvation of god is sent to the nations . they will also listen .
woe to you , land , when your king is a child , and your princes eat in the morning !
he fell on his face at jesus ' feet , giving him thanks ; and he was a samaritan .
your lips are like scarlet thread . your mouth is lovely . your temples are like a piece of a pomegranate behind your veil .
is it at your command that the eagle mounts up , and makes his nest on high ?
you fathers , do n't provoke your children to wrath , but nurture them in the discipline and instruction of the lord .
after this thing jeroboam did n't return from his evil way , but made again from among all the people priests of the high places : whoever would , he consecrated him , that there might be priests of the high places .
then i will establish the throne of your kingdom , according as i covenanted with david your father , saying , there shall not fail you a man to be ruler in israel .
do n't eat the food of him who has a stingy eye , and do n't crave his delicacies :
all flying insects that walk on all fours are an abomination to you .
isaiah said , take a cake of figs . they took and laid it on the boil , and he recovered .
he said to them , it is n't for you to know times or seasons which the father has set within his own authority .
until yahweh give rest to your brothers , as to you , and they also possess the land which yahweh your god gives them beyond the jordan : then shall you return every man to his possession , which i have given you .
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
for whoever shall keep the whole law , and yet stumble in one point , he has become guilty of all .
circumcision is nothing , and uncircumcision is nothing , but the keeping of the commandments of god .
then answered they and said before the king , that daniel , who is of the children of the captivity of judah , does n't regard you , o king , nor the interdict that you have signed , but makes his petition three times a day .
to him who made the great lights ; for his loving kindness endures forever :
this is the history of the generations of noah . noah was a righteous man , blameless among the people of his time . noah walked with god .
she spoke to him according to these words , saying , the hebrew servant , whom you have brought to us , came in to me to mock me ,
in those days , while mordecai was sitting in the king 's gate , two of the king 's chamberlains , bigthan and teresh , of those who kept the threshold , were angry , and sought to lay hands on the king ahasuerus .
pharaoh said , behold , the people of the land are now many , and you make them rest from their burdens .
he also drove out the nations before them , allotted them for an inheritance by line , and made the tribes of israel to dwell in their tents .
the grace of our lord jesus christ be with your spirit . amen .
yahweh said to moses , when you go back into egypt , see that you do before pharaoh all the wonders which i have put in your hand , but i will harden his heart and he will not let the people go .
her nobles were purer than snow , they were whiter than milk ; they were more ruddy in body than rubies , their polishing was as of sapphire .
concerning jehoiakim king of judah you shall say , thus says yahweh : you have burned this scroll , saying , why have you written therein , saying , the king of babylon shall certainly come and destroy this land , and shall cause to cease from there man and animal ?
yahweh said to joshua , get you up ; why are you thus fallen on your face ?
in that hour the disciples came to jesus , saying , who then is greatest in the kingdom of heaven ?
for your arrows have pierced me , your hand presses hard on me .
he went with him , and a great multitude followed him , and they pressed upon him on all sides .
he overlaid also the house , the beams , the thresholds , and the walls of it , and the doors of it , with gold ; and engraved cherubim on the walls .
for thus says yahweh , behold , i will sling out the inhabitants of the land at this time , and will distress them , that they may feel it .
that your days may be multiplied , and the days of your children , in the land which yahweh swore to your fathers to give them , as the days of the heavens above the earth .
rehoboam went to shechem ; for all israel were come to shechem to make him king .
go you , inquire of yahweh for me , and for the people , and for all judah , concerning the words of this book that is found ; for great is the wrath of yahweh that is kindled against us , because our fathers have not listened to the words of this book , to do according to all that which is written concerning us .
how he entered into the house of god when abiathar was high priest , and ate the show bread , which it is not lawful to eat except for the priests , and gave also to those who were with him ?
and their meal offering , fine flour mixed with oil , three tenth parts for every bull of the thirteen bulls , two tenth parts for each ram of the two rams ,
demetrius has the testimony of all , and of the truth itself ; yes , we also testify , and you know that our testimony is true .
if now you have understanding , hear this . listen to the voice of my words .
let my tongue sing of your word , for all your commandments are righteousness .
he said , do n't lay your hand on the boy , neither do anything to him . for now i know that you fear god , seeing you have not withheld your son , your only son , from me .
preaching boldly in the name of the lord . he spoke and disputed against the hellenists , but they were seeking to kill him .
and i will clothe him with your robe , and strengthen him with your belt . i will commit your government into his hand ; and he will be a father to the inhabitants of jerusalem , and to the house of judah .
and they entered into the boat , and were going over the sea to capernaum . it was now dark , and jesus had not come to them .
their father said to them , which way did he go ? now his sons had seen which way the man of god went , who came from judah .
behold , i come quickly . blessed is he who keeps the words of the prophecy of this book .
moses turned , and went down from the mountain , with the two tablets of the testimony in his hand ; tablets that were written on both their sides ; on the one side and on the other they were written .
great is yahweh , and greatly to be praised ! his greatness is unsearchable .
my dwelling is removed , and is carried away from me like a shepherd 's tent . i have rolled up , like a weaver , my life . he will cut me off from the loom . from day even to night you will make an end of me .
jesus said to him , you shall love the lord your god with all your heart , and with all your soul , and with all your mind . '
azariah the priest went in after him , and with him eighty priests of yahweh , who were valiant men :
saul said , cast lots between me and jonathan my son . jonathan was taken .
remove your scourge away from me . i am overcome by the blow of your hand .
there the centurion found a ship of alexandria sailing for italy , and he put us on board .
the children of israel shall pitch their tents , every man by his own camp , and every man by his own standard , according to their divisions .
therefore the children of israel do n't eat the sinew of the hip , which is on the hollow of the thigh , to this day , because he touched the hollow of jacob 's thigh in the sinew of the hip .
then hezekiah commanded to prepare chambers in the house of yahweh ; and they prepared them .
saying , what do you think of the christ ? whose son is he ? they said to him , of david .
i have therefore my boasting in christ jesus in things pertaining to god .
those who were numbered of them , of the tribe of naphtali , were fifty - three thousand four hundred .
so my heavenly father will also do to you , if you do n't each forgive your brother from your hearts for his misdeeds .
the waters receded from the earth continually . after the end of one hundred fifty days the waters decreased .
then justice will dwell in the wilderness ; and righteousness will remain in the fruitful field .
knowing that the putting off of my tent comes swiftly , even as our lord jesus christ made clear to me .
the king answered , i know of a certainty that you would gain time , because you see the thing is gone from me .
how the christ must suffer , and how , by the resurrection of the dead , he would be first to proclaim light both to these people and to the gentiles .
but you , brothers , do n't be weary in doing well .
the egyptians pursued after them : all the horses and chariots of pharaoh , his horsemen , and his army ; and overtook them encamping by the sea , beside pihahiroth , before baal zephon .
in the twenty - fourth day of the month , in the sixth month , in the second year of darius the king .
and they shall bring the glory and the honor of the nations into it so that they may enter .
know this for sure , that no sexually immoral person , nor unclean person , nor covetous man , who is an idolater , has any inheritance in the kingdom of christ and god .
nor can they prove to you the things of which they now accuse me .
for thus says the lord yahweh : i will bring up a company against them , and will give them to be tossed back and forth and robbed .
he took him into the field of zophim , to the top of pisgah , and built seven altars , and offered up a bull and a ram on every altar .
so you also have some who hold to the teaching of the nicolaitans likewise .
moses commanded the children of israel according to the word of yahweh , saying , the tribe of the sons of joseph speaks right .
whoever robs his father or his mother , and says , it 's not wrong . he is a partner with a destroyer .
therefore we said , let us now prepare to build us an altar , not for burnt offering , nor for sacrifice :
salvation belongs to yahweh . your blessing be on your people . selah .
and saying , if you are the king of the jews , save yourself !
when i came to you , brothers , i did n't come with excellence of speech or of wisdom , proclaiming to you the testimony of god .
she hurried , and emptied her pitcher into the trough , and ran again to the well to draw , and drew for all his camels .
moses wrote their goings out according to their journeys by the commandment of yahweh : and these are their journeys according to their goings out .
when you go , your steps will not be hampered . when you run , you will not stumble .
i will put forth my hand and strike egypt with all my wonders which i will do in the midst of it , and after that he will let you go .
the captain of the guard took seraiah the chief priest , and zephaniah the second priest , and the three keepers of the threshold :
another angel came out from the temple , crying with a loud voice to him who sat on the cloud , send forth your sickle , and reap ; for the hour to reap has come ; for the harvest of the earth is ripe !
beside the gates , at the entry of the city , at the entry doors , she cries aloud :
in that time , a present will be brought to yahweh of armies from a people tall and smooth , even from a people awesome from their beginning onward , a nation that measures out and treads down , whose land the rivers divide , to the place of the name of yahweh of armies , mount zion .
they shall go forth , and look on the dead bodies of the men who have transgressed against me : for their worm shall not die , neither shall their fire be quenched ; and they shall be an abhorring to all flesh .
be glad in yahweh , you righteous people ! give thanks to his holy name .
pay attention to him , and listen to his voice . do n't provoke him , for he will not pardon your disobedience , for my name is in him .
but let your yes ' be yes ' and your no ' be no . ' whatever is more than these is of the evil one .
for thus says yahweh : david shall never want a man to sit on the throne of the house of israel ;
but of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil , you shall not eat of it ; for in the day that you eat of it you will surely die .
but i will sing of your strength . yes , i will sing aloud of your loving kindness in the morning . for you have been my high tower , a refuge in the day of my distress .
you are wearied in the multitude of your counsels : let now the astrologers , the stargazers , the monthly prognosticators , stand up , and save you from the things that shall come on you .
he said , i saw all israel scattered on the mountains , as sheep that have no shepherd : and yahweh said , these have no master ; let them return every man to his house in peace .
you shall hang up the veil under the clasps , and shall bring the ark of the testimony in there within the veil : and the veil shall separate the holy place from the most holy for you .
one who winks his eyes to plot perversities , one who compresses his lips , is bent on evil .
korah assembled all the congregation against them to the door of the tent of meeting : and the glory of yahweh appeared to all the congregation .
the sea coast will be pastures , with cottages for shepherds and folds for flocks .
joshua the son of nun was full of the spirit of wisdom ; for moses had laid his hands on him : and the children of israel listened to him , and did as yahweh commanded moses .
god has spoken once , twice i have heard this , that power belongs to god .
therefore turn to your god . keep kindness and justice , and wait continually for your god .
for their rock is not as our rock , even our enemies themselves being judges .
judah said to israel , his father , send the boy with me , and we 'll get up and go , so that we may live , and not die , both we , and you , and also our little ones .
they brought horses for solomon out of egypt , and out of all lands .
for david did n't ascend into the heavens , but he says himself , the lord said to my lord , sit by my right hand ,
to timothy , my beloved child : grace , mercy , and peace , from god the father and christ jesus our lord .
now in return , i speak as to my children , you also be open wide .
shall they not teach you , tell you , and utter words out of their heart ?
i heard one speaking to me out of the house ; and a man stood by me .
many waters ca n't quench love , neither can floods drown it . if a man would give all the wealth of his house for love , he would be utterly scorned . friends
one young bull , one ram , one male lamb a year old , for a burnt offering ;
vindicate me , yahweh my god , according to your righteousness ; do n't let them gloat over me .
under their hand was an army , three hundred thousand and seven thousand and five hundred , who made war with mighty power , to help the king against the enemy .
but it happened , when nebuchadnezzar king of babylon came up into the land , that we said , come , and let us go to jerusalem for fear of the army of the chaldeans , and for fear of the army of the syrians ; so we dwell at jerusalem .
i know your works , oppression , and your poverty ( but you are rich ) , and the blasphemy of those who say they are jews , and they are not , but are a synagogue of satan .
cursed be he who does n't confirm the words of this law to do them . all the people shall say , amen .
when the children of ammon saw that they were become odious to david , the children of ammon sent and hired the syrians of beth rehob , and the syrians of zobah , twenty thousand footmen , and the king of maacah with one thousand men , and the men of tob twelve thousand men .
son of man , because tyre has said against jerusalem , aha , she is broken : the gate of the peoples ; she is turned to me ; i shall be replenished , now that she is laid waste :
he offered for his offering : one silver platter , the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels , one silver bowl of seventy shekels , after the shekel of the sanctuary ; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering ;
praise yahweh , jerusalem ! praise your god , zion !
but woe to those who are with child and to those who nurse babies in those days !
like a fluttering sparrow , like a darting swallow , so the undeserved curse does n't come to rest .
he who is truthful testifies honestly , but a false witness lies .
my skin grows black and peels from me . my bones are burned with heat .
for whoever finds me , finds life , and will obtain favor from yahweh .
over the king 's treasures was azmaveth the son of adiel : and over the treasures in the fields , in the cities , and in the villages , and in the towers , was jonathan the son of uzziah :
all the people went to gilgal ; and there they made saul king before yahweh in gilgal ; and there they offered sacrifices of peace offerings before yahweh ; and there saul and all the men of israel rejoiced greatly .
have n't you poured me out like milk , and curdled me like cheese ?
for it was of yahweh to harden their hearts , to come against israel in battle , that he might utterly destroy them , that they might have no favor , but that he might destroy them , as yahweh commanded moses .
but you said , no , for we will flee on horses ; therefore you will flee ; and , we will ride on the swift ; therefore those who pursue you will be swift .
yahweh , your hand is lifted up , yet they do n't see ; but they will see your zeal for the people , and be disappointed . yes , fire will consume your adversaries .
unleavened bread , unleavened cakes mixed with oil , and unleavened wafers anointed with oil : you shall make them of fine wheat flour .
even as jannes and jambres opposed moses , so do these also oppose the truth ; men corrupted in mind , reprobate concerning the faith .
for ships of kittim shall come against him ; therefore he shall be grieved , and shall return , and have indignation against the holy covenant , and shall do his pleasure : he shall even return , and have regard to those who forsake the holy covenant .
but you will go to your fathers in peace . you will be buried in a good old age .
out of the spoil won in battles did they dedicate to repair the house of yahweh .
he called for lights and sprang in , and , fell down trembling before paul and silas ,
the fifth angel sounded , and i saw a star from the sky which had fallen to the earth . the key to the pit of the abyss was given to him .
so david rose up early , he and his men , to depart in the morning , to return into the land of the philistines . the philistines went up to jezreel .
a great sign was seen in heaven : a woman clothed with the sun , and the moon under her feet , and on her head a crown of twelve stars .
that you may eat and drink at my table in my kingdom . you will sit on thrones , judging the twelve tribes of israel .
the earthen vessel , which he who has the discharge touches , shall be broken ; and every vessel of wood shall be rinsed in water .
command you the people , saying , you are to pass through the border of your brothers the children of esau , who dwell in seir ; and they will be afraid of you : take good heed to yourselves therefore ;
for i know my transgressions . my sin is constantly before me .
thus says yahweh , the god of israel , behold , i will turn back the weapons of war that are in your hands , with which you fight against the king of babylon , and against the chaldeans who besiege you , without the walls ; and i will gather them into the midst of this city .
hear my prayer , yahweh ! let my cry come to you .
so pursue them with your tempest , and terrify them with your storm .
he said these things , and after that , he said to them , our friend , lazarus , has fallen asleep , but i am going so that i may awake him out of sleep .
then men shall say , because they forsook the covenant of yahweh , the god of their fathers , which he made with them when he brought them forth out of the land of egypt ,
now therefore do n't hold him guiltless , for you are a wise man ; and you will know what you ought to do to him , and you shall bring his gray head down to sheol with blood .
the sons of gad lived over against them , in the land of bashan to salecah :
but jonathan did n't hear when his father charged the people with the oath : therefore he put forth the end of the rod who was in his hand , and dipped it in the honeycomb , and put his hand to his mouth ; and his eyes were enlightened .
if then god gave to them the same gift as us , when we believed in the lord jesus christ , who was i , that i could withstand god ?
you were dead through your trespasses and the uncircumcision of your flesh . he made you alive together with him , having forgiven us all our trespasses ,
you shall fall by the sword ; i will judge you in the border of israel ; and you shall know that i am yahweh .
love is patient and is kind ; love does n't envy . love does n't brag , is not proud ,
you shall teach them the statutes and the laws , and shall show them the way in which they must walk , and the work that they must do .
when the mourning was past , david sent and took her home to his house , and she became his wife , and bore him a son . but the thing that david had done displeased yahweh .
the messenger said to david , the men prevailed against us , and came out to us into the field , and we were on them even to the entrance of the gate .
for the earth bears fruit : first the blade , then the ear , then the full grain in the ear .
they were willing therefore to receive him into the boat . immediately the boat was at the land where they were going .
but i tell you that elijah has come , and they have also done to him whatever they wanted to , even as it is written about him .
hushai said moreover , you know your father and his men , that they are mighty men , and they are fierce in their minds , as a bear robbed of her cubs in the field ; and your father is a man of war , and will not lodge with the people .
your father made our yoke grievous : now therefore make you the grievous service of your father , and his heavy yoke which he put on us , lighter , and we will serve you .
neither with you only do i make this covenant and this oath ,
but he answered them , when it is evening , you say , it will be fair weather , for the sky is red . '
thus were the travels of the children of israel according to their armies ; and they set forward .
do n't neglect the gift that is in you , which was given to you by prophecy , with the laying on of the hands of the elders .
in time of security shall he come even on the fattest places of the province ; and he shall do that which his fathers have not done , nor his fathers ' fathers ; he shall scatter among them prey , and spoil , and substance : yes , he shall devise his devices against the strongholds , even for a time .
moses answered them , wait , that i may hear what yahweh will command concerning you .
jeroboam said to his wife , please get up and disguise yourself , that you not be known to be the wife of jeroboam ; and get you to shiloh : behold , there is ahijah the prophet , who spoke concerning me that i should be king over this people .
and desiring to be fed with the crumbs that fell from the rich man 's table . yes , even the dogs came and licked his sores .
azariah the chief priest , of the house of zadok , answered him and said , since the people began to bring the offerings into the house of yahweh , we have eaten and had enough , and have left plenty : for yahweh has blessed his people ; and that which is left is this great store .
that i may give wealth to those who love me . i fill their treasuries .
how then would the scriptures be fulfilled that it must be so ?
they are all plain to him who understands , right to those who find knowledge .
now therefore , if it seem good to the king , let there be search made in the king 's treasure house , which is there at babylon , whether it be so , that a decree was made of cyrus the king to build this house of god at jerusalem ; and let the king send his pleasure to us concerning this matter .
if we say that we have no sin , we deceive ourselves , and the truth is not in us .
the sun will not harm you by day , nor the moon by night .
the mountains quake before him , and the hills melt away . the earth trembles at his presence , yes , the world , and all who dwell in it .
why should you be beaten more , that you revolt more and more ? the whole head is sick , and the whole heart faint .
you shall eat , but not be satisfied . your humiliation will be in your midst . you will store up , but not save ; and that which you save i will give up to the sword .
yahweh has commanded concerning you : no more descendants will bear your name . out of the house of your gods , will i cut off the engraved image and the molten image . i will make your grave , for you are vile .
he brought in the priests and the levites , and gathered them together into the broad place on the east ,
as yahweh commanded moses , so he numbered them in the wilderness of sinai .
let the stars of the twilight of it be dark . let it look for light , but have none , neither let it see the eyelids of the morning ,
it shall happen in the latter days , that the mountain of yahweh 's house shall be established on the top of the mountains , and shall be raised above the hills ; and all nations shall flow to it .
let every wise - hearted man among you come , and make all that yahweh has commanded :
do you open your eyes on such a one , and bring me into judgment with you ?
and you shall keep it until the fourteenth day of the same month ; and the whole assembly of the congregation of israel shall kill it at evening .
yahweh saw that leah was hated , and he opened her womb , but rachel was barren .
if you walk contrary to me , and wo n't listen to me , then i will bring seven times more plagues on you according to your sins .
we 'll find all valuable wealth . we 'll fill our houses with spoil .
and because you are children , god sent out the spirit of his son into your hearts , crying , abba , father !
a wild donkey used to the wilderness , that snuffs up the wind in her desire ; in her occasion who can turn her away ? all those who seek her will not weary themselves ; in her month they shall find her .
it was told him by some saying , your mother and your brothers stand outside , desiring to see you .
the king 's favor is toward a servant who deals wisely , but his wrath is toward one who causes shame .
the father of circumcision to those who not only are of the circumcision , but who also walk in the steps of that faith of our father abraham , which he had in uncircumcision .
his servants conspired against him , and put him to death in his own house .
my enemies reproach me all day . those who are mad at me use my name as a curse .
because of your indignation and your wrath , for you have taken me up , and thrown me away .
only you shall not eat the blood ; you shall pour it out on the earth as water .
believe me that i am in the father , and the father in me ; or else believe me for the very works ' sake .
he who sent me is with me . the father has n't left me alone , for i always do the things that are pleasing to him .
observe that which i command you this day . behold , i drive out before you the amorite , the canaanite , the hittite , the perizzite , the hivite , and the jebusite .
he who loves father or mother more than me is not worthy of me ; and he who loves son or daughter more than me is n't worthy of me .
let us make , please , a little chamber on the wall ; and let us set for him there a bed , and a table , and a seat , and a lamp stand : and it shall be , when he comes to us , that he shall turn in there .
the sons of the prophets who were at bethel came forth to elisha , and said to him , do you know that yahweh will take away your master from your head today ? he said , yes , i know it ; hold your peace .
it is better that you should not vow , than that you should vow and not pay .
then answered david and said to ahimelech the hittite , and to abishai the son of zeruiah , brother to joab , saying , who will go down with me to saul to the camp ? abishai said , i will go down with you .
but i worked for my name 's sake , that it should not be profaned in the sight of the nations , in whose sight i brought them out .
will you show partiality to him ? will you contend for god ?
do n't be deceived , my beloved brothers .
for the mind of the flesh is death , but the mind of the spirit is life and peace ;
on that day yahweh magnified joshua in the sight of all israel ; and they feared him , as they feared moses , all the days of his life .
slanderous men have been in you to shed blood ; and in you they have eaten on the mountains : in the midst of you they have committed lewdness .
when they were by jebus , the day was far spent ; and the servant said to his master , please come and let us turn aside into this city of the jebusites , and lodge in it .
in the fullness of his sufficiency , distress shall overtake him : the hand of everyone who is in misery shall come on him .
from there he went against the inhabitants of debir . ( now the name of debir before was kiriath sepher . )
he said to me , write , blessed are those who are invited to the marriage supper of the lamb . ' he said to me , these are true words of god .
this we will do to them , and let them live ; lest wrath be on us , because of the oath which we swore to them .
he went and joined himself to one of the citizens of that country , and he sent him into his fields to feed pigs .
others , mocking , said , they are filled with new wine .
i said to her , you shall stay with me many days . you shall not play the prostitute , and you shall not be with any other man . i will also be so toward you .
therefore he was obligated in all things to be made like his brothers , that he might become a merciful and faithful high priest in things pertaining to god , to make atonement for the sins of the people .
none of them can by any means redeem his brother , nor give god a ransom for him .
when it was day , he called his disciples , and from them he chose twelve , whom he also named apostles :
while they see for you false visions , while they divine lies to you , to lay you on the necks of the wicked who are deadly wounded , whose day is come in the time of the iniquity of the end .
with absalom went two hundred men out of jerusalem , who were invited , and went in their simplicity ; and they did n't know anything .
however he does n't mean so , neither does his heart think so ; but it is in his heart to destroy , and to cut off not a few nations .
house and riches are an inheritance from fathers , but a prudent wife is from yahweh .
now , israel , what does yahweh your god require of you , but to fear yahweh your god , to walk in all his ways , and to love him , and to serve yahweh your god with all your heart and with all your soul ,
if he brings a lamb as his offering for a sin offering , he shall bring a female without blemish .
he said , i have observed all these things from my youth up .
in the latter time of their kingdom , when the transgressors are come to the full , a king of fierce face , and understanding dark sentences , shall stand up .
they came to jerusalem with psalteries and harps and trumpets to the house of yahweh .
but now , brothers , if i come to you speaking with other languages , what would i profit you , unless i speak to you either by way of revelation , or of knowledge , or of prophesying , or of teaching ?
would your wealth sustain you in distress , or all the might of your strength ?
all the people who were in the city were called together to pursue after them : and they pursued after joshua , and were drawn away from the city .
jacob traveled to succoth , built himself a house , and made shelters for his livestock . therefore the name of the place is called succoth .
and said to them , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , to whom you sent me to present your supplication before him :
they said one to another , we are certainly guilty concerning our brother , in that we saw the distress of his soul , when he begged us , and we would n't listen . therefore this distress has come upon us .
when the jubilee of the children of israel shall be , then will their inheritance be added to the inheritance of the tribe whereunto they shall belong : so will their inheritance be taken away from the inheritance of the tribe of our fathers .
all the cities which you shall give to the levites shall be forty - eight cities ; them shall you give with their suburbs .
then came the word of yahweh to jeremiah , saying ,
neither is it beyond the sea , that you should say , who shall go over the sea for us , and bring it to us , and make us to hear it , that we may do it ?
he who observes the day , observes it to the lord ; and he who does not observe the day , to the lord he does not observe it . he who eats , eats to the lord , for he gives god thanks . he who does n't eat , to the lord he does n't eat , and gives god thanks .
if someone ventures to talk with you , will you be grieved ? but who can withhold himself from speaking ?
and the body of jezebel shall be as dung on the face of the field in the portion of jezreel , so that they shall not say , this is jezebel .
but the man who touches them must be armed with iron and the staff of a spear : they shall be utterly burned with fire in their place
my son , let them not depart from your eyes . keep sound wisdom and discretion :
for he does not afflict willingly , nor grieve the children of men .
to me , the very least of all saints , was this grace given , to preach to the gentiles the unsearchable riches of christ ,
accept , i beg you , the willing offerings of my mouth . yahweh , teach me your ordinances .
i make a decree , that in all the dominion of my kingdom men tremble and fear before the god of daniel ; for he is the living god , and steadfast forever , his kingdom that which shall not be destroyed ; and his dominion shall be even to the end .
when she had brought them near to him to eat , he took hold of her , and said to her , come , lie with me , my sister .
when he has made her drink the water , then it shall happen , if she is defiled , and has committed a trespass against her husband , that the water that causes the curse will enter into her and become bitter , and her body will swell , and her thigh will fall away : and the woman will be a curse among her people .
now there were with us seven brothers . the first married and died , and having no seed left his wife to his brother .
at the return of the year king nebuchadnezzar sent , and brought him to babylon , with the goodly vessels of the house of yahweh , and made zedekiah his brother king over judah and jerusalem .
the anger of yahweh shall not return , until he has executed , and until he have performed the intents of his heart : in the latter days you shall understand it perfectly .
most assuredly i tell you , whatever things you will bind on earth will be have been bound in heaven , and whatever things you will release on earth will have been released in heaven .
let the house of aaron now say that his loving kindness endures forever .
moses said to the judges of israel , kill you everyone his men who have joined themselves to baal peor .
he has put in his heart that he may teach , both he , and oholiab , the son of ahisamach , of the tribe of dan .
because of this , he must offer sacrifices for sins for the people , as well as for himself .
why did the knees receive me ? or why the breast , that i should suck ?
yes , while i was speaking in prayer , the man gabriel , whom i had seen in the vision at the beginning , being caused to fly swiftly , touched me about the time of the evening offering .
let brotherly love continue .
they shall no more sacrifice their sacrifices to the goat idols , after which they play the prostitute . this shall be a statute forever to them throughout their generations . '
who can bring a clean thing out of an unclean ? not one .
sorrowing most of all because of the word which he had spoken , that they should see his face no more . and they accompanied him to the ship .
his division , and those who were numbered of them , were seventy - four thousand six hundred .
he said to me , son of man , see you what they do ? even the great abominations that the house of israel do commit here , that i should go far off from my sanctuary ? but you shall again see yet other great abominations .
since the world began it has never been heard of that anyone opened the eyes of someone born blind .
moses said , consecrate yourselves today to yahweh , yes , every man against his son , and against his brother ; that he may bestow on you a blessing this day .
the watchman said , the morning comes , and also the night . if you will inquire , inquire . come back again .
the sun to rule by day ; for his loving kindness endures forever ;
in that day , says yahweh , there will be the noise of a cry from the fish gate , a wailing from the second quarter , and a great crashing from the hills .
i will open rivers on the bare heights , and springs in the midst of the valleys . i will make the wilderness a pool of water , and the dry land springs of water .
i will remember yah 's deeds ; for i will remember your wonders of old .
now therefore know and consider what you will do ; for evil is determined against our master , and against all his house : for he is such a worthless fellow that one ca n't speak to him .
so jehu the son of jehoshaphat the son of nimshi conspired against joram . ( now joram was keeping ramoth gilead , he and all israel , because of hazael king of syria ;
for the ways of man are before the eyes of yahweh . he examines all his paths .
nevertheless they did n't depart from the sins of the house of jeroboam , with which he made israel to sin , but walked therein : and there remained the asherah also in samaria . )
then came jeremiah from topheth , where yahweh had sent him to prophesy ; and he stood in the court of yahweh 's house , and said to all the people :
the children of benjamin did so , and took them wives , according to their number , of those who danced , whom they carried off : and they went and returned to their inheritance , and built the cities , and lived in them .
on the fourth day ten bulls , two rams , fourteen male lambs a year old without blemish ;
he said to them , lodge here this night , and i will bring you word again , as yahweh shall speak to me : and the princes of moab abode with balaam .
you shall not oppress a hired servant who is poor and needy , whether he be of your brothers , or of your foreigners who are in your land within your gates :
but he , turning around , and seeing his disciples , rebuked peter , and said , get behind me , satan ! for you have in mind not the things of god , but the things of men .
but we ourselves will be ready armed to go before the children of israel , until we have brought them to their place : and our little ones shall dwell in the fortified cities because of the inhabitants of the land .
judah said to his brothers , what profit is it if we kill our brother and conceal his blood ?
the jordan was the border of it on the east quarter . this was the inheritance of the children of benjamin , by the borders of it round about , according to their families .
for thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel : houses and fields and vineyards shall yet again be bought in this land .
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old , everyone who entered in to do the work of service , and the work of bearing burdens in the tent of meeting ,
by this was god 's love revealed in us , that god has sent his one and only son into the world that we might live through him .
and with you will i break in pieces the horse and his rider ;
he shall burn the garment , whether the warp or the woof , in wool or in linen , or anything of skin , in which the plague is : for it is a destructive mildew . it shall be burned in the fire .
and the cloth that had been on his head , not lying with the linen cloths , but rolled up in a place by itself .
but when he saw many of the pharisees and sadducees coming for his baptism , he said to them , you offspring of vipers , who warned you to flee from the wrath to come ?
he said to the disciples , the days will come , when you will desire to see one of the days of the son of man , and you will not see it .
it was a sabbath when jesus made the mud and opened his eyes .
yahweh , you have seen my wrong ; judge you my cause .
if a man lies with his uncle 's wife , he has uncovered his uncle 's nakedness : they shall bear their sin ; they shall die childless .
they grieved isaac 's and rebekah 's spirits .
now therefore , my lord , as yahweh lives , and as your soul lives , seeing yahweh has withheld you from blood guiltiness , and from avenging yourself with your own hand , now therefore let your enemies , and those who seek evil to my lord , be as nabal .
for you are the god of my strength . why have you rejected me ? why do i go mourning because of the oppression of the enemy ?
now the rest of the acts of ahab , and all that he did , and the ivory house which he built , and all the cities that he built , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of israel ?
they brought him to him , and when he saw him , immediately the spirit convulsed him , and he fell on the ground , wallowing and foaming at the mouth .
truth springs out of the earth . righteousness has looked down from heaven .
he sent among them swarms of flies , which devoured them ; and frogs , which destroyed them .
now there were four leprous men at the entrance of the gate : and they said one to another , why sit we here until we die ?
he said , come ! peter stepped down from the boat , and walked on the waters to come to jesus .
now he who made us for this very thing is god , who also gave to us the down payment of the spirit .
do n't give your strength to women , nor your ways to that which destroys kings .
see , yahweh ; for i am in distress ; my heart is troubled ; my heart is turned within me ; for i have grievously rebelled : abroad the sword bereaves , at home there is as death .
i will praise you , lord my god , with my whole heart . i will glorify your name forevermore .
the burden of babylon , which isaiah the son of amoz saw :
lest i strip her naked , and make her bare as in the day that she was born , and make her like a wilderness , and set her like a dry land , and kill her with thirst .
but he denied it before them all , saying , i do n't know what you are talking about .
foreigners will dwell in ashdod , and i will cut off the pride of the philistines .
the first went , and poured out his bowl into the earth , and it became a harmful and evil sore on the people who had the mark of the beast , and who worshiped his image .
he teaches my hands to war ; so that my arms bend a bow of bronze .
he shall bring the bull to the door of the tent of meeting before yahweh ; and he shall lay his hand on the head of the bull , and kill the bull before yahweh .
let me sing for my well beloved a song of my beloved about his vineyard . my beloved had a vineyard on a very fruitful hill .
and out of the city he took an officer who was set over the men of war ; and seven men of those who saw the king 's face , who were found in the city ; and the scribe of the captain of the army , who mustered the people of the land ; and sixty men of the people of the land , who were found in the midst of the city .
and will make an offering by fire to yahweh , a burnt offering , or a sacrifice , to accomplish a vow , or as a freewill offering , or in your set feasts , to make a sweet savor to yahweh , of the herd , or of the flock ;
in the same day both abraham and ishmael , his son , were circumcised .
now david went back and forth from saul to feed his father 's sheep at bethlehem .
now therefore , if you will indeed obey my voice , and keep my covenant , then you shall be my own possession from among all peoples ; for all the earth is mine ;
neither have we obeyed the voice of yahweh our god , to walk in his laws , which he set before us by his servants the prophets .
may the high praises of god be in their mouths , and a two - edged sword in their hand ;
saying , do n't touch my anointed ones , do my prophets no harm .
an honest answer is like a kiss on the lips .
great is yahweh , and greatly to be praised , in the city of our god , in his holy mountain .
there was a great famine in samaria : and behold , they besieged it , until a donkey 's head was sold for eighty pieces of silver , and the fourth part of a kab of dove 's dung for five pieces of silver .
so i will sing praise to your name forever , that i may fulfill my vows daily .
it will happen in that day , that living waters will go out from jerusalem ; half of them toward the eastern sea , and half of them toward the western sea ; in summer and in winter will it be .
if they be married to any of the sons of the other tribes of the children of israel , then will their inheritance be taken away from the inheritance of our fathers , and will be added to the inheritance of the tribe whereunto they shall belong : so will it be taken away from the lot of our inheritance .
a foolish son is the calamity of his father . a wife 's quarrels are a continual dripping .
there went out a champion out of the camp of the philistines , named goliath , of gath , whose height was six cubits and a span .
then i returned and saw all the oppressions that are done under the sun : and behold , the tears of those who were oppressed , and they had no comforter ; and on the side of their oppressors there was power ; but they had no comforter .
now it happened on the third day , that esther put on her royal clothing , and stood in the inner court of the king 's house , over against the king 's house : and the king sat on his royal throne in the royal house , over against the entrance of the house .
he took agag the king of the amalekites alive , and utterly destroyed all the people with the edge of the sword .
they baked unleavened cakes of the dough which they brought forth out of egypt ; for it was n't leavened , because they were thrust out of egypt , and could n't wait , neither had they prepared for themselves any food .
so david prevailed over the philistine with a sling and with a stone , and struck the philistine , and killed him ; but there was no sword in the hand of david .
therefore i tell you , all things whatever you pray and ask for , believe that you have received them , and you shall have them .
you shall sell me food for money , that i may eat ; and give me water for money , that i may drink : only let me pass through on my feet ,
and jehoiakim the king sent men into egypt , namely , elnathan the son of achbor , and certain men with him , into egypt ;
so naomi returned , and ruth the moabitess , her daughter - in - law , with her , who returned out of the country of moab : and they came to bethlehem in the beginning of barley harvest .
having the same conflict which you saw in me , and now hear is in me .
be careful that you do n't do your charitable giving before men , to be seen by them , or else you have no reward from your father who is in heaven .
jacob did so , and fulfilled her week . he gave him rachel his daughter as wife .
lord , i beg you , let now your ear be attentive to the prayer of your servant , and to the prayer of your servants , who delight to fear your name ; and please prosper your servant this day , and grant him mercy in the sight of this man . now i was cup bearer to the king .
on the next day , he was determined to go out into galilee , and he found philip . jesus said to him , follow me .
jehoshaphat slept with his fathers , and was buried with his fathers in the city of david his father ; jehoram his son reigned in his place .
seeing that you seek a proof of christ who speaks in me ; who toward you is not weak , but is powerful in you .
abimelech fought against the city all that day ; and he took the city , and killed the people who were therein : and he beat down the city , and sowed it with salt .
it shall be on aaron 's forehead , and aaron shall bear the iniquity of the holy things , which the children of israel shall make holy in all their holy gifts ; and it shall be always on his forehead , that they may be accepted before yahweh .
and all their wealth . they took captive all their little ones and their wives , and took as plunder everything that was in the house .
i tell you that he will avenge them quickly . nevertheless , when the son of man comes , will he find faith on the earth ?
in their streets , they dress themselves in sackcloth . in their streets and on their housetops , everyone wails , weeping abundantly .
he works to the north , but i ca n't see him ; he turns south , but i ca n't catch a glimpse of him .
therefore the fathers shall eat the sons in the midst of you , and the sons shall eat their fathers ; and i will execute judgments on you ; and the whole remnant of you will i scatter to all the winds .
for whoever will be ashamed of me and of my words , of him will the son of man be ashamed , when he comes in his glory , and the glory of the father , and of the holy angels .
blessed is the nation whose god is yahweh , the people whom he has chosen for his own inheritance .
they cut their provender in the field . they glean the vineyard of the wicked .
but concerning the resurrection of the dead , have n't you read that which was spoken to you by god , saying ,
therefore they will carry away the abundance they have gotten , and that which they have stored up , over the brook of the willows .
that which the rest of the people gave was twenty thousand darics of gold , and two thousand minas of silver , and sixty - seven priests ' garments .
and we will take ten men of one hundred throughout all the tribes of israel , and one hundred of one thousand , and a thousand out of ten thousand , to get food for the people , that they may do , when they come to gibeah of benjamin , according to all the folly that they have worked in israel .
likewise when all the jews who were in moab , and among the children of ammon , and in edom , and who were in all the countries , heard that the king of babylon had left a remnant of judah , and that he had set over them gedaliah the son of ahikam , the son of shaphan ;
again , assuredly i tell you , that if two of you will agree on earth concerning anything that they will ask , it will be done for them by my father who is in heaven .
it happened in the month nisan , in the twentieth year of artaxerxes the king , when wine was before him , that i took up the wine , and gave it to the king . now i had not been before sad in his presence .
a perverse heart will be far from me . i will have nothing to do with evil .
you shall not uncover the nakedness of your father 's sister : she is your father 's near kinswoman .
he will say , cast up , cast up , prepare the way , take up the stumbling - block out of the way of my people .
he took food and was strengthened . saul stayed several days with the disciples who were at damascus .
but absalom pressed him , and he let amnon and all the king 's sons go with him .
then went abimelech to thebez , and encamped against thebez , and took it .
the skillfully woven band that was on it , with which to fasten it on , was of the same piece , like its work ; of gold , of blue , purple , scarlet , and fine twined linen ; as yahweh commanded moses .
all the saints greet you .
if it seem evil to you to serve yahweh , choose you this day whom you will serve ; whether the gods which your fathers served that were beyond the river , or the gods of the amorites , in whose land you dwell : but as for me and my house , we will serve yahweh .
a certain man saw it , and told joab , and said , behold , i saw absalom hanging in an oak .
for i speak to you who are gentiles . since then as i am an apostle to gentiles , i glorify my ministry ;
now at that time the king of babylon 's army was besieging jerusalem ; and jeremiah the prophet was shut up in the court of the guard , which was in the king of judah 's house .
for a multitude of the people , even many of ephraim and manasseh , issachar and zebulun , had not cleansed themselves , yet did they eat the passover otherwise than it is written . for hezekiah had prayed for them , saying , the good yahweh pardon everyone
like as a woman with child , who draws near the time of her delivery , is in pain and cries out in her pangs ; so we have been before you , yahweh .
for the son of man will come in the glory of his father with his angels , and then he will render to everyone according to his deeds .
abimelech chased him , and he fled before him , and there fell many wounded , even to the entrance of the gate .
when they were by the house of micah , they knew the voice of the young man the levite ; and they turned aside there , and said to him , who brought you here ? and what do you in this place ? and what have you here ?
then said david , will the men of keilah deliver up to me and my men into the hand of saul ? yahweh said , they will deliver you up .
jethro rejoiced for all the goodness which yahweh had done to israel , in that he had delivered them out of the hand of the egyptians .
therefore will i give their wives to others , and their fields to those who shall possess them : for everyone from the least even to the greatest is given to covetousness ; from the prophet even to the priest every one deals falsely .
thomas answered him , my lord and my god !
but in his own time revealed his word in the message with which i was entrusted according to the commandment of god our savior ;
then washed i you with water ; yes , i thoroughly washed away your blood from you , and i anointed you with oil .
the sluggard says , there is a lion outside ! i will be killed in the streets !
nebuchadnezzar king of babylon came to the city , while his servants were besieging it ;
in the second year of joash son of joahaz king of israel began amaziah the son of joash king of judah to reign .
they have made it a desolation ; it mourns to me , being desolate ; the whole land is made desolate , because no man lays it to heart .
the finely worked garmentsthe holy garments for aaron the priestthe garments of his sons to minister in the priest 's office ,
it happened , when they had eaten up the grain which they had brought out of egypt , their father said to them , go again , buy us a little more food .
behold , as your life was much set by this day in my eyes , so let my life be much set by in the eyes of yahweh , and let him deliver me out of all oppression .
see now that i , even i , am he , there is no god with me : i kill , and i make alive ; i wound , and i heal ; there is none who can deliver out of my hand .
but even in those days , says yahweh , i will not make a full end with you .
listen , islands , to me ; and listen , you peoples , from far : yahweh has called me from the womb ; from the bowels of my mother has he made mention of my name :
therefore i began to cause my heart to despair concerning all the labor in which i had labored under the sun .
in the thirty - eighth year of asa king of judah began ahab the son of omri to reign over israel : and ahab the son of omri reigned over israel in samaria twenty - two years .
through you , will we push down our adversaries . through your name , will we tread them under who rise up against us .
then that which was spoken through jeremiah the prophet was fulfilled , saying , they took the thirty pieces of silver , the price of him upon whom a price had been set , whom some of the children of israel priced ,
edom shall become an astonishment : everyone who passes by it shall be astonished , and shall hiss at all the plagues of it .
but thanks be to god , that , whereas you were bondservants of sin , you became obedient from the heart to that form of teaching whereunto you were delivered .
six years you shall sow your field , and six years you shall prune your vineyard , and gather in its fruits ;
it happened , while they were greatly perplexed about this , behold , two men stood by them in dazzling clothing .
he sent hadoram his son to king david , to greet him , and to bless him , because he had fought against hadarezer and struck him ; ( for hadarezer had wars with tou ;) and he had with him all manner of vessels of gold and silver and brass .
we said to my lord , the boy ca n't leave his father : for if he should leave his father , his father would die . '
do n't incline my heart to any evil thing , to practice deeds of wickedness with men who work iniquity . do n't let me eat of their delicacies .
bear one another 's burdens , and so fulfill the law of christ .
tell wisdom , you are my sister . call understanding your relative ,
simon peter went up , and drew the net to land , full of great fish , one hundred fifty - three ; and even though there were so many , the net was n't torn .
your silver and your gold is mine ; your wives also and your children , even the best , are mine .
for none of us lives to himself , and none dies to himself .
even those did cyrus king of persia bring forth by the hand of mithredath the treasurer , and numbered them to sheshbazzar , the prince of judah .
and you shall break down their altars , and dash in pieces their pillars , and burn their asherim with fire ; and you shall cut down the engraved images of their gods ; and you shall destroy their name out of that place .
and there were six steps to the throne , with a footstool of gold , which were fastened to the throne , and stays on either side by the place of the seat , and two lions standing beside the stays .
has he struck them as he struck those who struck them ? or are they killed like those who killed them were killed ?
but you , god , will bring them down into the pit of destruction . bloodthirsty and deceitful men shall not live out half their days , but i will trust in you .
nob , the city of the priests , struck he with the edge of the sword , both men and women , children and nursing babies , and oxen and donkeys and sheep , with the edge of the sword .
you say also , behold , what a weariness it is ! ' and you have sniffed at it , says yahweh of armies ; and you have brought that which was taken by violence , the lame , and the sick ; thus you bring the offering . should i accept this at your hand ? says yahweh .
then said jeremiah to them , thus shall you tell zedekiah :
he chooses our inheritance for us , the glory of jacob whom he loved . selah .
having been reminded of the unfeigned faith that is in you ; which lived first in your grandmother lois , and your mother eunice , and , i am persuaded , in you also .
you shall tell them , this is the nation that has not listened to the voice of yahweh their god , nor received instruction : truth is perished , and is cut off from their mouth .
wisdom rests in the heart of one who has understanding , and is even made known in the inward part of fools .
and he shall lay his hand on its head , and kill it before the tent of meeting ; and the sons of aaron shall sprinkle its blood on the altar round about .
the second took her as wife , and he died childless .
hide me from the conspiracy of the wicked , from the noisy crowd of the ones doing evil ;
who gave him a charge over the earth ? or who has appointed him over the whole world ?
they shall live , and to him shall be given of the gold of sheba . men shall pray for him continually . they shall bless him all day long .
who is this king of glory ? yahweh of armies , he is the king of glory . selah .
you have despised my holy things , and have profaned my sabbaths .
now you say , go , tell your lord , behold , elijah is here ; and he will kill me .
immediately he took soldiers and centurions , and ran down to them . they , when they saw the chief captain and the soldiers , stopped beating paul .
the poles shall be in the rings of the ark . they shall not be taken from it .
i will surely hide my face in that day for all the evil which they shall have worked , in that they are turned to other gods .
on an appointed day , herod dressed himself in royal clothing , sat on the throne , and gave a speech to them .
ezra the priest brought the law before the assembly , both men and women , and all who could hear with understanding , on the first day of the seventh month .
but when moses went in before yahweh to speak with him , he took the veil off , until he came out ; and he came out , and spoke to the children of israel that which he was commanded .
for your servants take pleasure in her stones , and have pity on her dust .
a fool shows his annoyance the same day , but one who overlooks an insult is prudent .
my soul has observed your testimonies . i love them exceedingly .
you returned and wept before yahweh ; but yahweh did n't listen to your voice , nor gave ear to you .
how much more will the blood of christ , who through the eternal spirit offered himself without blemish to god , cleanse your conscience from dead works to serve the living god ?
when they had mocked him , they took the robe off of him , and put his clothes on him , and led him away to crucify him .
behold , a king shall reign in righteousness , and princes shall rule in justice .
i turned to see the voice that spoke with me . having turned , i saw seven golden lampstands .
because they have forsaken me , and have burned incense to other gods , that they might provoke me to anger with all the works of their hands ; therefore is my wrath poured out on this place , and it shall not be quenched .
for he will deliver you from the snare of the fowler , and from the deadly pestilence .
nevertheless leave the stump of its roots in the earth , even with a band of iron and brass , in the tender grass of the field ; and let it be wet with the dew of the sky : and let his portion be with the animals in the grass of the earth :
in beatings , in imprisonments , in riots , in labors , in watchings , in fastings ;
as babylon has caused the slain of israel to fall , so at babylon shall fall the slain of all the land .
rehoboam went to shechem : for all israel were come to shechem to make him king .
wo n't the uncircumcision which is by nature , if it fulfills the law , judge you , who with the letter and circumcision are a transgressor of the law ?
isaiah said these things when he saw his glory , and spoke of him .
he brought them to the border of his sanctuary , to this mountain , which his right hand had taken .
he made the boards for the tent : twenty boards for the south side southward .
those who devise mischief in their hearts . they continually gather themselves together for war .
for the king 's word is supreme . who can say to him , what are you doing ?
the disciples told him , rabbi , the jews were just trying to stone you , and are you going there again ?
your adversaries have roared in the midst of your assembly . they have set up their standards as signs .
on this i awakened , and saw ; and my sleep was sweet to me .
like cold water to a thirsty soul , so is good news from a far country .
we know that god does n't listen to sinners , but if anyone is a worshipper of god , and does his will , he listens to him .
yet was she carried away . she went into captivity . her young children also were dashed in pieces at the head of all the streets , and they cast lots for her honorable men , and all her great men were bound in chains .
the taskmasters of the people went out , and their officers , and they spoke to the people , saying , this is what pharaoh says : i will not give you straw .
after him ibzan of bethlehem judged israel .
yahweh sent an angel , who cut off all the mighty men of valor , and the leaders and captains , in the camp of the king of assyria . so he returned with shame of face to his own land . when he was come into the house of his god , those who came forth from his own bowels killed him there with the sword .
as for me , in the first year of darius the mede , i stood up to confirm and strengthen him .
he shall dwell in that city , until he stand before the congregation for judgment , until the death of the high priest that shall be in those days : then shall the manslayer return , and come to his own city , and to his own house , to the city from whence he fled .
you shall not add to the word which i command you , neither shall you diminish from it , that you may keep the commandments of yahweh your god which i command you .
i will bless her , and moreover i will give you a son by her . yes , i will bless her , and she will be a mother of nations . kings of peoples will come from her .
even the dust from your city that clings to us , we wipe off against you . nevertheless know this , that the kingdom of god has come near to you . '
you shall see it , and your heart shall rejoice , and your bones shall flourish like the tender grass : and the hand of yahweh shall be known toward his servants ; and he will have indignation against his enemies .
moreover i will make you a desolation and a reproach among the nations that are round about you , in the sight of all that pass by .
one golden ladle of ten shekels , full of incense ;
however the high places were not taken away ; the people still sacrificed and burnt incense in the high places .
therefore thus says yahweh , who redeemed abraham , concerning the house of jacob : jacob shall no longer be ashamed , neither shall his face grow pale .
i speak by way of disparagement , as though we had been weak . yet however any is bold ( i speak in foolishness ) , i am bold also .
samuel took a sucking lamb , and offered it for a whole burnt offering to yahweh : and samuel cried to yahweh for israel ; and yahweh answered him .
of gold by weight for the vessels of gold , for all vessels of every kind of service ; of silver for all the vessels of silver by weight , for all vessels of every kind of service ;
i will betroth you to me forever . yes , i will betroth you to me in righteousness , in justice , in loving kindness , and in compassion .
ephraim surrounds me with falsehood , and the house of israel with deceit . judah still strays from god , and is unfaithful to the holy one .
therefore her young men shall fall in her streets , and all the men of war shall be brought to silence in that day , says yahweh of armies .
for we know that the whole creation groans and travails in pain together until now .
have mercy on me , yahweh , for i am faint . yahweh , heal me , for my bones are troubled .
if gilead is wicked , surely they are worthless . in gilgal they sacrifice bulls . indeed , their altars are like heaps in the furrows of the field .
but peter said to him , may your silver perish with you , because you thought you could obtain the gift of god with money !
now it was in the heart of david my father to build a house for the name of yahweh , the god of israel .
draw water for the siege . strengthen your fortresses . go into the clay , and tread the mortar . make the brick kiln strong .
they called to lot , and said to him , where are the men who came in to you this night ? bring them out to us , that we may have sex with them .
they asked him , tell us : by what authority do you do these things ? or who is giving you this authority ?
i am still confident of this : i will see the goodness of yahweh in the land of the living .
this thing became a sin ; for the people went to worship before the one , even to dan .
the doors of the side chambers were toward the place that was left , one door toward the north , and another door toward the south : and the breadth of the place that was left was five cubits round about .
the king of assyria carried israel away to assyria , and put them in halah , and on the habor , the river of gozan , and in the cities of the medes ,
i thank my god whenever i remember you ,
i have put my words in your mouth , and have covered you in the shadow of my hand , that i may plant the heavens , and lay the foundations of the earth , and tell zion , you are my people .
but to wear sandals , and not put on two tunics .
he took it into his hands , and went on , eating as he went ; and he came to his father and mother , and gave to them , and they ate : but he did n't tell them that he had taken the honey out of the body of the lion .
for you know the grace of our lord jesus christ , that , though he was rich , yet for your sakes he became poor , that you through his poverty might become rich .
as he was going out into the way , one ran to him , knelt before him , and asked him , good teacher , what shall i do that i may inherit eternal life ?
the young man who told him said , as i happened by chance on mount gilboa , behold , saul was leaning on his spear ; and behold , the chariots and the horsemen followed hard after him .
drought and heat consume the snow waters ; so does sheol those who have sinned .
bel bows down , nebo stoops ; their idols are on the animals , and on the livestock : the things that you carried about are made a load , a burden to the weary animal .
joseph said to them , what deed is this that you have done ? do n't you know that such a man as i can indeed divine ?
take the choice of the flock , and also a pile of wood for the bones under the caldron ; make it boil well ; yes , let the bones of it be boiled in the midst of it .
to the woman he said , i will greatly multiply your pain in childbirth . in pain you will bring forth children . your desire will be for your husband , and he will rule over you .
they shall build houses , and inhabit them ; and they shall plant vineyards , and eat the fruit of them .
he was there with yahweh forty days and forty nights ; he neither ate bread , nor drank water . he wrote on the tablets the words of the covenant , the ten commandments .
the day that you stood before yahweh your god in horeb , when yahweh said to me , assemble me the people , and i will make them hear my words , that they may learn to fear me all the days that they live on the earth , and that they may teach their children .
since it is a righteous thing with god to repay affliction to those who afflict you ,
yet , yahweh , you know all their counsel against me to kill me ; do n't forgive their iniquity , neither blot out their sin from your sight ; but let them be overthrown before you ; deal you with them in the time of your anger .
whose voice shook the earth , then , but now he has promised , saying , yet once more i will shake not only the earth , but also the heavens .
not of works , that no one would boast .
whom will he teach knowledge ? to whom will he explain the message ? those who are weaned from the milk , and drawn from the breasts ?
and resen between nineveh and calah ( the same is the great city ) .
is this thing done by my lord the king , and you have n't shown to your servants who should sit on the throne of my lord the king after him ?
therefore let him who speaks in another language pray that he may interpret .
it happened , as he came near jericho , a certain blind man sat by the road , begging .
thus says yahweh to this people , even so have they loved to wander ; they have not refrained their feet : therefore yahweh does not accept them ; now he will remember their iniquity , and visit their sins .
but when the chief priests and the scribes saw the wonderful things that he did , and the children who were crying in the temple and saying , hosanna to the son of david ! they were indignant ,
sarah , my master 's wife , bore a son to my master when she was old . he has given all that he has to him .
declare his glory among the nations , his marvelous works among all the peoples .
wisdom is before the face of one who has understanding , but the eyes of a fool wander to the ends of the earth .
now it happened in the days of ahasuerus ( this is ahasuerus who reigned from india even to ethiopia , over one hundred twenty - seven provinces ) ,
who confirms the word of his servant , and performs the counsel of his messengers ; who says of jerusalem , she shall be inhabited ; and of the cities of judah , they shall be built , and i will raise up the waste places of it ;
this is the cause why joshua did circumcise : all the people who came forth out of egypt , who were males , even all the men of war , died in the wilderness by the way , after they came forth out of egypt .
now therefore let your hands be strong , and be you valiant ; for saul your lord is dead , and also the house of judah have anointed me king over them .
the mouth of the righteous is a spring of life , but violence covers the mouth of the wicked .
the ones who had been sent were from the pharisees .
for whatever is born of god overcomes the world . this is the victory that has overcome the world : your faith .
the priest of jupiter , whose temple was in front of their city , brought oxen and garlands to the gates , and would have made a sacrifice along with the multitudes .
when his disciples , james and john , saw this , they said , lord , do you want us to command fire to come down from the sky , and destroy them , just as elijah did ?
he shall keep in order the lamps on the pure gold lampstand before yahweh continually .
does he thank that servant because he did the things that were commanded ? i think not .
who was faithful to him who appointed him , as also was moses in all his house .
philip opened his mouth , and beginning from this scripture , preached to him jesus .
you offspring of vipers , how can you , being evil , speak good things ? for out of the abundance of the heart , the mouth speaks .
his splendor is like the sunrise . rays shine from his hand , where his power is hidden .
someone told jacob , and said , behold , your son joseph comes to you , and israel strengthened himself , and sat on the bed .
for i will give you a mouth and wisdom which all your adversaries will not be able to withstand or to contradict .
if your brother , the son of your mother , or your son , or your daughter , or the wife of your bosom , or your friend , who is as your own soul , entice you secretly , saying , let us go and serve other gods , which you have not known , you , nor your fathers ;
when did we see you sick , or in prison , and come to you ? '
when she recognized peter 's voice , she did n't open the gate for joy , but ran in , and reported that peter was standing in front of the gate .
joshua said , hereby you shall know that the living god is among you , and that he will without fail drive out from before you the canaanite , and the hittite , and the hivite , and the perizzite , and the girgashite , and the amorite , and the jebusite .
but on the next day they left the horsemen to go with him , and returned to the barracks .
there shall be no yeast seen with you in all your borders seven days ; neither shall any of the flesh , which you sacrifice the first day at even , remain all night until the morning .
jesus said to him , today , salvation has come to this house , because he also is a son of abraham .
all the kings of the earth sought the presence of solomon , to hear his wisdom , which god had put in his heart .
yet a little while , and the world will see me no more ; but you will see me . because i live , you will live also .
and for the sacrifice of peace offerings , two oxen , five rams , five male goats , and five male lambs a year old . this was the offering of eliab the son of helon .
then they laid their hands on them , and they received the holy spirit .
the seven angels who had the seven trumpets prepared themselves to sound .
moses said to aaron , take your censer , and put fire therein from off the altar , and lay incense thereon , and carry it quickly to the congregation , and make atonement for them : for there is wrath gone out from yahweh ; the plague is begun .
the king said , let him turn to his own house , but let him not see my face . so absalom turned to his own house , and did n't see the king 's face .
but his face fell at that saying , and he went away sorrowful , for he was one who had great possessions .
surely you shall not come into the land , concerning which i swore that i would make you dwell therein , save caleb the son of jephunneh , and joshua the son of nun .
and when we cried to yahweh , he heard our voice , and sent an angel , and brought us forth out of egypt : and behold , we are in kadesh , a city in the uttermost of your border .
but there shall be no more gloom for her who was in anguish . in the former time , he brought into contempt the land of zebulun and the land of naphtali ; but in the latter time he has made it glorious , by the way of the sea , beyond the jordan , galilee of the nations .
for his eyes are on the ways of a man , he sees all his goings .
it happened that the beggar died , and that he was carried away by the angels to abraham 's bosom . the rich man also died , and was buried .
they , when they heard it , were glad , and promised to give him money . he sought how he might conveniently deliver him .
blessed shall you be in the city , and blessed shall you be in the field .
but the queen vashti refused to come at the king 's commandment by the chamberlains : therefore was the king very angry , and his anger burned in him .
so that i come again to my father 's house in peace , and yahweh will be my god ,
every male among the priests shall eat of it : it is most holy .
in this love has been made perfect among us , that we may have boldness in the day of judgment , because as he is , even so are we in this world .
who also made us sufficient as servants of a new covenant ; not of the letter , but of the spirit . for the letter kills , but the spirit gives life .
he shall not honor his father or mother . ' you have made the commandment of god void because of your tradition .
david did as god commanded him : and they struck the army of the philistines from gibeon even to gezer .
we , being jews by nature , and not gentile sinners ,
but if he shall make them null and void after that he has heard them , then he shall bear her iniquity .
according to the foreknowledge of god the father , in sanctification of the spirit , that you may obey jesus christ and be sprinkled in his blood : grace to you and peace be multiplied .
let your father and your mother be glad ! let her who bore you rejoice !
behold , this is the joy of his way : out of the earth shall others spring .
he does n't withdraw his eyes from the righteous , but with kings on the throne , he sets them forever , and they are exalted .
david abode in the wilderness in the strongholds , and remained in the hill country in the wilderness of ziph . saul sought him every day , but god did n't deliver him into his hand .
there were beams in three rows , and window was over against window in three ranks .
appoint for you three men of each tribe : and i will send them , and they shall arise , and walk through the land , and describe it according to their inheritance ; and they shall come to me .
the earth will stagger like a drunken man , and will sway back and forth like a hammock . its disobedience will be heavy on it , and it will fall and not rise again .
therefore seeing we have this ministry , even as we obtained mercy , we do n't faint .
they shall bring all your brothers out of all the nations for an offering to yahweh , on horses , and in chariots , and in litters , and on mules , and on dromedaries , to my holy mountain jerusalem , says yahweh , as the children of israel bring their offering in a clean vessel into the house of yahweh .
when the servant of the man of god was risen early , and gone forth , behold , an army with horses and chariots was round about the city . his servant said to him , alas , my master ! how shall we do ?
jesus said to him , because you have seen me , you have believed . blessed are those who have not seen , and have believed .
all vision has become to you like the words of a book that is sealed , which men deliver to one who is educated , saying , read this , please ; and he says , i ca n't , for it is sealed :
speak also to the children of israel , saying , most assuredly you shall keep my sabbaths : for it is a sign between me and you throughout your generations ; that you may know that i am yahweh who sanctifies you .
then king david sent , and fetched him out of the house of machir the son of ammiel , from lo debar .
unless those days had been shortened , no flesh would have been saved . but for the sake of the chosen ones , those days will be shortened .
also hosah , of the children of merari , had sons : shimri the chief , ( for though he was not the firstborn , yet his father made him chief ) ,
for the kingdom of god is not in word , but in power .
to the beloved apphia , to archippus , our fellow soldier , and to the assembly in your house :
and have cast their gods into the fire ; for they were no gods , but the work of men 's hands , wood and stone ; therefore they have destroyed them .
he made from one blood every nation of men to dwell on all the surface of the earth , having determined appointed seasons , and the boundaries of their dwellings ,
because they have forsaken me , and have burned incense to other gods , that they might provoke me to anger with all the work of their hands , therefore my wrath shall be kindled against this place , and it shall not be quenched .
mordecai told him of all that had happened to him , and the exact sum of the money that haman had promised to pay to the king 's treasuries for the jews , to destroy them .
all the presidents of the kingdom , the deputies and the satraps , the counselors and the governors , have consulted together to establish a royal statute , and to make a strong interdict , that whoever shall ask a petition of any god or man for thirty days , save of you , o king , he shall be cast into the den of lions .
yahweh god said , behold , the man has become like one of us , knowing good and evil . now , lest he put forth his hand , and also take of the tree of life , and eat , and live forever ...
and take double money in your hand , and take back the money that was returned in the mouth of your sacks . perhaps it was an oversight .
furthermore , my son , be admonished : of making many books there is no end ; and much study is a weariness of the flesh .
we inform the king that , if this city be built , and the walls finished , by this means you shall have no portion beyond the river .
but abishai the son of zeruiah helped him , and struck the philistine , and killed him . then the men of david swore to him , saying , you shall go no more out with us to battle , that you do n't quench the lamp of israel .
moab has been at ease from his youth , and he has settled on his lees , and has not been emptied from vessel to vessel , neither has he gone into captivity : therefore his taste remains in him , and his scent is not changed .
immediately all the multitude , when they saw him , were greatly amazed , and running to him greeted him .
all were weeping and mourning her , but he said , do n't weep . she is n't dead , but sleeping .
we are orphans and fatherless ; our mothers are as widows .
yahweh spoke to moses and to aaron , saying ,
gaal the son of ebed said , who is abimelech , and who is shechem , that we should serve him ? is n't he the son of jerubbaal ? and zebul his officer ? serve you the men of hamor the father of shechem : but why should we serve him ?
for herod feared john , knowing that he was a righteous and holy man , and kept him safe . when he heard him , he did many things , and he heard him gladly .
but they insisted , saying , he stirs up the people , teaching throughout all judea , beginning from galilee even to this place .
when evening came , he went out of the city .
she said to the king , it was a true report that i heard in my own land of your acts , and of your wisdom .
the multitude therefore that was with him when he called lazarus out of the tomb , and raised him from the dead , was testifying about it .
it grew great , even to the army of the sky ; and some of the army and of the stars it cast down to the ground , and trampled on them .
with great power , the apostles gave their testimony of the resurrection of the lord jesus . great grace was on them all .
according to the tenor of the law which they shall teach you , and according to the judgment which they shall tell you , you shall do ; you shall not turn aside from the sentence which they shall show you , to the right hand , nor to the left .
then you will understand righteousness and justice , equity and every good path .
the nations were angry , and your wrath came , as did the time for the dead to be judged , and to give your bondservants the prophets , their reward , as well as to the saints , and those who fear your name , to the small and the great ; and to destroy those who destroy the earth .
and ramoth with its suburbs , and anem with its suburbs ;
when he had come into the house , the blind men came to him . jesus said to them , do you believe that i am able to do this ? they told him , yes , lord .
but it happened that when sanballat heard that we were building the wall , he was angry , and took great indignation , and mocked the jews .
samson said to them , if you do after this manner , surely i will be avenged of you , and after that i will cease .
tax collectors also came to be baptized , and they said to him , teacher , what must we do ?
there assembled at jerusalem much people to keep the feast of unleavened bread in the second month , a very great assembly .
every creeping thing that creeps on the earth is an abomination . it shall not be eaten .
if he dedicates his field from the year of jubilee , according to your valuation it shall stand .
this is the offering of aaron and of his sons , which they shall offer to yahweh in the day when he is anointed : the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour for a meal offering perpetually , half of it in the morning , and half of it in the evening .
the high priest stood up , and said to him , have you no answer ? what is this that these testify against you ?
now when they heard this , they were cut to the heart , and said to peter and the rest of the apostles , brothers , what shall we do ?
woe to the wicked ! disaster is upon them ; for the deeds of his hands will be paid back to him .
one has committed abomination with his neighbor 's wife ; and another has lewdly defiled his daughter - in - law ; and another in you has humbled his sister , his father 's daughter .
oil for the light , spices for the anointing oil and for the sweet incense ,
moses charged the people the same day , saying ,
remember this , and show yourselves men ; bring it again to mind , you transgressors .
it was so , when midday was past , that they prophesied until the time of the offering of the evening offering ; but there was neither voice , nor any to answer , nor any who regarded .
the people murmured against moses , saying , what shall we drink ?
she said , no one , lord . jesus said , neither do i condemn you . go your way . from now on , sin no more .
it will happen afterward , that i will pour out my spirit on all flesh ; and your sons and your daughters will prophesy . your old men will dream dreams . your young men will see visions .
it was so , that as often as the king went into the house of yahweh , the guard bore them , and brought them back into the guard chamber .
let us fear therefore , lest perhaps a promise being left of entering into his rest , anyone of you should seem to have come short of it .
i will call for a sword against him to all my mountains , says the lord yahweh : every man 's sword shall be against his brother .
all the trees of the field shall know that i , yahweh , have brought down the high tree , have exalted the low tree , have dried up the green tree , and have made the dry tree to flourish ; i , yahweh , have spoken and have done it .
you have taken away all your wrath . you have turned from the fierceness of your anger .
when the chief baker saw that the interpretation was good , he said to joseph , i also was in my dream , and behold , three baskets of white bread were on my head .
therefore god also highly exalted him , and gave to him the name which is above every name ;
from the daughter of zion all her majesty is departed : her princes are become like harts that find no pasture , they are gone without strength before the pursuer .
grace to you and peace be multiplied in the knowledge of god and of jesus our lord ,
yahweh showed me four craftsmen .
he began to speak to them in parables . a man planted a vineyard , put a hedge around it , dug a pit for the winepress , built a tower , rented it out to a farmer , and went into another country .
the plans of the diligent surely lead to profit ; and everyone who is hasty surely rushes to poverty .
he answered him , unbelieving generation , how long shall i be with you ? how long shall i bear with you ? bring him to me .
but your little ones , that you said should be a prey , them will i bring in , and they shall know the land which you have rejected .
let these words sink into your ears , for the son of man will be delivered up into the hands of men .
when the almighty scattered kings in her , it snowed on zalmon .
he said to abram , know for sure that your seed will live as foreigners in a land that is not theirs , and will serve them . they will afflict them four hundred years .
whoever remains in him does n't sin . whoever sins has n't seen him , neither knows him .
therefore do n't be anxious for tomorrow , for tomorrow will be anxious for itself . each day 's own evil is sufficient .
now when i had returned , behold , on the bank of the river were very many trees on the one side and on the other .
asher did n't drive out the inhabitants of acco , nor the inhabitants of sidon , nor of ahlab , nor of achzib , nor of helbah , nor of aphik , nor of rehob ;
to cleanse the house he shall take two birds , and cedar wood , and scarlet , and hyssop .
you can catch a lizard with your hands , yet it is in kings ' palaces .
and the best seats in the synagogues , and the best places at feasts :
then david inquired of yahweh yet again . yahweh answered him , and said , arise , go down to keilah ; for i will deliver the philistines into your hand .
and thus the secrets of his heart are revealed . so he will fall down on his face and worship god , declaring that god is among you indeed .
and hukok with its suburbs , and rehob with its suburbs ;
he feeds on ashes ; a deceived heart has turned him aside ; and he ca n't deliver his soul , nor say , is there not a lie in my right hand ?
when he had said this , he showed them his hands and his feet .
he stayed yet another seven days , and sent forth the dove ; and she did n't return to him any more .
on the eighth day he sent the people away ; and they blessed the king , and went to their tents joyful and glad of heart for all the goodness that yahweh had shown to david his servant , and to israel his people .
hear another parable . there was a man who was a master of a household , who planted a vineyard , set a hedge about it , dug a winepress in it , built a tower , leased it out to farmers , and went into another country .
therefore i beg you to take some food , for this is for your safety ; for not a hair will perish from any of your heads .
even so ought husbands also to love their own wives as their own bodies . he who loves his own wife loves himself .
how weak is your heart , says the lord yahweh , seeing you do all these things , the work of an impudent prostitute ;
a man shall be satisfied with good by the fruit of his mouth . the work of a man 's hands shall be rewarded to him .
righteousness guards the way of integrity , but wickedness overthrows the sinner .
in the morning you shall say , would it were even ! and at even you shall say , would it were morning ! for the fear of your heart which you shall fear , and for the sight of your eyes which you shall see .
then they asked him , who is the man who said to you , take up your mat , and walk ' ?
for even in thessalonica you sent once and again to my need .
he who receives a prophet in the name of a prophet will receive a prophet 's reward : and he who receives a righteous man in the name of a righteous man will receive a righteous man 's reward .
then i will also walk contrary to you ; and i will strike you , even i , seven times for your sins .
his name shall be called in israel , the house of him who has his shoe untied .
if a man lies carnally with a woman who is a slave girl , pledged to be married to another man , and not ransomed , or given her freedom ; they shall be punished . they shall not be put to death , because she was not free .
in that day you will say , give thanks to yahweh ! call on his name . declare his doings among the peoples . proclaim that his name is exalted !
now the rest of the acts of jeroboam , and all that he did , and his might , how he warred , and how he recovered damascus , and hamath , which had belonged to judah , for israel , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of israel ?
he plots iniquity on his bed . he sets himself in a way that is not good ; he does n't abhor evil .
in that day i will raise up the tent of david who is fallen , and close up its breaches , and i will raise up its ruins , and i will build it as in the days of old ;
therefore you shall no more see false visions , nor practice divination . i will deliver my people out of your hand ; and you shall know that i am yahweh .
now absalom in his lifetime had taken and reared up for himself the pillar , which is in the king 's dale ; for he said , i have no son to keep my name in memory : and he called the pillar after his own name ; and it is called absalom 's monument , to this day .
the words of a gossip are like dainty morsels : they go down into a person 's innermost parts .
then the people of the land took jehoahaz the son of josiah , and made him king in his father 's place in jerusalem .
then will i pluck them up by the roots out of my land which i have given them ; and this house , which i have made holy for my name , will i cast out of my sight , and i will make it a proverb and a byword among all peoples .
for we did not follow cunningly devised fables , when we made known to you the power and coming of our lord jesus christ , but we were eyewitnesses of his majesty .
he said to him , son , you are always with me , and all that is mine is yours .
but god chose the foolish things of the world that he might put to shame those who are wise . god chose the weak things of the world , that he might put to shame the things that are strong ;
however , the son by the handmaid was born according to the flesh , but the son by the free woman was born through promise .
the crown of pride of the drunkards of ephraim will be trodden under foot .
now it fell on a day , that jonathan the son of saul said to the young man who bore his armor , come , and let us go over to the philistines ' garrison , that is on yonder side . but he did n't tell his father .
in the beginning god created the heavens and the earth .
they said to him , thus says hezekiah , this day is a day of trouble , and of rebuke , and of rejection ; for the children are come to the birth , and there is not strength to bring forth .
so moses wrote this song the same day , and taught it the children of israel .
going on from there , he saw two other brothers , james the son of zebedee , and john his brother , in the boat with zebedee their father , mending their nets . he called them .
how are the mighty fallen in the midst of the battle ! jonathan is slain on your high places .
the nazirite shall shave the head of his separation at the door of the tent of meeting , and shall take the hair of the head of his separation , and put it on the fire which is under the sacrifice of peace offerings .
in their sight shall you bear it on your shoulder , and carry it forth in the dark ; you shall cover your face , that you do n't see the land : for i have set you for a sign to the house of israel .
i love yahweh , because he listens to my voice , and my cries for mercy .
and they mourned , and wept , and fasted until even , for saul , and for jonathan his son , and for the people of yahweh , and for the house of israel ; because they were fallen by the sword .
he gave them into the hand of the nations . those who hated them ruled over them .
now the rest of the acts of manasseh , and all that he did , and his sin that he sinned , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of judah ?
adah gave birth to jabal , who was the father of those who dwell in tents and have livestock .
between the chambers was a breadth of twenty cubits round about the house on every side .
in that hour jesus said to the multitudes , have you come out as against a robber with swords and clubs to seize me ? i sat daily in the temple teaching , and you did n't arrest me .
huram continued , blessed be yahweh , the god of israel , that made heaven and earth , who has given to david the king a wise son , endowed with discretion and understanding , that should build a house for yahweh , and a house for his kingdom .
now the rest of the acts of josiah , and all that he did , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of judah ?
then came the word of yahweh to samuel , saying ,
let all things be done decently and in order .
the lords of the philistines came up to her , and said to her , entice him , and see in which his great strength lies , and by what means we may prevail against him , that we may bind him to afflict him : and we will each give you of us eleven hundred pieces of silver .
he followed her immediately , as an ox goes to the slaughter , as a fool stepping into a noose .
my soul shall boast in yahweh . the humble shall hear of it , and be glad .
then they said , what shall be the trespass offering which we shall return to him ? they said , five golden tumors , and five golden mice , according to the number of the lords of the philistines ; for one plague was on you all , and on your lords .
the same day did the king make the middle of the court holy that was before the house of yahweh ; for there he offered the burnt offering , and the meal offering , and the fat of the peace offerings , because the brazen altar that was before yahweh was too little to receive the burnt offering , and the meal offering , and the fat of the peace offerings .
arrogant speech is n't fitting for a fool , much less do lying lips fit a prince .
moreover he built cities in the hill country of judah , and in the forests he built castles and towers .
though he is fruitful among his brothers , an east wind will come , the breath of yahweh coming up from the wilderness ; and his spring will become dry , and his fountain will be dried up . he will plunder the storehouse of treasure .
as it is written , there is no one righteous . no , not one .
his malice may be concealed by deception , but his wickedness will be exposed in the assembly .
so they went up , and spied out the land from the wilderness of zin to rehob , to the entrance of hamath .
then let our faces be looked on before you , and the face of the youths who eat of the king 's dainties ; and as you see , deal with your servants .
yahweh is gracious , merciful , slow to anger , and of great loving kindness .
joseph arose from his sleep , and did as the angel of the lord commanded him , and took his wife to himself ;
all the days of his separation he shall eat nothing that is made of the grapevine , from the seeds even to the skins .
he made two golden rings for it under its molding crown , on its two ribs , on its two sides , for places for poles with which to carry it .
praise him , all his angels ! praise him , all his army !
was n't it told my lord what i did when jezebel killed the prophets of yahweh , how i hid one hundred men of yahweh 's prophets by fifty in a cave , and fed them with bread and water ?
in that same hour jesus rejoiced in the holy spirit , and said , i thank you , o father , lord of heaven and earth , that you have hidden these things from the wise and understanding , and revealed them to little children . yes , father , for so it was well - pleasing in your sight .
and the pattern of all that he had by the spirit , for the courts of the house of yahweh , and for all the surrounding rooms , for the treasuries of the house of god , and for the treasuries of the dedicated things ;
you shall roast and eat it in the place which yahweh your god shall choose : and you shall turn in the morning , and go to your tents .
they have seen falsehood and lying divination , who say , yahweh says ; but yahweh has not sent them : and they have made men to hope that the word would be confirmed .
yet i had planted you a noble vine , wholly a right seed : how then are you turned into the degenerate branches of a foreign vine to me ?
therefore judge nothing before the time , until the lord comes , who will both bring to light the hidden things of darkness , and reveal the counsels of the hearts . then each man will get his praise from god .
the heaved thigh and the waved breast they shall bring with the offerings made by fire of the fat , to wave it for a wave offering before yahweh : and it shall be yours , and your sons ' with you , as a portion forever ; as yahweh has commanded .
some also there were that said , we are mortgaging our fields , and our vineyards , and our houses : let us get grain , because of the dearth .
every man 's holy things shall be his : whatever any man gives the priest , it shall be his .
this also would be an iniquity to be punished by the judges ; for i should have denied the god who is above .
on the tenth day of this seventh month you shall have a holy convocation ; and you shall afflict your souls : you shall do no manner of work ;
a certain beggar , named lazarus , was laid at his gate , full of sores ,
jesus said to her , woman , what does that have to do with you and me ? my hour has not yet come .
for the children of israel shall abide many days without king , and without prince , and without sacrifice , and without sacred stone , and without ephod or idols .
the door for the middle side chambers was in the right side of the house : and they went up by winding stairs into the middle story , and out of the middle into the third .
now the chief priests and the pharisees had commanded that if anyone knew where he was , he should report it , that they might seize him .
when i wept and i fasted , that was to my reproach .
and said to them , you shall not bring in the captives here : for you purpose that which will bring on us a trespass against yahweh , to add to our sins and to our trespass ; for our trespass is great , and there is fierce wrath against israel .
if you shall say in your heart , these nations are more than i ; how can i dispossess them ?
they , having heard the king , went their way ; and behold , the star , which they saw in the east , went before them , until it came and stood over where the young child was .
praise yahweh ! sing to yahweh a new song , his praise in the assembly of the saints .
he said , if the syrians be too strong for me , then you shall help me ; but if the children of ammon be too strong for you , then i will help you .
though men be risen up to pursue you , and to seek your soul , yet the soul of my lord shall be bound in the bundle of life with yahweh your god ; and the souls of your enemies , them shall he sling out , as from the hollow of a sling .
for if i would desire to boast , i will not be foolish ; for i will speak the truth . but i refrain , so that no man may think more of me than that which he sees in me , or hears from me .
how much worse punishment , do you think , will he be judged worthy of , who has trodden under foot the son of god , and has counted the blood of the covenant with which he was sanctified an unholy thing , and has insulted the spirit of grace ?
all the oxen for the burnt offering twelve bulls , the rams twelve , the male lambs a year old twelve , and their meal offering ; and the male goats for a sin offering twelve ;
i know your works ( behold , i have set before you an open door , which no one can shut ) , that you have a little power , and kept my word , and did n't deny my name .
thus did moses : as yahweh commanded him , so did he .
they brought seven bulls , and seven rams , and seven lambs , and seven male goats , for a sin offering for the kingdom and for the sanctuary and for judah . he commanded the priests the sons of aaron to offer them on the altar of yahweh .
and it shall be with him , and he shall read therein all the days of his life ; that he may learn to fear yahweh his god , to keep all the words of this law and these statutes , to do them ;
but jesus said to him , leave the dead to bury their own dead , but you go and announce the kingdom of god .
they took the coat of many colors , and they brought it to their father , and said , we have found this . examine it , now , whether it is your son 's coat or not .
they scoff and speak with malice . in arrogance , they threaten oppression .
let those who seek after my soul be disappointed and brought to dishonor . let those who plot my ruin be turned back and confounded .
even now , behold , my witness is in heaven . he who vouches for me is on high .
i think it right , as long as i am in this tent , to stir you up by reminding you ;
for as the body apart from the spirit is dead , even so faith apart from works is dead .
then saul arose , and went down to the wilderness of ziph , having three thousand chosen men of israel with him , to seek david in the wilderness of ziph .
when she saw that she was steadfastly minded to go with her , she left off speaking to her .
for this ointment might have been sold for much , and given to the poor .
now , my god , let , i beg you , your eyes be open , and let your ears be attentive , to the prayer that is made in this place .
zedekiah was twenty - one years old when he began to reign ; and he reigned eleven years in jerusalem : and his mother 's name was hamutal the daughter of jeremiah of libnah .
the sun and moon stood still in the sky , at the light of your arrows as they went , at the shining of your glittering spear .
for you both had compassion on me in my chains , and joyfully accepted the plundering of your possessions , knowing that you have for yourselves a better possession and an enduring one in the heavens .
forty years old was i when moses the servant of yahweh sent me from kadesh barnea to spy out the land ; and i brought him word again as it was in my heart .
then our sons will be like well - nurtured plants , our daughters like pillars carved to adorn a palace .
he said to her , if they only bind me with new ropes with which no work has been done , then shall i become weak , and be as another man .
then he touched their eyes , saying , according to your faith be it done to you .
he took the people , and divided them into three companies , and laid wait in the field ; and he looked , and behold , the people came forth out of the city ; he rose up against them , and struck them .
so they went with the guard and made the tomb secure , sealing the stone .
but philip was found at azotus . passing through , he preached the good news to all the cities , until he came to caesarea .
for the far part of the tent westward you shall make six boards .
because it has been granted to you on behalf of christ , not only to believe in him , but also to suffer on his behalf ,
for when we were in the flesh , the sinful passions which were through the law , worked in our members to bring forth fruit to death .
this is the portion of a wicked man with god , the heritage of oppressors , which they receive from the almighty .
speak to the children of israel , and tell them , when you come into the land which i give you , then the land shall keep a sabbath to yahweh .
when the demon was cast out , the mute man spoke . the multitudes marveled , saying , nothing like this has ever been seen in israel !
he who rejects me , and does n't receive my sayings , has one who judges him . the word that i spoke , the same will judge him in the last day .
for then i will purify the lips of the peoples , that they may all call on the name of yahweh , to serve him shoulder to shoulder .
notwithstanding , no devoted thing , that a man shall devote to yahweh of all that he has , whether of man or animal , or of the field of his possession , shall be sold or redeemed : every devoted thing is most holy to yahweh .
therefore tell the house of israel , thus says the lord yahweh : i do n't do this for your sake , house of israel , but for my holy name , which you have profaned among the nations , where you went .
the rain came down , the floods came , and the winds blew , and beat on that house ; and it did n't fall , for it was founded on the rock .
and one loaf of bread , one cake of oiled bread , and one wafer out of the basket of unleavened bread that is before yahweh .
moses and eleazar the priest did as yahweh commanded moses .
therefore will i save my flock , and they shall no more be a prey ; and i will judge between sheep and sheep .
he shall kill the male lamb in the place where they kill the sin offering and the burnt offering , in the place of the sanctuary ; for as the sin offering is the priest 's , so is the trespass offering . it is most holy .
and the lamp of god had n't yet gone out , and samuel had laid down to sleep , in the temple of yahweh , where the ark of god was ;
the world ca n't hate you , but it hates me , because i testify about it , that its works are evil .
abram moved his tent , and came and lived by the oaks of mamre , which are in hebron , and built an altar there to yahweh .
joshua took makkedah on that day , and struck it with the edge of the sword , and the king of it : he utterly destroyed them and all the souls who were therein ; he left none remaining ; and he did to the king of makkedah as he had done to the king of jericho .
elkanah her husband said to her , hannah , why weep you ? and why do n't you eat ? and why is your heart grieved ? am i not better to you than ten sons ?
but if you will go , do valiantly , be strong for the battle : god will cast you down before the enemy ; for god has power to help , and to cast down .
let my lips utter praise , for you teach me your statutes .
their horses also are swifter than leopards , and are more fierce than the evening wolves . their horsemen press proudly on . yes , their horsemen come from afar . they fly as an eagle that hurries to devour .
therefore the anger of yahweh was kindled against this land , to bring on it all the curse that is written in this book ;
and tell them , thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel : behold , i will send and take nebuchadnezzar the king of babylon , my servant , and will set his throne on these stones that i have hidden ; and he shall spread his royal pavilion over them .
all the nations are like nothing before him . they are regarded by him as less than nothing , and vanity .
moses and aaron and the princes of the congregation numbered the sons of the kohathites by their families , and by their fathers ' houses ,
he was teaching in one of the synagogues on the sabbath day .
he gives great deliverance to his king , and shows loving kindness to his anointed , to david and to his seed , forevermore .
they watched him , and sent out spies , who pretended to be righteous , that they might trap him in something he said , so as to deliver him up to the power and authority of the governor .
the bones of joseph , which the children of israel brought up out of egypt , buried they in shechem , in the parcel of ground which jacob bought of the sons of hamor the father of shechem for a hundred pieces of money : and they became the inheritance of the children of joseph .
for you are a holy people to yahweh your god : yahweh your god has chosen you to be a people for his own possession , above all peoples who are on the face of the earth .
but god is the judge . he puts down one , and lifts up another .
after this , abraham buried sarah his wife in the cave of the field of machpelah before mamre ( that is , hebron ) , in the land of canaan .
do n't let riches entice you to wrath , neither let the great size of a bribe turn you aside .
they ate , and were filled . they took up seven baskets of broken pieces that were left over .
therefore i consider all of your precepts to be right . i hate every false way . pey
now brace yourself like a man . i will question you , and you will answer me .
my soul is weary of my life ; i will give free course to my complaint . i will speak in the bitterness of my soul .
in that day you will ask in my name ; and i do n't say to you , that i will pray to the father for you ,
then the congregation shall judge between the striker and the avenger of blood according to these ordinances ;
for now we live , if you stand fast in the lord .
it shall be square and folded double ; a span shall be its length of it , and a span its breadth .
but where shall wisdom be found ? where is the place of understanding ?
because of the chaldeans ; for they were afraid of them , because ishmael the son of nethaniah had killed gedaliah the son of ahikam , whom the king of babylon made governor over the land .
though i am righteous , my own mouth shall condemn me . though i am blameless , it shall prove me perverse .
for in your eating each one takes his own supper first . one is hungry , and another is drunken .
then he brought me back by the way of the outer gate of the sanctuary , which looks toward the east ; and it was shut .
do n't rejoice , o philistia , all of you , because the rod that struck you is broken ; for out of the serpent 's root an adder will emerge , and his fruit will be a fiery flying serpent .
he settled his gaze steadfastly on him , until he was ashamed : and the man of god wept .
their eyes were opened . jesus strictly charged them , saying , see that no one knows about this .
now i beg you , brothers , by our lord jesus christ , and by the love of the spirit , that you strive together with me in your prayers to god for me ,
you shall not be scared of them ; for yahweh your god is in the midst of you , a great and awesome god .
he is yahweh , our god . his judgments are in all the earth .
these uncovered her nakedness ; they took her sons and her daughters ; and her they killed with the sword : and she became a byword among women ; for they executed judgments on her .
how long shall i take counsel in my soul , having sorrow in my heart every day ? how long shall my enemy triumph over me ?
as it is taken off of the ox of the sacrifice of peace offerings . the priest shall burn them on the altar of burnt offering .
thus said yahweh : go down to the house of the king of judah , and speak there this word ,
you shall also make a basin of brass , and the base of it of brass , in which to wash . you shall put it between the tent of meeting and the altar , and you shall put water in it .
then i went on to the spring gate and to the king 's pool : but there was no place for the animal that was under me to pass .
david said , as yahweh lives , yahweh will strike him ; or his day shall come to die ; or he shall go down into battle and perish .
now the rest of the acts of rehoboam , and all that he did , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of judah ?
i will for this afflict the seed of david , but not forever .
nor filthiness , nor foolish talking , nor jesting , which are not appropriate ; but rather giving of thanks .
he who gives answer before he hears , that is folly and shame to him .
every garment , and every skin , whereon the semen is , shall be washed with water , and be unclean until the evening .
in the multitude of words there is no lack of disobedience , but he who restrains his lips does wisely .
he said to them , an enemy has done this . ' the servants asked him , do you want us to go and gather them up ? '
all the cities of the children of aaron , the priests , were thirteen cities with their suburbs .
he has made the earth by his power , he has established the world by his wisdom , and by his understanding has he stretched out the heavens :
do n't be afraid of the king of babylon , of whom you are afraid ; do n't be afraid of him , says yahweh : for i am with you to save you , and to deliver you from his hand .
you shall do no manner of work : it is a statute forever throughout your generations in all your dwellings .
they are of the world . therefore they speak of the world , and the world hears them .
i will cut off all the horns of the wicked , but the horns of the righteous shall be lifted up .
thus says yahweh of armies : i am jealous for zion with great jealousy , and i am jealous for her with great wrath .
and i will give you the treasures of darkness , and hidden riches of secret places , that you may know that it is i , yahweh , who call you by your name , even the god of israel .
the testimony is this , that god gave to us eternal life , and this life is in his son .
for this is even from israel ! the workman made it , and it is no god ; indeed , the calf of samaria shall be broken in pieces .
for there are many words that create vanity . what does that profit man ?
blessed be yahweh your god , who delighted in you , to set you on his throne , to be king for yahweh your god : because your god loved israel , to establish them forever , therefore made he you king over them , to do justice and righteousness .
why cry you for your hurt ? your pain is incurable : for the greatness of your iniquity , because your sins were increased , i have done these things to you .
is not this david , of whom they sang one to another in dances , saying , saul has slain his thousands , david his ten thousands ?
he looks at the earth , and it trembles . he touches the mountains , and they smoke .
now it happened in the seventh month , that ishmael the son of nethaniah , the son of elishama , of the seed royal and one of the chief officers of the king , and ten men with him , came to gedaliah the son of ahikam to mizpah ; and there they ate bread together in mizpah .
lift up your eyes round about , and see : they all gather themselves together , they come to you ; your sons shall come from far , and your daughters shall be carried in the arms .
the leper in whom the plague is shall wear torn clothes , and the hair of his head shall hang loose . he shall cover his upper lip , and shall cry , unclean ! unclean ! '
thus did moses , and aaron , and all the congregation of the children of israel , to the levites . according to all that yahweh commanded moses concerning the levites , so the children of israel did to them .
whose confidence shall break apart , whose trust is a spider 's web .
when he had destroyed seven nations in the land of canaan , he gave them their land for an inheritance , for about four hundred fifty years .
behold , this day your eyes have seen how that yahweh had delivered you today into my hand in the cave : and some bade me kill you ; but my eye spared you ; and i said , i will not put forth my hand against my lord ; for he is yahweh 's anointed .
and to have authority to heal sicknesses and to cast out demons :
also we made ordinances for us , to charge ourselves yearly with the third part of a shekel for the service of the house of our god ;
paul went down , and fell upon him , and embracing him said , do n't be troubled , for his life is in him .
i asked him the second time , what are these two olive branches , which are beside the two golden spouts , that pour the golden oil out of themselves ?
yes , he loads the thick cloud with moisture . he spreads abroad the cloud of his lightning .
when some of both the gentiles and the jews , with their rulers , made a violent attempt to mistreat and stone them ,
but if they will not pass over with you armed , they shall have possessions among you in the land of canaan .
therefore thus says yahweh concerning the prophets who prophesy in my name , and i did n't send them , yet they say , sword and famine shall not be in this land : by sword and famine shall those prophets be consumed .
he who loves purity of heart and speaks gracefully is the king 's friend .
he shall enter also into the glorious land , and many countries shall be overthrown ; but these shall be delivered out of his hand : edom , and moab , and the chief of the children of ammon .
but as for me , this secret is not revealed to me for any wisdom that i have more than any living , but to the intent that the interpretation may be made known to the king , and that you may know the thoughts of your heart .
so i bought a belt according to the word of yahweh , and put it on my waist .
moreover yahweh said to me in the days of josiah the king , have you seen that which backsliding israel has done ? she is gone up on every high mountain and under every green tree , and there has played the prostitute .
for god knows that in the day you eat it , your eyes will be opened , and you will be like god , knowing good and evil .
for whom he foreknew , he also predestined to be conformed to the image of his son , that he might be the firstborn among many brothers .
also thus said the king , blessed be yahweh , the god of israel , who has given one to sit on my throne this day , my eyes even seeing it .
furthermore you have sent for men who come from far , to whom a messenger was sent , and behold , they came ; for whom you did wash yourself , paint your eyes , and deck yourself with ornaments ,
tell them , as i live , says yahweh , surely as you have spoken in my ears , so will i do to you :
but now i am going to him who sent me , and none of you asks me , where are you going ? '
all the people answered together , and said , all that yahweh has spoken we will do . moses reported the words of the people to yahweh .
then the king of israel called all the elders of the land , and said , please notice how this man seeks mischief : for he sent to me for my wives , and for my children , and for my silver , and for my gold ; and i did n't deny him .
when the morning stars sang together , and all the sons of god shouted for joy ?
therefore their inhabitants had little power . they were dismayed and confounded . they were like the grass of the field , and like the green herb , like the grass on the housetops , and like a field before its crop has grown .
dominion and fear are with him ; he makes peace in his high places .
abijah joined battle with an army of valiant men of war , even four hundred thousand chosen men : and jeroboam set the battle in array against him with eight hundred thousand chosen men , who were mighty men of valor .
and you detest them . you shall not eat of their flesh , and you shall detest their carcasses .
so david gave to ornan for the place six hundred shekels of gold by weight .
remember your word to your servant , because you gave me hope .
saying , i will declare your name to my brothers . in the midst of the congregation i will sing your praise .
and the priest shall burn them on the altar for an offering made by fire to yahweh : it is a trespass offering .
you , son of man , prophesy to the mountains of israel , and say , you mountains of israel , hear the word of yahweh .
i struck you with blight and mildew many times in your gardens and your vineyards ; and your fig trees and your olive trees have the swarming locust devoured : yet you have n't returned to me , says yahweh .
then those who feared yahweh spoke one with another ; and yahweh listened , and heard , and a book of memory was written before him , for those who feared yahweh , and who honored his name .
come up to me , and help me , and let us strike gibeon ; for it has made peace with joshua and with the children of israel .
he put garrisons in edom ; and all the edomites became servants to david . yahweh gave victory to david wherever he went .
ten fat oxen , and twenty oxen out of the pastures , and one hundred sheep , besides harts , and gazelles , and roebucks , and fattened fowl .
but when he was forty years old , it came into his heart to visit his brothers , the children of israel .
and he said , yahweh , the god of israel , there is no god like you , in heaven above , or on earth beneath ; who keep covenant and loving kindness with your servants , who walk before you with all their heart ;
you shall not glean your vineyard , neither shall you gather the fallen grapes of your vineyard ; you shall leave them for the poor and for the foreigner . i am yahweh your god .
they shall keep your charge , and the charge of all the tent : only they shall not come near to the vessels of the sanctuary and to the altar , that they not die , neither they , nor you .
the house , that is , the temple before the oracle , was forty cubits long .
or do n't you know that all we who were baptized into christ jesus were baptized into his death ?
the king said , where is your master 's son ? ziba said to the king , behold , he abides at jerusalem ; for he said , today will the house of israel restore me the kingdom of my father .
the burning sand will become a pool , and the thirsty ground springs of water . grass with reeds and rushes will be in the habitation of jackals , where they lay .
greet one another with a holy kiss . the assemblies of christ greet you .
also maacah his mother he removed from being queen , because she had made an abominable image for an asherah ; and asa cut down her image , and burnt it at the brook kidron .
yahweh said to moses , do n't fear him : for i have delivered him into your hand , and all his people , and his land ; and you shall do to him as you did to sihon king of the amorites , who lived at heshbon .
jesus said to him , you have said it . nevertheless , i tell you , henceforth you will see the son of man sitting at the right hand of power , and coming on the clouds of the sky .
nadab the son of jeroboam began to reign over israel in the second year of asa king of judah ; and he reigned over israel two years .
but you do see trouble and grief ; you consider it to take it into your hand . you help the victim and the fatherless .
most assuredly i tell you , among those who are born of women there has not arisen anyone greater than john the baptizer ; yet he who is least in the kingdom of heaven is greater than he .
if the scourge kills suddenly , he will mock at the trial of the innocent .
you shall teach them your children , talking of them , when you sit in your house , and when you walk by the way , and when you lie down , and when you rise up .
let favor be shown to the wicked , yet he will not learn righteousness . in the land of uprightness he will deal wrongfully , and will not see yahweh 's majesty .
nabal answered david 's servants , and said , who is david ? and who is the son of jesse ? there are many servants who break away from their masters these days .
you were made alive when you were dead in transgressions and sins ,
the screen for the gate of the court was the work of the embroiderer , of blue , purple , scarlet , and fine twined linen . twenty cubits was the length , and the height in the breadth was five cubits , like to the hangings of the court .
moses said , the people , among whom i am , are six hundred thousand footmen ; and you have said , i will give them flesh , that they may eat a whole month .
it will be like when the harvester gathers the wheat , and his arm reaps the grain . yes , it will be like when one gleans grain in the valley of rephaim .
then the commanding officer came near , arrested him , commanded him to be bound with two chains , and inquired who he was and what he had done .
it happened , when ben hadad heard this message , as he was drinking , he and the kings , in the pavilions , that he said to his servants , set yourselves in array . they set themselves in array against the city .
so am i made to possess months of misery , wearisome nights are appointed to me .
with whom was he displeased forty years ? was n't it with those who sinned , whose bodies fell in the wilderness ?
it happened after these things , that god tested abraham , and said to him , abraham ! he said , here i am .
yahweh spoke to aaron , saying ,
there is a league between me and you , between my father and your father : behold , i have sent to you a present of silver and gold ; go , break your league with baasha king of israel , that he may depart from me .
the wicked are not so , but are like the chaff which the wind drives away .
for when a few years are come , i shall go the way from whence i shall not return .
therefore tell the children of israel , i am yahweh , and i will bring you out from under the burdens of the egyptians , and i will rid you out of their bondage , and i will redeem you with an outstretched arm , and with great judgments :
yahweh answered his people , behold , i will send you grain , new wine , and oil , and you will be satisfied with them ; and i will no more make you a reproach among the nations .
they are amazed . they answer no more . they do n't have a word to say .
for i did n't shrink from declaring to you the whole counsel of god .
on the other side of the jordan , of the reubenites , and the gadites , and of the half - tribe of manasseh , with all manner of instruments of war for the battle , one hundred twenty thousand .
you husbands , in like manner , live with your wives according to knowledge , giving honor to the woman , as to the weaker vessel , as being also joint heirs of the grace of life ; that your prayers may not be hindered .
and certain women who had been healed of evil spirits and infirmities : mary who was called magdalene , from whom seven demons had gone out ;
so that they shall take no wood out of the field , neither cut down any out of the forests ; for they shall make fires of the weapons ; and they shall plunder those who plundered them , and rob those who robbed them , says the lord yahweh .
and did n't inquire of yahweh : therefore he killed him , and turned the kingdom to david the son of jesse .
for this cause i also , having heard of the faith in the lord jesus which is among you , and the love which you have toward all the saints ,
by faith , he left egypt , not fearing the wrath of the king ; for he endured , as seeing him who is invisible .
but i am afraid that somehow , as the serpent deceived eve in his craftiness , so your minds might be corrupted from the simplicity that is in christ .
thus noah did . according to all that god commanded him , so he did .
he said to him the third time , simon , son of jonah , do you have affection for me ? peter was grieved because he asked him the third time , do you have affection for me ? he said to him , lord , you know everything . you know that i have affection for you . jesus said to him , feed my sheep .
behold , is n't it of yahweh of armies that the peoples labor for the fire , and the nations weary themselves for vanity ?
but if they say thus , come up to us ; then we will go up ; for yahweh has delivered them into our hand : and this shall be the sign to us .
and that all this assembly may know that yahweh does n't save with sword and spear : for the battle is yahweh 's , and he will give you into our hand .
suddenly there came from the sky a sound like the rushing of a mighty wind , and it filled all the house where they were sitting .
in the nine and thirtieth year of azariah king of judah began menahem the son of gadi to reign over israel , and reigned ten years in samaria .
you shall keep the charge of the sanctuary , and the charge of the altar ; that there be wrath no more on the children of israel .
these three were the sons of noah , and from these , the whole earth was populated .
not stealing , but showing all good fidelity ; that they may adorn the doctrine of god , our savior , in all things .
now she is in the streets , now in the squares , and lurking at every corner .
you shall chase your enemies , and they shall fall before you by the sword .
joshua defeated amalek and his people with the edge of the sword .
come now , you rich , weep and howl for your miseries that are coming on you .
then he said , i have sinned : yet honor me now , please , before the elders of my people , and before israel , and turn again with me , that i may worship yahweh your god .
as the gentiles heard this , they were glad , and glorified the word of god . as many as were appointed to eternal life believed .
all the people went over the jordan , and the king went over : and the king kissed barzillai , and blessed him ; and he returned to his own place .
but as for me , my prayer is to you , yahweh , in an acceptable time . god , in the abundance of your loving kindness , answer me in the truth of your salvation .
and he came even before the king 's gate : for none might enter within the king 's gate clothed with sackcloth .
jesus said to them , my food is to do the will of him who sent me , and to accomplish his work .
even as it is written , jacob i loved , but esau i hated .
behold , i give of the synagogue of satan , of those who say they are jews , and they are not , but lie . behold , i will make them to come and worship before your feet , and to know that i have loved you .
then the king held out to esther the golden scepter . so esther arose , and stood before the king .
joshua set up twelve stones in the midst of the jordan , in the place where the feet of the priests who bore the ark of the covenant stood : and they are there to this day .
god is faithful , through whom you were called into the fellowship of his son , jesus christ , our lord .
yahweh said to moses , write this for a memorial in a book , and rehearse it in the ears of joshua : that i will utterly blot out the memory of amalek from under the sky .
but he said , then bring meal . he cast it into the pot ; and he said , pour out for the people , that they may eat . there was no harm in the pot .
the merchants of these things , who were made rich by her , will stand far away for the fear of her torment , weeping and mourning ;
for in the multitude of dreams there are vanities , as well as in many words : but you must fear god .
when the wine ran out , jesus ' mother said to him , they have no wine .
we looked for peace , but no good came ; and for a time of healing , and behold , dismay !
but the fig tree said to them , should i leave my sweetness , and my good fruit , and go to wave back and forth over the trees ?
i declared my ways , and you answered me . teach me your statutes .
if one person sins unwittingly , then he shall offer a female goat a year old for a sin offering .
has not the same hezekiah taken away his high places and his altars , and commanded judah and jerusalem , saying , you shall worship before one altar , and on it shall you burn incense ?
for most assuredly , not to angels does he give help , but he gives help to the seed of abraham .
there were eight boards , and their sockets of silver , sixteen sockets ; under every board two sockets .
on the ninth day of the fourth month the famine was sore in the city , so that there was no bread for the people of the land .
but jesus knowing in himself that his disciples murmured at this , said to them , does this cause you to stumble ?
yahweh will do to them as he did to sihon and to og , the kings of the amorites , and to their land ; whom he destroyed .
rehoboam loved maacah the daughter of absalom above all his wives and his concubines : ( for he took eighteen wives , and sixty concubines , and became the father of twenty - eight sons and sixty daughters . )
declare you in judah , and publish in jerusalem ; and say , blow you the trumpet in the land : cry aloud and say , assemble yourselves , and let us go into the fortified cities .
there you shall serve gods , the work of men 's hands , wood and stone , which neither see , nor hear , nor eat , nor smell .
now the hand of yahweh had been on me in the evening , before he who was escaped came ; and he had opened my mouth , until he came to me in the morning ; and my mouth was opened , and i was no more mute .
david danced before yahweh with all his might ; and david was girded with a linen ephod .
make a joyful noise to yahweh , all the earth ! burst out and sing for joy , yes , sing praises !
the voice of one crying in the wilderness , make ready the way of the lord ! make his paths straight ! '
but i have told you these things , so that when the time comes , you may remember that i told you about them . i did n't tell you these things from the beginning , because i was with you .
i will visit on her the days of the baals , to which she burned incense , when she decked herself with her earrings and her jewels , and went after her lovers , and forgot me , says yahweh .
the philistines followed hard after saul and after his sons ; and the philistines killed jonathan , and abinadab , and malchishua , the sons of saul .
for the teraphim have spoken vanity , and the diviners have seen a lie ; and they have told false dreams . they comfort in vain . therefore they go their way like sheep . they are oppressed , because there is no shepherd .
then said david , o yahweh , the god of israel , your servant has surely heard that saul seeks to come to keilah , to destroy the city for my sake .
why have you made us to come up out of egypt , to bring us in to this evil place ? it is no place of seed , or of figs , or of vines , or of pomegranates ; neither is there any water to drink .
behold , how they reward us , to come to cast us out of your possession , which you have given us to inherit .
and they took him , and threw him into the pit . the pit was empty . there was no water in it .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
let us therefore , as many as are perfect , think this way . if in anything you think otherwise , god will also reveal that to you .
you shall say before yahweh your god , i have put away the holy things out of my house , and also have given them to the levite , and to the foreigner , to the fatherless , and to the widow , according to all your commandment which you have commanded me : i have not transgressed any of your commandments , neither have i forgotten them :
if he offers a lamb for his offering , then he shall offer it before yahweh ;
and the lampstands with their lamps , to burn according to the ordinance before the oracle , of pure gold ;
therefore will i do to the house which is called by my name , in which you trust , and to the place which i gave to you and to your fathers , as i did to shiloh .
now the serpent was more subtle than any animal of the field which yahweh god had made . he said to the woman , has god really said , you shall not eat of any tree of the garden ? '
now about that time , herod the king stretched out his hands to oppress some of the assembly .
if there arise a matter too hard for you in judgment , between blood and blood , between plea and plea , and between stroke and stroke , being matters of controversy within your gates ; then shall you arise , and go up to the place which yahweh your god shall choose ;
at the evening offering i arose up from my humiliation , even with my garment and my robe torn ; and i fell on my knees , and spread out my hands to yahweh my god ;
for i could wish that i myself were accursed from christ for my brothers ' sake , my relatives according to the flesh ,
he even tried to profane the temple , and we arrested him .
that joshua called for all israel , for their elders and for their heads , and for their judges and for their officers , and said to them , i am old and well stricken in years :
remember those who are in bonds , as bound with them ; and those who are ill - treated , since you are also in the body .
then whoever hears the sound of the trumpet , and does n't take warning , if the sword come , and take him away , his blood shall be on his own head .
the nations shall see your righteousness , and all kings your glory , and you shall be called by a new name , which the mouth of yahweh shall name .
in that day they will come to you from assyria and the cities of egypt , and from egypt even to the river , and from sea to sea , and mountain to mountain .
when he heard that jesus had come out of judea into galilee , he went to him , and begged him that he would come down and heal his son , for he was at the point of death .
the four angels were freed who had been prepared for that hour and day and month and year , so that they might kill one third of mankind .
there are also workmen with you in abundance , cutters and workers of stone and timber , and all kinds of men who are skillful in every kind of work :
and the border shall go down from shepham to riblah , on the east side of ain ; and the border shall go down , and shall reach to the side of the sea of chinnereth eastward ;
you turn things upside down ! should the potter be thought to be like clay ; that the thing made should say about him who made it , he did n't make me ; or the thing formed say of him who formed it , he has no understanding ?
but it was you , a man like me , my companion , and my familiar friend .
they struck all the cities round about gerar ; for the fear of yahweh came on them : and they despoiled all the cities ; for there was much spoil in them .
the name of the third river is hiddekel : this is the one which flows in front of assyria . the fourth river is the euphrates .
at meal time boaz said to her , come here , and eat of the bread , and dip your morsel in the vinegar . she sat beside the reapers , and they reached her parched grain , and she ate , and was sufficed , and left of it .
oh that the salvation of israel would come out of zion ! when yahweh restores the fortunes of his people , then jacob shall rejoice , and israel shall be glad .
a capital of brass was on it ; and the height of the one capital was five cubits , with network and pomegranates on the capital round about , all of brass : and the second pillar also had like these , and pomegranates .
i will strengthen the house of judah , and i will save the house of joseph , and i will bring them back ; for i have mercy on them ; and they will be as though i had not cast them off : for i am yahweh their god , and i will hear them .
but the righteous will live by faith . if he shrinks back , my soul has no pleasure in him .
there is gold and abundance of rubies ; but the lips of knowledge are a rare jewel .
if it bears fruit , fine ; but if not , after that , you can cut it down . '
and it shall be for aaron and his sons as their portion forever from the children of israel ; for it is a wave offering : and it shall be a wave offering from the children of israel of the sacrifices of their peace offerings , even their wave offering to yahweh .
if a man be found lying with a woman married to a husband , then they shall both of them die , the man who lay with the woman , and the woman : so shall you put away the evil from israel .
but jesus perceived their wickedness , and said , why do you test me , you hypocrites ?
then said jeremiah to zedekiah , thus says yahweh , the god of armies , the god of israel : if you will go forth to the king of babylon 's princes , then your soul shall live , and this city shall not be burned with fire ; and you shall live , and your house .
the soul of king david longed to go forth to absalom : for he was comforted concerning amnon , seeing he was dead .
through silvanus , our faithful brother , as i consider him , i have written to you briefly , exhorting , and testifying that this is the true grace of god in which you stand .
the earth was corrupt before god , and the earth was filled with violence .
take great stones in your hand , and hide them in mortar in the brick work , which is at the entry of pharaoh 's house in tahpanhes , in the sight of the men of judah ;
ahijah laid hold of the new garment that was on him , and tore it in twelve pieces .
the word of yahweh came again to me , saying ,
it happened , that when isaac was old , and his eyes were dim , so that he could not see , he called esau his elder son , and said to him , my son ? he said to him , here i am .
joshua said , roll great stones to the mouth of the cave , and set men by it to keep them :
delilah said to samson , tell me , please , in which your great strength lies , and with which you might be bound to afflict you .
behold , a certain lawyer stood up and tested him , saying , teacher , what shall i do to inherit eternal life ?
jonathan climbed up on his hands and on his feet , and his armor bearer after him : and they fell before jonathan ; and his armor bearer killed them after him .
let him turn away from evil , and do good . let him seek peace , and pursue it .
yet they tempted and rebelled against the most high god , and did n't keep his testimonies ;
the sons of the prophets said to elisha , see now , the place where we dwell before you is too strait for us .
it was so , when the days of their feasting had run their course , that job sent and sanctified them , and rose up early in the morning , and offered burnt offerings according to the number of them all . for job said , it may be that my sons have sinned , and renounced god in their hearts . thus did job continually .
and to love him with all the heart , and with all the understanding , with all the soul , and with all the strength , and to love his neighbor as himself , is more important than all whole burnt offerings and sacrifices .
because he considers , and turns away from all his transgressions that he has committed , he shall surely live , he shall not die .
open your doors , lebanon , that the fire may devour your cedars .
he shall sprinkle some of the blood on it with his finger seven times , and cleanse it , and make it holy from the uncleanness of the children of israel .
for john was not yet thrown into prison .
yes , you have borne the tent of your king and the shrine of your images , the star of your god , which you made for yourselves .
and saying , you who destroy the temple , and build it in three days , save yourself ! if you are the son of god , come down from the cross !
in whose hand is the life of every living thing , the breath of all mankind ?
the king sat on his seat , as at other times , even on the seat by the wall ; and jonathan stood up , and abner sat by saul 's side : but david 's place was empty .
some therefore cried one thing , and some another , for the assembly was in confusion . most of them did n't know why they had come together .
they said , has yahweh indeed spoken only with moses ? has n't he spoken also with us ? yahweh heard it .
and said , i beg you , yahweh , the god of heaven , the great and awesome god , who keeps covenant and loving kindness with those who love him and keep his commandments :
they made bells of pure gold , and put the bells between the pomegranates around the skirts of the robe , between the pomegranates ;
moses spoke to the children of israel ; and all their princes gave him rods , for each prince one , according to their fathers ' houses , even twelve rods : and the rod of aaron was among their rods .
fulfill your promise to your servant , that you may be feared .
he sent yet a third , and they also wounded him , and threw him out .
because they did n't obey the voice of yahweh their god , but transgressed his covenant , even all that moses the servant of yahweh commanded , and would not hear it , nor do it .
this house was finished on the third day of the month adar , which was in the sixth year of the reign of darius the king .
who satisfies your desire with good things , so that your youth is renewed like the eagle 's .
among the sons of the priests there were found who had married foreign women : namely , of the sons of jeshua , the son of jozadak , and his brothers , maaseiah , and eliezer , and jarib , and gedaliah .
their horses were seven hundred thirty - six ; their mules , two hundred forty - five ;
she put her hand to the tent peg , her right hand to the workmen 's hammer ; with the hammer she struck sisera , she struck through his head ; yes , she pierced and struck through his temples .
so i was left alone , and saw this great vision , and there remained no strength in me ; for my comeliness was turned in me into corruption , and i retained no strength .
and you shall love yahweh your god with all your heart , and with all your soul , and with all your might .
yahweh , god of armies , hear my prayer . listen , god of jacob . selah .
he commanded them , saying , this is what you shall tell my lord , esau : this is what your servant , jacob , says . i have lived as a foreigner with laban , and stayed until now .
but he said , on the contrary , blessed are those who hear the word of god , and keep it .
then the lust , when it has conceived , bears sin ; and the sin , when it is full grown , brings forth death .
it will be , that whoever will call on the name of the lord will be saved . '
at the end of the days which the king had appointed for bringing them in , the prince of the eunuchs brought them in before nebuchadnezzar .
the woman of tekoa said to the king , my lord , o king , the iniquity be on me , and on my father 's house ; and the king and his throne be guiltless .
your clothing did n't grow old on you , neither did your foot swell , these forty years .
as for the works of men , by the word of your lips i have kept myself from the ways of the violent .
behold , i will command , says yahweh , and cause them to return to this city ; and they shall fight against it , and take it , and burn it with fire : and i will make the cities of judah a desolation , without inhabitant .
he who is slow to anger has great understanding , but he who has a quick temper displays folly .
i made treasurers over the treasuries , shelemiah the priest , and zadok the scribe , and of the levites , pedaiah : and next to them was hanan the son of zaccur , the son of mattaniah ; for they were counted faithful , and their business was to distribute to their brothers .
then all the jews returned out of all places where they were driven , and came to the land of judah , to gedaliah , to mizpah , and gathered wine and summer fruits very much .
to a foreigner you may lend on interest ; but to your brother you shall not lend on interest , that yahweh your god may bless you in all that you put your hand to , in the land where you go in to possess it .
when the lord shall have washed away the filth of the daughters of zion , and shall have purged the blood of jerusalem from its midst , by the spirit of justice , and by the spirit of burning .
shecaniah the son of jehiel , one of the sons of elam , answered ezra , we have trespassed against our god , and have married foreign women of the peoples of the land : yet now there is hope for israel concerning this thing .
aaron returned to moses to the door of the tent of meeting : and the plague was stayed .
if we confess our sins , he is faithful and righteous to forgive us the sins , and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness .
the staff of his spear was like a weaver 's beam ; and his spear 's head weighed six hundred shekels of iron : and his shield bearer went before him .
and behold there was a man with a withered hand . they asked him , is it lawful to heal on the sabbath day ? that they might accuse him .
it happened the same night , that yahweh said to him , take your father 's bull , even the second bull seven years old , and throw down the altar of baal that your father has , and cut down the asherah that is by it ;
the pharisees came out and began to question him , seeking from him a sign from heaven , and testing him .
after him repaired the priests , the men of the plain .
for this cause i write these things while absent , that i may not deal sharply when present , according to the authority which the lord gave me for building up , and not for tearing down .
out of them shall proceed thanksgiving and the voice of those who make merry : and i will multiply them , and they shall not be few ; i will also glorify them , and they shall not be small .
those who fashion an engraved image are all of them vanity ; and the things that they delight in shall not profit ; and their own witnesses do n't see , nor know : that they may be disappointed .
thus says yahweh : behold , i will raise up against babylon , and against those who dwell in lebkamai , a destroying wind .
moses said , this is the thing which yahweh commanded that you should do : and the glory of yahweh shall appear to you .
behold , he speaks openly , and they say nothing to him . can it be that the rulers indeed know that this is truly the christ ?
in the fourth generation they will come here again , for the iniquity of the amorite is not yet full .
concerning this thing , i begged the lord three times that it might depart from me .
the name of the second , he called ephraim : for god has made me fruitful in the land of my affliction .
the people said to joshua , no ; but we will serve yahweh .
the rough male goat is the king of greece : and the great horn that is between his eyes is the first king .
when his armor bearer saw that saul was dead , he likewise fell on his sword , and died .
he said , brothers and fathers , listen . the god of glory appeared to our father abraham , when he was in mesopotamia , before he lived in haran ,
but woe to you who are rich ! for you have received your consolation .
gideon the son of joash died in a good old age , and was buried in the tomb of joash his father , in ophrah of the abiezrites .
stay with him a few days , until your brother 's fury turns away ;
the servants of achish said to him , is n't this david the king of the land ? did n't they sing one to another about him in dances , saying , saul has slain his thousands , david his ten thousands ? '
it happened , from the day that the ark abode in kiriath jearim , that the time was long ; for it was twenty years : and all the house of israel lamented after yahweh .
one of his disciples , andrew , simon peter 's brother , said to him ,
the woman answered , i have no husband . jesus said to her , you said well , i have no husband , '
but in the eighteenth year of king josiah was this passover kept to yahweh in jerusalem .
his eyes will be red with wine , his teeth white with milk .
will you harass a driven leaf ? will you pursue the dry stubble ?
good and upright is yahweh , therefore he will instruct sinners in the way .
now while paul waited for them at athens , his spirit was provoked within him as he saw the city full of idols .
his disciples said to him , if this is the case of the man with his wife , it is not expedient to marry .
their bulls breed without fail . their cows calve , and do n't miscarry .
one male goat for a sin offering ;
again , when i say to the wicked , you shall surely die ; if he turn from his sin , and do that which is lawful and right ;
these things have i spoken to you , so that you would n't be caused to stumble .
the pharisees therefore said to him , you testify about yourself . your testimony is not valid .
when hezekiah and the princes came and saw the heaps , they blessed yahweh , and his people israel .
then the priest shall command that they take out the stones in which is the plague , and cast them into an unclean place outside of the city :
as for the prince , he shall sit therein as prince to eat bread before yahweh ; he shall enter by the way of the porch of the gate , and shall go out by the way of the same .
god worked special miracles by the hands of paul ,
behold , a woman who had an issue of blood for twelve years came behind him , and touched the tassels of his garment ;
a workman has cast an image , and the goldsmith overlays it with gold , and casts silver chains for it .
yahweh said to moses , tell aaron , stretch out your rod , and strike the dust of the earth , that it may become lice throughout all the land of egypt . '
now the rest of the acts of menahem , and all that he did , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of israel ?
for death is come up into our windows , it is entered into our palaces ; to cut off the children from outside , and the young men from the streets .
he said , please show me your glory .
i made myself gardens and parks , and i planted trees in them of all kinds of fruit .
neither shall you covet your neighbor 's wife ; neither shall you desire your neighbor 's house , his field , or his male servant , or his female servant , his ox , or his donkey , or anything that is your neighbor 's .
we know that god has spoken to moses . but as for this man , we do n't know where he comes from .
their tents and their flocks shall they take ; they shall carry away for themselves their curtains , and all their vessels , and their camels ; and they shall cry to them , terror on every side !
he said to me , to build her a house in the land of shinar . when it is prepared , she will be set there in her own place .
judah sent the kid of the goats by the hand of his friend , the adullamite , to receive the pledge from the woman 's hand , but he did n't find her .
they came , both men and women , as many as were willing - hearted , and brought brooches , earrings , signet rings , and armlets , all jewels of gold ; even every man who offered an offering of gold to yahweh .
moses and eleazar the priest took the gold of them , even all worked jewels .
moses took the anointing oil , and anointed the tabernacle and all that was in it , and sanctified them .
so the king went over to gilgal , and chimham went over with him : and all the people of judah brought the king over , and also half the people of israel .
the man , the master of the house , went out to them , and said to them , no , my brothers , please do n't act so wickedly ; seeing that this man is come into my house , do n't do this folly .
because if our heart condemns us , god is greater than our heart , and knows all things .
we ca n't reach the almighty , he is exalted in power ; in justice and great righteousness he will not oppress .
joab the son of zeruiah was over the army ; and jehoshaphat the son of ahilud was recorder ;
but who can endure the day of his coming ? and who will stand when he appears ? for he is like a refiner 's fire , and like launderer 's soap ;
they answered that they did n't know where it was from .
the lord of that servant will come in a day when he does n't expect it , and in an hour when he does n't know it ,
who died for us , that , whether we wake or sleep , we should live together with him .
i made known to them your name , and will make it known ; that the love with which you loved me may be in them , and i in them .
and the peace of god , which surpasses all understanding , will guard your hearts and your thoughts in christ jesus .
the multitudes said , this is the prophet , jesus , from nazareth of galilee .
so then neither he who plants is anything , nor he who waters , but god who gives the increase .
for however many are the promises of god , in him is the yes . therefore also through him is the amen , to the glory of god through us .
he puts forth his hand on the flinty rock , and he overturns the mountains by the roots .
oh let the nations be glad and sing for joy , for you will judge the peoples with equity , and govern the nations on earth . selah .
outside of the inner gate were chambers for the singers in the inner court , which was at the side of the north gate ; and their prospect was toward the south ; one at the side of the east gate having the prospect toward the north .
you are my king , god . command victories for jacob !
i came this day to the spring , and said , yahweh , the god of my master abraham , if now you do prosper my way which i go
for yahweh your god walks in the midst of your camp , to deliver you , and to give up your enemies before you ; therefore shall your camp be holy , that he may not see an unclean thing in you , and turn away from you .
he went in also to rachel , and he loved also rachel more than leah , and served with him yet seven other years .
do to them as you did to midian , as to sisera , as to jabin , at the river kishon ;
then all the captains of the forces , and johanan the son of kareah , and jezaniah the son of hoshaiah , and all the people from the least even to the greatest , came near ,
if a man dies , shall he live again ? all the days of my warfare would i wait , until my release should come .
the magicians did in like manner with their enchantments , and brought up frogs on the land of egypt .
if you forsake yahweh , and serve foreign gods , then he will turn and do you evil , and consume you , after that he has done you good .
pour out your indignation on them . let the fierceness of your anger overtake them .
you divided the sea before them , so that they went through the midst of the sea on the dry land ; and their pursuers you did cast into the depths , as a stone into the mighty waters .
when paul wanted to enter in to the people , the disciples did n't allow him .
now the children of reuben and the children of gad had a very great multitude of livestock : and when they saw the land of jazer , and the land of gilead , that behold , the place was a place for livestock ;
of the teaching of baptisms , of laying on of hands , of resurrection of the dead , and of eternal judgment .
moreover yahweh your god will send the hornet among them , until those who are left , and hide themselves , perish from before you .
moses said to aaron , and to eleazar and to ithamar , his sons , do n't let the hair of your heads go loose , neither tear your clothes ; that you do n't die , and that he not be angry with all the congregation : but let your brothers , the whole house of israel , bewail the burning which yahweh has kindled .
he who says he is in the light and hates his brother , is in the darkness even until now .
lod , and ono , the valley of craftsmen .
when you are in oppression , and all these things are come on you , in the latter days you shall return to yahweh your god , and listen to his voice :
i , tertius , who write the letter , greet you in the lord .
you who tell good news to zion , go up on a high mountain . you who tell good news to jerusalem , lift up your voice with strength . lift it up . do n't be afraid . say to the cities of judah , behold , your god !
he who oppresses the poor shows contempt for his maker , but he who is kind to the needy honors him .
for wherever the carcass is , there will the vultures be gathered together .
kedemoth with its suburbs , and mephaath with its suburbs ; four cities .
the fortress shall cease from ephraim , and the kingdom from damascus , and the remnant of syria . they will be as the glory of the children of israel , says yahweh of armies .
for the land , where you go in to possess it , is n't as the land of egypt , from whence you came out , where you sowed your seed , and watered it with your foot , as a garden of herbs ;
therefore the wild animals of the desert with the wolves shall dwell there , and the ostriches shall dwell therein : and it shall be no more inhabited forever ; neither shall it be lived in from generation to generation .
but a whole month , until it come out at your nostrils , and it be loathsome to you ; because that you have rejected yahweh who is among you , and have wept before him , saying , why came we forth out of egypt ?
behold , he spreads his light around him . he covers the bottom of the sea .
for he was wiser than all men ; than ethan the ezrahite , and heman , and calcol , and darda , the sons of mahol : and his fame was in all the nations round about .
he said to the king of israel , put your hand on the bow ; and he put his hand on it . elisha laid his hands on the king 's hands .
now therefore call to me all the prophets of baal , all his worshippers , and all his priests ; let none be wanting : for i have a great sacrifice to do to baal ; whoever shall be wanting , he shall not live . but jehu did it in subtlety , to the intent that he might destroy the worshippers of baal .
but if he ca n't afford two turtledoves , or two young pigeons , then he shall bring his offering for that in which he has sinned , the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour for a sin offering . he shall put no oil on it , neither shall he put any frankincense on it , for it is a sin offering .
which is easier to say , your sins are forgiven you ; ' or to say , arise and walk ? '
but he said to them , you give them something to eat . they said , we have no more than five loaves and two fish , unless we should go and buy food for all these people .
but ahaz said , i will not ask , neither will i tempt yahweh .
then david the king went in , and sat before yahweh ; and he said , who am i , yahweh god , and what is my house , that you have brought me thus far ?
the man said , this is now bone of my bones , and flesh of my flesh . she will be called woman , because she was taken out of man .
on the three and twentieth day of the seventh month he sent the people away to their tents , joyful and glad of heart for the goodness that yahweh had shown to david , and to solomon , and to israel his people .
( all of which perish with use ) , according to the precepts and doctrines of men ?
therefore will i also deal in wrath ; my eye shall not spare , neither will i have pity ; and though they cry in my ears with a loud voice , yet will i not hear them .
by patience a ruler is persuaded . a soft tongue breaks the bone .
the caravans that travel beside them turn aside ; they go up into the waste , and perish .
not boasting beyond proper limits in other men 's labors , but having hope that as your faith grows , we will be abundantly enlarged by you in our sphere of influence ,
it happened , when the captains of the chariots saw jehoshaphat , that they said , it is the king of israel . therefore they turned about to fight against him : but jehoshaphat cried out , and yahweh helped him ; and god moved them to depart from him .
their redeemer is strong ; yahweh of armies is his name : he will thoroughly plead their cause , that he may give rest to the earth , and disquiet the inhabitants of babylon .
then said i in my heart , as it happens to the fool , so will it happen even to me ; and why was i then more wise ? then said i in my heart that this also is vanity .
when she had said this , she turned around and saw jesus standing , and did n't know that it was jesus .
be of good courage , and let us play the man for our people , and for the cities of our god : and yahweh do that which seems him good .
because yahweh was not able to bring this people into the land which he swore to them , therefore he has slain them in the wilderness .
to fulfill the word of yahweh by the mouth of jeremiah , until the land had enjoyed its sabbaths : for as long as it lay desolate it kept sabbath , to fulfill seventy years .
but all their works they do to be seen by men . they make their phylacteries broad , enlarge the fringes of their garments ,
so , because you are lukewarm , and neither hot nor cold , i will vomit you out of my mouth .
again he said , to what shall i compare the kingdom of god ?
they made two settings of gold , and two gold rings , and put the two rings on the two ends of the breastplate .
whatever shall touch its flesh shall be holy . when there is any of its blood sprinkled on a garment , you shall wash that on which it was sprinkled in a holy place .
for they all saw him , and were troubled . but he immediately spoke with them , and said to them , cheer up ! it is i ! do n't be afraid .
you daughters of israel , weep over saul , who clothed you in scarlet delicately , who put ornaments of gold on your clothing .
he said to her , what do you want ? she said to him , command that these , my two sons , may sit , one on your right hand , and one on your left hand , in your kingdom .
many of the multitude therefore , when they heard these words , said , this is truly the prophet .
david called one of the young men , and said , go near , and fall on him . he struck him , so that he died .
of asher he said , blessed be asher with children ; let him be acceptable to his brothers , let him dip his foot in oil .
behold , how great a love the father has bestowed on us , that we should be called children of god ! for this cause the world does n't know us , because it did n't know him .
her sister oholibah saw this , yet was she more corrupt in her doting than she , and in her prostitution which were more than the prostitution of her sister .
when aaron lights the lamps at evening , he shall burn it , a perpetual incense before yahweh throughout your generations .
the wicked , in the pride of his face , has no room in his thoughts for god .
he shall sprinkle on him who is to be cleansed from the leprosy seven times , and shall pronounce him clean , and shall let the living bird go into the open field .
this land we took in possession at that time : from aroer , which is by the valley of the arnon , and half the hill country of gilead , and the cities of it , gave i to the reubenites and to the gadites :
which , when it was filled , they drew up on the beach . they sat down , and gathered the good into containers , but the bad they threw away .
it will happen at that time , that i will search jerusalem with lamps , and i will punish the men who are settled on their dregs , who say in their heart , yahweh will not do good , neither will he do evil .
so the priests , and the levites , and the porters , and the singers , and some of the people , and the nethinim , and all israel , lived in their cities . when the seventh month was come , the children of israel were in their cities .
if his father have no brothers , then you shall give his inheritance to his kinsman who is next to him of his family , and he shall possess it : and it shall be to the children of israel a statute and ordinance , as yahweh commanded moses .
samuel said to him , yahweh has torn the kingdom of israel from you this day , and has given it to a neighbor of yours who is better than you .
each one went straight forward : where the spirit was to go , they went ; they did n't turn when they went .
he arose , and came to his father . but while he was still far off , his father saw him , and was moved with compassion , and ran , and fell on his neck , and kissed him .
but we are not of those who shrink back to destruction , but of those who have faith to the saving of the soul .
the sound of the wings of the cherubim was heard even to the outer court , as the voice of god almighty when he speaks .
joy comes to a man with the reply of his mouth . how good is a word at the right time !
that they may know that this is your hand ; that you , yahweh , have done it .
therefore shall you serve your enemies whom yahweh shall send against you , in hunger , and in thirst , and in nakedness , and in want of all things : and he shall put a yoke of iron on your neck , until he have destroyed you .
for the fruit of the spirit is in all goodness and righteousness and truth ,
they will by no means follow a stranger , but will flee from him ; for they do n't know the voice of strangers .
yahweh spoke to moses in the wilderness of sinai , in the first month of the second year after they had come out of the land of egypt , saying ,
if anyone sins , in that he hears the voice of adjuration , he being a witness , whether he has seen or known , if he does n't report it , then he shall bear his iniquity .
i say that your counsel and strength for the war are only vain words . now in whom do you trust , that you have rebelled against me ?
abner had communication with the elders of israel , saying , in times past you sought for david to be king over you :
the crucible is for silver , and the furnace for gold ; but man is refined by his praise .
but of the son he says , your throne , o god , is forever and ever ; the scepter of uprightness is the scepter of your kingdom .
you shall give to the priests the levites who are of the seed of zadok , who are near to me , to minister to me , says the lord yahweh , a young bull for a sin offering .
and to the angel of the assembly in sardis write : he who has the seven spirits of god , and the seven stars says these things : i know your works , that you have a reputation of being alive , but you are dead .
my son , do n't forget my teaching ; but let your heart keep my commandments :
their houses are safe from fear , neither is the rod of god upon them .
then we told them after this manner , what the names of the men were who were making this building .
here is the patience of the saints , those who keep the commandments of god , and the faith of jesus .
the ark of the testimony with its poles , the mercy seat ,
this ezra went up from babylon : and he was a ready scribe in the law of moses , which yahweh , the god of israel , had given ; and the king granted him all his request , according to the hand of yahweh his god on him .
he dealt well with abram for her sake . he had sheep , oxen , male donkeys , male servants , female servants , female donkeys , and camels .
the refining pot is for silver , and the furnace for gold , but yahweh tests the hearts .
but whoever keeps his word , god 's love has most assuredly been perfected in him . this is how we know that we are in him :
it happened on the next day after the new moon , which was the second day , that david 's place was empty : and saul said to jonathan his son , why does n't the son of jesse come to meat , neither yesterday , nor today ?
but to each one of us was the grace given according to the measure of the gift of christ .
those who worship the army of the sky on the housetops , those who worship and swear by yahweh and also swear by malcam ,
he who hates me , hates my father also .
i will fill its mountains with its slain : in your hills and in your valleys and in all your watercourses shall they fall who are slain with the sword .
behold , an angel of the lord stood by them , and the glory of the lord shone around them , and they were terrified .
if the plague comes again , and breaks out in the house , after he has taken out the stones , and after he has scraped the house , and after it was plastered ;
offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving of that which is leavened , and proclaim free will offerings and brag about them : for this pleases you , you children of israel , says the lord yahweh .
having been made perfect , he became to all of those who obey him the author of eternal salvation ,
commit your way to yahweh . trust also in him , and he will do this :
for an angel of the lord went down at certain times into the pool , and stirred up the water . whoever stepped in first after the stirring of the water was made whole of whatever disease he had .
jesus said to them , i am the bread of life . he who comes to me will not be hungry , and he who believes in me will never be thirsty .
he will say , where are their gods , the rock in which they took refuge ;
do n't you consider what this people has spoken , saying , the two families which yahweh did choose , he has cast them off ? thus do they despise my people , that they should be no more a nation before them .
even in the third year of asa king of judah did baasha kill him , and reigned in his place .
your renown went forth among the nations for your beauty ; for it was perfect , through my majesty which i had put on you , says the lord yahweh .
i said , you are gods , all of you are sons of the most high .
for thus says yahweh , the god of israel , the jar of meal shall not empty , neither shall the jar of oil fail , until the day that yahweh sends rain on the earth .
but paul said to them , they have beaten us publicly , without a trial , men who are romans , and have cast us into prison ! do they now release us secretly ? no , most assuredly , but let them come themselves and bring us out !
a voice of the wailing of the shepherds ! for their glory is destroyed : a voice of the roaring of young lions ! for the pride of the jordan is ruined .
we have the more sure word of prophecy ; whereunto you do well that you take heed , as to a lamp shining in a dark place , until the day dawns , and the morning star arises in your hearts :
and the priest shall offer the burnt offering and the meal offering on the altar . the priest shall make atonement for him , and he shall be clean .
all the instruments of the tent in all its service , and all the pins of it , and all the pins of the court , shall be of brass .
yes , the sparrow has found a home , and the swallow a nest for herself , where she may have her young , near your altars , yahweh of armies , my king , and my god .
this saying is faithful and worthy of all acceptance .
for yahweh of armies , who planted you , has pronounced evil against you , because of the evil of the house of israel and of the house of judah , which they have worked for themselves in provoking me to anger by offering incense to baal .
however much she glorified herself , and grew wanton , so much give her of torment and mourning . for she says in her heart , i sit a queen , and am no widow , and will in no way see mourning . '
sing , you heavens , for yahweh has done it ; shout , you lower parts of the earth ; break forth into singing , you mountains , o forest , and every tree therein : for yahweh has redeemed jacob , and will glorify himself in israel .
for you need endurance so that , having done the will of god , you may receive the promise .
in all the land were no women found so beautiful as the daughters of job . their father gave them an inheritance among their brothers .
the noise of the whip , the noise of the rattling of wheels , prancing horses , and bounding chariots ,
they led jesus away to the high priest . all the chief priests , the elders , and the scribes came together with him .
do n't you yet perceive , neither remember the five loaves for the five thousand , and how many baskets you took up ?
unless it is for this one thing that i cried standing among them , concerning the resurrection of the dead i am being judged before you today ! '
the man grew great , and grew more and more until he became very great .
the people said to joshua , yahweh our god will we serve , and to his voice will we listen .
he killed of edom in the valley of salt ten thousand , and took sela by war , and called the name of it joktheel , to this day .
he said to them , is it lawful on the sabbath day to do good , or to do harm ? to save a life , or to kill ? but they were silent .
the house which king solomon built for yahweh , the length of it was sixty cubits , and the breadth of it twenty cubits , and the height of it thirty cubits .
he is like a man building a house , who dug and went deep , and laid a foundation on the rock . when a flood arose , the stream broke against that house , and could not shake it , because it was founded on the rock .
but if you will not listen to me to make the sabbath day holy , and not to bear a burden and enter in at the gates of jerusalem on the sabbath day ; then will i kindle a fire in the gates of it , and it shall devour the palaces of jerusalem , and it shall not be quenched .
at that time , jesus went on the sabbath day through the grain fields . his disciples were hungry and began to pluck heads of grain and to eat .
having condemnation , because they have rejected their first pledge .
and i thank him who enabled me , christ jesus our lord , because he counted me faithful , appointing me to service ;
for we must needs die , and are as water split on the ground , which ca n't be gathered up again ; neither does god take away life , but devises means , that he who is banished not be an outcast from him .
when you rebuke and correct man for iniquity , you consume his wealth like a moth . surely every man is but a breath . selah .
with the merciful you will show yourself merciful . with the perfect man , you will show yourself perfect .
let the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be acceptable in your sight , yahweh , my rock , and my redeemer .
for who is god , except yahweh ? who is a rock , besides our god ,
saul saw and knew that yahweh was with david ; and michal , saul 's daughter , loved him .
he made the ephod of gold , blue , purple , scarlet , and fine twined linen .
but yahweh , who brought you up out of the land of egypt with great power and with an outstretched arm , him shall you fear , and to him shall you bow yourselves , and to him shall you sacrifice :
this was a small thing in your eyes , god ; but you have spoken of your servant 's house for a great while to come , and have regarded me according to the estate of a man of high degree , yahweh god .
why are you in despair , my soul ? why are you disturbed within me ? hope in god ! for i shall still praise him , the saving help of my countenance , and my god .
thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel : go , and tell the men of judah and the inhabitants of jerusalem , will you not receive instruction to listen to my words ? says yahweh .
the way of the wicked is an abomination to yahweh , but he loves him who follows after righteousness .
there was no day like that before it or after it , that yahweh listened to the voice of a man : for yahweh fought for israel .
when i tell the wicked , you shall surely die ; and you give him no warning , nor speak to warn the wicked from his wicked way , to save his life ; the same wicked man shall die in his iniquity ; but his blood will i require at your hand .
he entered again into the synagogue , and there was a man there who had his hand withered .
there is a river , the streams of which make the city of god glad , the holy place of the tents of the most high .
they have all turned aside . they have together become unprofitable . there is no one who does good , no , not , so much as one .
it is better to dwell in the corner of the housetop , than to share a house with a contentious woman .
for if we had n't delayed , surely we would have returned a second time by now .
it shall be that , when they enter in at the gates of the inner court , they shall be clothed with linen garments ; and no wool shall come on them , while they minister in the gates of the inner court , and within .
it happened in the morning watch , that yahweh looked out on the egyptian army through the pillar of fire and of cloud , and confused the egyptian army .
yahweh delivered to me the two tables of stone written with the finger of god ; and on them was written according to all the words , which yahweh spoke with you on the mountain out of the midst of the fire in the day of the assembly .
in his humiliation , his judgment was taken away . who will declare his generation ? for his life is taken from the earth .
now let a little water be fetched , wash your feet , and rest yourselves under the tree .
you blind guides , who strain out a gnat , and swallow a camel !
let pharaoh do this , and let him appoint overseers over the land , and take up the fifth part of the land of egypt 's produce in the seven plenteous years .
aaron shall be gathered to his people ; for he shall not enter into the land which i have given to the children of israel , because you rebelled against my word at the waters of meribah .
in the plain of the jordan did the king cast them , in the clay ground between succoth and zeredah .
for i will restore health to you , and i will heal you of your wounds , says yahweh ; because they have called you an outcast , saying , it is zion , whom no man seeks after .
i am the vine . you are the branches . he who remains in me , and i in him , the same bears much fruit , for apart from me you can do nothing .
they stirred up the people , the elders , and the scribes , and came against him and seized him , and brought him in to the council ,
these four were born to the giant in gath ; and they fell by the hand of david , and by the hand of his servants .
his parents went every year to jerusalem at the feast of the passover .
you uncovered your bow . you called for your sworn arrows . selah . you split the earth with rivers .
you shall walk in all the way which yahweh your god has commanded you , that you may live , and that it may be well with you , and that you may prolong your days in the land which you shall possess .
but when this , your son , came , who has devoured your living with prostitutes , you killed the fattened calf for him . '
they were astonished beyond measure , saying , he has done all things well . he makes even the deaf hear , and the mute speak !
jacob lifted up his eyes , and looked , and , behold , esau was coming , and with him four hundred men . he divided the children between leah , rachel , and the two handmaids .
i will observe your statutes . do n't utterly forsake me . beit
all those who were numbered of the levites , whom moses and aaron and the princes of israel numbered , by their families , and by their fathers ' houses ,
for he has strengthened the bars of your gates . he has blessed your children within you .
and led him to annas first , for he was father - in - law to caiaphas , who was high priest that year .
one of his servants answered , please let some take five of the horses that remain , which are left in the city ( behold , they are as all the multitude of israel who are left in it ; behold , they are as all the multitude of israel who are consumed ) ; and let us send and see .
his power shall be mighty , but not by his own power ; and he shall destroy wonderfully , and shall prosper and do his pleasure ; and he shall destroy the mighty ones and the holy people .
the name of the other was eliezer , for he said , my father 's god was my help and delivered me from pharaoh 's sword .
when its boughs are withered , they will be broken off . the women will come and set them on fire , for they are a people of no understanding . therefore he who made them will not have compassion on them , and he who formed them will show them no favor .
but if the bright spot stays in its place , and has n't spread , it is the scar from the boil ; and the priest shall pronounce him clean .
whatever yahweh pleased , that he has done , in heaven and in earth , in the seas and in all deeps ;
and i will shake all nations . the precious things of all nations will come , and i will fill this house with glory , says yahweh of armies .
i will be his father , and he shall be my son : and i will not take my loving kindness away from him , as i took it from him that was before you ;
seeing a fig tree by the road , he came to it , and found nothing on it but leaves . he said to it , let there be no fruit from you forever ! immediately the fig tree withered away .
he called the multitude to himself with his disciples , and said to them , whoever wants to come after me , let him deny himself , and take up his cross , and follow me .
i will make jerusalem heaps , a dwelling place of jackals ; and i will make the cities of judah a desolation , without inhabitant .
i am not worthy of the least of all the loving kindnesses , and of all the truth , which you have shown to your servant ; for with just my staff i passed over this jordan ; and now i have become two companies .
joshua rose up early in the morning ; and they removed from shittim , and came to the jordan , he and all the children of israel ; and they lodged there before they passed over .
samson said to them , this time shall i be blameless in regard of the philistines , when i do them a mischief .
but in mount zion , there will be those who escape , and it will be holy . the house of jacob will possess their possessions .
it happened at that time , when eli was laid down in his place ( now his eyes had begun to grow dim , so that he could not see ) ,
for this cause it is of faith , that it may be according to grace , to the end that the promise may be sure to all the seed , not to that only which is of the law , but to that also which is of the faith of abraham , who is the father of us all .
it came to pass in the seven and twentieth year , in the first month , in the first day of the month , the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
he made ready his chariot , and took his army with him ;
he spoke to the man clothed in linen , and said , go in between the whirling wheels , even under the cherub , and fill both your hands with coals of fire from between the cherubim , and scatter them over the city . he went in as i watched .
you shall betroth a wife , and another man shall lie with her : you shall build a house , and you shall not dwell therein : you shall plant a vineyard , and shall not use the fruit of it .
and saying , where is the promise of his coming ? for , from the day that the fathers fell asleep , all things continue as they were from the beginning of the creation .
these , therefore , came to philip , who was from bethsaida of galilee , and asked him , saying , sir , we want to see jesus .
for i tell you that to everyone who has , will more be given ; but from him who does n't have , even that which he has will be taken away from him .
he struck them hip and thigh with a great slaughter : and he went down and lived in the cleft of the rock of etam .
to another faith , by the same spirit ; and to another gifts of healings , by the same spirit ;
be prepared , yes , prepare yourself , you , and all your companies who are assembled to you , and be a guard to them .
yahweh preserves all those who love him , but all the wicked he will destroy .
nor the seven loaves for the four thousand , and how many baskets you took up ?
by the rivers of babylon , there we sat down . yes , we wept , when we remembered zion .
and the levite , because he has no portion nor inheritance with you , and the foreigner living among you , and the fatherless , and the widow , who are within your gates , shall come , and shall eat and be satisfied ; that yahweh your god may bless you in all the work of your hand which you do .
they were distressed because they were confident ; they came there , and were confounded .
so he brought down the people to the water : and yahweh said to gideon , everyone who laps of the water with his tongue , as a dog laps , him shall you set by himself ; likewise everyone who bows down on his knees to drink .
every vow , and every binding oath to afflict the soul , her husband may establish it , or her husband may make it void .
when he had looked around at them with anger , being grieved at the hardening of their hearts , he said to the man , stretch out your hand . he stretched it out , and his hand was restored as healthy as the other .
yahweh spoke to moses that same day , saying ,
they are foam on the surface of the waters . their portion is cursed in the earth : they do n't turn into the way of the vineyards .
they die in youth . their life perishes among the unclean .
for israel has forgotten his maker and built palaces ; and judah has multiplied fortified cities ; but i will send a fire on his cities , and it will devour its fortresses .
so then the lord jesus , after he had spoken to them , was received up into heaven , and sat down at the right hand of god .
you afflicted , tossed with tempest , and not comforted , behold , i will set your stones in beautiful colors , and lay your foundations with sapphires .
when you cry , let those who you have gathered deliver you ; but the wind shall take them , a breath shall carry them all away : but he who takes refuge in me shall possess the land , and shall inherit my holy mountain .
therefore i will judge you , house of israel , everyone according to his ways , says the lord yahweh . return you , and turn yourselves from all your transgressions ; so iniquity shall not be your ruin .
all who heard him were amazed at his understanding and his answers .
in the plain of the jordan did the king cast them , in the clay ground between succoth and zarethan .
he measured the length of it , twenty cubits , and the breadth , twenty cubits , before the temple : and he said to me , this is the most holy place .
saul was very angry , and this saying displeased him ; and he said , they have ascribed to david ten thousands , and to me they have ascribed but thousands : and what can he have more but the kingdom ?
you shall fear yahweh your god ; and him shall you serve , and shall swear by his name .
he cried with a mighty voice , saying , fallen , fallen is babylon the great , and she has become a habitation of demons , a prison of every unclean spirit , and a prison of every unclean and hateful bird !
without faith it is impossible to be well pleasing to him , for he who comes to god must believe that he exists , and that he is a rewarder of those who seek him .
yet for all that , when they are in the land of their enemies , i will not reject them , neither will i abhor them , to destroy them utterly , and to break my covenant with them ; for i am yahweh their god ;
but watch yourselves , for they will deliver you up to councils . you will be beaten in synagogues . you will stand before rulers and kings for my sake , for a testimony to them .
surely then shall you lift up your face without spot ; yes , you shall be steadfast , and shall not fear :
as he sat on the mount of olives opposite the temple , peter , james , john , and andrew asked him privately ,
egypt rises up like the nile , and his waters toss themselves like the rivers : and he says , i will rise up , i will cover the earth ; i will destroy cities and the inhabitants of it .
then pharaoh said to him , but what have you lacked with me , that behold , you seek to go to your own country ? he answered , nothing : however only let me depart .
he said to me , daniel , you man greatly beloved , understand the words that i speak to you , and stand upright ; for to you am i now sent . when he had spoken this word to me , i stood trembling .
then joram passed over to zair , and all his chariots with him : and he rose up by night , and struck the edomites who surrounded him , and the captains of the chariots ; and the people fled to their tents .
the elder and the honorable man is the head , and the prophet who teaches lies is the tail .
give diligence to present yourself approved by god , a workman who does n't need to be ashamed , properly handling the word of truth .
holding up the word of life ; that i may have something to boast in the day of christ , that i did n't run in vain nor labor in vain .
that the cities which huram had given to solomon , solomon built them , and caused the children of israel to dwell there .
give thanks to yahweh with the lyre . sing praises to him with the harp of ten strings .
gathering together all the chief priests and scribes of the people , he asked them where the christ would be born .
awake , sword , against my shepherd , and against the man who is close to me , says yahweh of armies . strike the shepherd , and the sheep will be scattered ; and i will turn my hand against the little ones .
when all israel saw that the king did n't listen to them , the people answered the king , saying , what portion have we in david ? neither have we inheritance in the son of jesse : to your tents , israel : now see to your own house , david . so israel departed to their tents .
now therefore take twelve men out of the tribes of israel , for every tribe a man .
they said to joshua , we are your servants . joshua said to them , who are you ? and from whence come you ?
remember now , yahweh , i beg you , how i have walked before you in truth and with a perfect heart , and have done that which is good in your sight . hezekiah wept sore .
for as through the one man 's disobedience many were made sinners , even so through the obedience of the one will many be made righteous .
and you shall give the money , with which the remainder of them is redeemed , to aaron and to his sons .
a devout man , and one who feared god with all his house , who gave gifts for the needy generously to the people , and always prayed to god .
he had a son , whose name was saul , an impressive young man ; and there was not among the children of israel a better person than he . from his shoulders and upward he was higher than any of the people .
samuel said to saul , why have you disquieted me , to bring me up ? saul answered , i am sore distressed ; for the philistines make war against me , and god is departed from me , and answers me no more , neither by prophets , nor by dreams : therefore i have called you , that you may make known to me what i shall do .
but jesus said to him , follow me , and leave the dead to bury their own dead .
now the word of yahweh came to jonah the son of amittai , saying ,
then will i make this house like shiloh , and will make this city a curse to all the nations of the earth .
my soul still remembers them , and is bowed down within me .
but david had brought the ark of god up from kiriath jearim to the place that david had prepared for it ; for he had pitched a tent for it at jerusalem .
to shine on those who sit in darkness and the shadow of death ; to guide our feet into the way of peace .
for i lift up my hand to heaven , and say , as i live forever ,
even a fool , when he keeps silent , is counted wise . when he shuts his lips , he is thought to be discerning .
also solomon sits on the throne of the kingdom .
the field , and the cave that is in it , were deeded to abraham for a possession of a burying place by the children of heth .
but when his heart was lifted up , and his spirit was hardened so that he dealt proudly , he was deposed from his kingly throne , and they took his glory from him :
jacob took to himself rods of fresh poplar , almond , plane tree , peeled white streaks in them , and made the white appear which was in the rods .
for such as are blessed by him shall inherit the land . those who are cursed by him shall be cut off .
there they were in great fear , for god is in the generation of the righteous .
he gave over their livestock also to the hail , and their flocks to hot thunderbolts .
it happened , in process of time , at the end of two years , that his bowels fell out by reason of his sickness , and he died of sore diseases . his people made no burning for him , like the burning of his fathers .
so then , my beloved , even as you have always obeyed , not only in my presence , but now much more in my absence , work out your own salvation with fear and trembling .
for on the first day of the first month began he to go up from babylon ; and on the first day of the fifth month came he to jerusalem , according to the good hand of his god on him .
go , and gather the elders of israel together , and tell them , yahweh , the god of your fathers , the god of abraham , of isaac , and of jacob , has appeared to me , saying , i have surely visited you , and seen that which is done to you in egypt ;
but he who hates his brother is in the darkness , and walks in the darkness , and does n't know where he is going , because the darkness has blinded his eyes .
the appointed charge of the sons of merari shall be the tabernacle 's boards , its bars , its pillars , its sockets , all its instruments , all its service ,
therefore neither the priests of dagon , nor any who come into dagon 's house , tread on the threshold of dagon in ashdod , to this day .
i am afraid for you , that i might have wasted my labor for you .
even the god who executes vengeance for me , who brings down peoples under me ,
and he said , if you will diligently listen to the voice of yahweh your god , and will do that which is right in his eyes , and will pay attention to his commandments , and keep all his statutes , i will put none of the diseases on you , which i have put on the egyptians ; for i am yahweh who heals you .
he made the altar of burnt offering of acacia wood . it was square . its length was five cubits , its breadth was five cubits , and its height was three cubits .
for thus says yahweh : like as i have brought all this great evil on this people , so will i bring on them all the good that i have promised them .
but i must die in this land , i must not go over the jordan ; but you shall go over , and possess that good land .
pharaoh said , i will let you go , that you may sacrifice to yahweh your god in the wilderness , only you shall not go very far away . pray for me .
these are the statutes and the ordinances which you shall observe to do in the land which yahweh , the god of your fathers , has given you to possess it , all the days that you live on the earth .
and their king will go into captivity , he and his princes together , says yahweh .
then job answered ,
the wicked shall be turned back to sheol , even all the nations that forget god .
for yahweh your god is he who goes with you , to fight for you against your enemies , to save you .
nevertheless you shall not build the house ; but your son who shall come forth out of your body , he shall build the house for my name .
there went forth a wind from yahweh , and brought quails from the sea , and let them fall by the camp , about a day 's journey on this side , and a day 's journey on the other side , round about the camp , and about two cubits above the surface of the earth .
hiram king of tyre sent messengers to david , and cedar trees , and masons , and carpenters , to build him a house .
yahweh is my light and my salvation . whom shall i fear ? yahweh is the strength of my life . of whom shall i be afraid ?
you shall not eat it ; that it may go well with you , and with your children after you , when you shall do that which is right in the eyes of yahweh .
beloved , do n't believe every spirit , but test the spirits , whether they are of god , because many false prophets have gone out into the world .
the cloud removed from over the tent ; and behold , miriam was leprous , as white as snow : and aaron looked at miriam , and behold , she was leprous .
wail , you shepherds , and cry ; and wallow in ashes , you principal of the flock ; for the days of your slaughter and of your dispersions are fully come , and you shall fall like a goodly vessel .
now i mean this , that each one of you says , i follow paul , i follow apollos , i follow cephas , and , i follow christ .
for thus says yahweh who created the heavens , the god who formed the earth and made it , who established it and did n't create it a waste , who formed it to be inhabited : i am yahweh ; and there is no one else .
if they be ashamed of all that they have done , make known to them the form of the house , and the fashion of it , and the exits of it , and the entrances of it , and all the forms of it , and all the ordinances of it , and all the forms of it , and all the laws of it ; and write it in their sight ; that they may keep the whole form of it , and all the ordinances of it , and do them .
they took every man his censer , and put fire in them , and laid incense thereon , and stood at the door of the tent of meeting with moses and aaron .
for they refreshed my spirit and yours . therefore acknowledge those who are like that .
woe to you ! for you build the tombs of the prophets , and your fathers killed them .
therefore , i tell you , do n't be anxious for your life : what you will eat , or what you will drink ; nor yet for your body , what you will wear . is n't life more than food , and the body more than clothing ?
what one nation in the earth is like your people israel , whom god went to redeem to himself for a people , to make you a name by great and awesome things , in driving out nations from before your people , whom you redeem out of egypt ?
david said to solomon his son , be strong and of good courage , and do it : do n't be afraid , nor be dismayed ; for yahweh god , even my god , is with you ; he will not fail you , nor forsake you , until all the work for the service of the house of yahweh is finished .
there was much murmuring among the multitudes concerning him . some said , he is a good man . others said , not so , but he leads the multitude astray .
it grieves me that i have set up saul to be king ; for he is turned back from following me , and has not performed my commandments . samuel was angry ; and he cried to yahweh all night .
the children of benjamin did not drive out the jebusites who inhabited jerusalem ; but the jebusites dwell with the children of benjamin in jerusalem to this day .
others , testing him , sought from him a sign from heaven .
she lay at his feet until the morning . she rose up before one could discern another . for he said , let it not be known that the woman came to the threshing floor .
now we know that you know all things , and do n't need for anyone to question you . by this we believe that you came forth from god .
he said to them , go and tell that fox , behold , i cast out demons and perform cures today and tomorrow , and the third day i complete my mission .
you came down also on mount sinai , and spoke with them from heaven , and gave them right ordinances and true laws , good statutes and commandments ,
thus shall you say to the prophet , what has yahweh answered you ? and , what has yahweh spoken ?
then the king of israel called an officer , and said , get quickly micaiah the son of imla .
that they may know from the rising of the sun , and from the west , that there is none besides me : i am yahweh , and there is no one else .
all your enemies have opened their mouth wide against you ; they hiss and gnash the teeth ; they say , we have swallowed her up ; certainly this is the day that we looked for ; we have found , we have seen it .
but all these things are the beginning of birth pains .
he brought aaron 's sons ; and moses put some of the blood on the tip of their right ear , and on the thumb of their right hand , and on the great toe of their right foot ; and moses sprinkled the blood on the altar round about .
those who were numbered of them , according to the number of all the males , from a month old and upward , were six thousand two hundred .
god 's temple that is in heaven was opened , and the ark of the lord 's covenant was seen in his temple . lightnings , sounds , thunders , an earthquake , and great hail followed .
suddenly looking around , they saw no one with them any more , except jesus only .
for the head of syria is damascus , and the head of damascus is rezin ; and within sixty - five years ephraim shall be broken in pieces , so that it shall not be a people ;
the priest shall examine him on the seventh day . if it has spread in the skin , then the priest shall pronounce him unclean . it is the plague of leprosy .
in a controversy they shall stand to judge ; according to my ordinances shall they judge it : and they shall keep my laws and my statutes in all my appointed feasts ; and they shall make my sabbaths holy .
and he went down with them , and came to nazareth . he was subject to them , and his mother kept all these sayings in her heart .
for we will not inherit with them on the other side of the jordan , and forward ; because our inheritance is fallen to us on this side of the jordan eastward .
surely i would speak to the almighty . i desire to reason with god .
they said , yahweh , the god of israel , why has this happened in israel , that there should be today one tribe lacking in israel ?
for when they went up to the valley of eshcol , and saw the land , they discouraged the heart of the children of israel , that they should not go into the land which yahweh had given them .
on the south side shall be the standard of the camp of reuben according to their divisions . the prince of the children of reuben shall be elizur the son of shedeur .
notwithstanding hezekiah humbled himself for the pride of his heart , both he and the inhabitants of jerusalem , so that the wrath of yahweh did n't come on them in the days of hezekiah .
if the avenger of blood pursue after him , then they shall not deliver up the manslayer into his hand ; because he struck his neighbor unawares , and did n't hate him before .
when one told me , saying , behold , saul is dead , thinking to have brought good news , i took hold of him , and killed him in ziklag , which was the reward i gave him for his news .
you shall make them linen breeches to cover the flesh of their nakedness ; from the waist even to the thighs they shall reach :
you make us a byword among the nations , a shaking of the head among the peoples .
solomon sought therefore to kill jeroboam ; but jeroboam arose , and fled into egypt , to shishak king of egypt , and was in egypt until the death of solomon .
this is what yahweh of armies says : these people say , the time has n't yet come , the time for yahweh 's house to be built . '
they struck of moab at that time about ten thousand men , every lusty man , and every man of valor ; and there escaped not a man .
blessed be yahweh , my rock , who teaches my hands to war , and my fingers to battle :
you , son of man , prophesy , and say , thus says the lord yahweh concerning the children of ammon , and concerning their reproach ; and say you , a sword , a sword is drawn , for the slaughter it is furbished , to cause it to devour , that it may be as lightning ;
jehoash slept with his fathers , and was buried in samaria with the kings of israel ; and jeroboam his son reigned in his place .
of it he shall offer one out of each offering for a heave offering to yahweh . it shall be the priest 's who sprinkles the blood of the peace offerings .
when we had sailed slowly many days , and had come with difficulty opposite cnidus , the wind not allowing us further , we sailed under the lee of crete , opposite salmone .
the people , the princes of gilead , said one to another , what man is he who will begin to fight against the children of ammon ? he shall be head over all the inhabitants of gilead .
but the men would n't listen to him : so the man laid hold on his concubine , and brought her forth to them ; and they knew her , and abused her all the night until the morning : and when the day began to spring , they let her go .
so he called them in and lodged them . on the next day peter arose and went out with them , and some of the brothers from joppa accompanied him .
it happened on the next day , that moses went into the tent of the testimony ; and behold , the rod of aaron for the house of levi was budded , and put forth buds , and produced blossoms , and bore ripe almonds .
the days that david reigned over israel were forty years ; seven years reigned he in hebron , and thirty - three years reigned he in jerusalem .
when david inquired of yahweh , he said , you shall not go up : make a circuit behind them , and come on them over against the mulberry trees .
therefore , as sin entered into the world through one man , and death through sin ; and so death passed to all men , because all sinned .
so are the paths of all who forget god . the hope of the godless man shall perish ,
the tombs were opened , and many bodies of the saints who had fallen asleep were raised ;
i , behold , i have appointed with him oholiab , the son of ahisamach , of the tribe of dan ; and in the heart of all who are wise - hearted i have put wisdom , that they may make all that i have commanded you :
yahweh said to joshua , this day have i rolled away the reproach of egypt from off you . therefore the name of that place was called gilgal , to this day .
you have enlarged my steps under me , my feet have not slipped .
cursed be the man who brought news to my father , saying , a boy is born to you ; making him very glad .
now herod was very angry with the people of tyre and sidon . they came with one accord to him , and , having made blastus , the king 's chamberlain , their friend , they asked for peace , because their country depended on the king 's country for food .
take the rod , and assemble the congregation , you , and aaron your brother , and speak you to the rock before their eyes , that it give forth its water ; and you shall bring forth to them water out of the rock ; so you shall give the congregation and their livestock drink .
they arose out of midian , and came to paran ; and they took men with them out of paran , and they came to egypt , to pharaoh king of egypt , who gave him a house , and appointed him food , and gave him land .
he who becomes the father of a fool grieves . the father of a fool has no joy .
they talked with each other about all of these things which had happened .
for because you did n't carry it at the first , yahweh our god made a breach on us , because we did n't seek him according to the ordinance .
also he made before the house two pillars of thirty - five cubits high , and the capital that was on the top of each of them was five cubits .
samuel said to the cook , bring the portion which i gave you , of which i said to you , set it by you .
he said to him , i also am a prophet as you are ; and an angel spoke to me by the word of yahweh , saying , bring him back with you into your house , that he may eat bread and drink water . but he lied to him .
but i have this against you , that you left your first love .
as do mark , aristarchus , demas , and luke , my fellow workers .
around the throne were twenty - four thrones . on the thrones were twenty - four elders sitting , dressed in white garments , with crowns of gold on their heads .
by wisdom yahweh founded the earth . by understanding , he established the heavens .
so they came and called to the porter of the city ; and they told them , saying , we came to the camp of the syrians , and , behold , there was no man there , neither voice of man , but the horses tied , and the donkeys tied , and the tents as they were .
for the kingdom of heaven is like a man who was the master of a household , who went out early in the morning to hire laborers for his vineyard .
they prayed , and said , you , lord , who know the hearts of all men , show which one of these two you have chosen
they shall know that i am yahweh , when i shall disperse them among the nations , and scatter them through the countries .
and whatever you do , work heartily , as for the lord , and not for men ,
remember the former things of old : for i am god , and there is none else ; i am god , and there is none like me ;
they roasted the passover with fire according to the ordinance : and the holy offerings boiled they in pots , and in caldrons , and in pans , and carried them quickly to all the children of the people .
when asa heard these words , and the prophecy of oded the prophet , he took courage , and put away the abominations out of all the land of judah and benjamin , and out of the cities which he had taken from the hill country of ephraim ; and he renewed the altar of yahweh , that was before the porch of yahweh .
then stood up jeshua the son of jozadak , and his brothers the priests , and zerubbabel the son of shealtiel , and his brothers , and built the altar of the god of israel , to offer burnt offerings thereon , as it is written in the law of moses the man of god .
how then was it counted ? when he was in circumcision , or in uncircumcision ? not in circumcision , but in uncircumcision .
the people grieved for benjamin , because that yahweh had made a breach in the tribes of israel .
now the feast of unleavened bread , which is called the passover , drew near .
remember , yahweh , against the children of edom , the day of jerusalem ; who said , raze it ! raze it even to its foundation !
yet he has no root in himself , but endures for a while . when oppression or persecution arises because of the word , immediately he stumbles .
god said , let the waters under the sky be gathered together to one place , and let the dry land appear , and it was so .
you shall be blessed above all peoples : there shall not be male or female barren among you , or among your livestock .
when david came to ziklag , he sent of the spoil to the elders of judah , even to his friends , saying , behold , a present for you of the spoil of the enemies of yahweh :
the philistines gathered themselves together , and came and encamped in shunem : and saul gathered all israel together , and they encamped in gilboa .
every base had four brazen wheels , and axles of brass ; and the four feet of it had supports : beneath the basin were the supports molten , with wreaths at the side of each .
after you shall arise another kingdom inferior to you ; and another third kingdom of brass , which shall bear rule over all the earth .
these twenty years i have been with you . your ewes and your female goats have not cast their young , and i have n't eaten the rams of your flocks .
he killed it ; and moses took the blood , and put it on the horns of the altar round about with his finger , and purified the altar , and poured out the blood at the base of the altar , and sanctified it , to make atonement for it .
hannah prayed , and said : my heart exults in yahweh ; my horn is exalted in yahweh ; my mouth is enlarged over my enemies ; because i rejoice in your salvation .
( that also is accounted a land of rephaim : rephaim lived therein before ; but the ammonites call them zamzummim ,
be careful therefore how you hear . for whoever has , to him will be given ; and whoever does n't have , from him will be taken away even that which he thinks he has .
moreover he who goes into the house while it is shut up shall be unclean until the evening .
the word of yahweh came expressly to ezekiel the priest , the son of buzi , in the land of the chaldeans by the river chebar ; and the hand of yahweh was there on him .
when evening came , they brought to him many possessed with demons . he cast out the spirits with a word , and healed all who were sick ;
they said , the lord needs it .
but he was angry , and would not go in . therefore his father came out , and begged him .
you shall set up the court around it , and hang up the screen of the gate of the court .
he said , thus says yahweh , make this valley full of trenches .
he went his way , and began to proclaim in decapolis how jesus had done great things for him , and everyone marveled .
it happened at that time , when jeroboam went out of jerusalem , that the prophet ahijah the shilonite found him in the way ; now ahijah had clad himself with a new garment ; and they two were alone in the field .
thus says the lord yahweh : because moab and seir say , behold , the house of judah is like all the nations ;
nadab and abihu died before yahweh , when they offered strange fire before yahweh , in the wilderness of sinai , and they had no children . eleazar and ithamar ministered in the priest 's office in the presence of aaron their father .
blessed is the man who makes yahweh his trust , and does n't respect the proud , nor such as turn aside to lies .
in these days , peter stood up in the midst of the disciples ( and the number of names was about one hundred twenty ) , and said ,
he went out from there . he came into his own country , and his disciples followed him .
i know what i will do , so that when i am removed from management , they may receive me into their houses . '
what is it then ? i will pray with the spirit , and i will pray with the understanding also . i will sing with the spirit , and i will sing with the understanding also .
then after a period of fourteen years i went up again to jerusalem with barnabas , taking titus also with me .
you shall write them on the door posts of your house , and on your gates .
the archers have sorely grieved him , shot at him , and persecute him :
so i stood beside him , and killed him , because i was sure that he could not live after that he was fallen : and i took the crown that was on his head , and the bracelet that was on his arm , and have brought them here to my lord .
remember that you magnify his work , whereof men have sung .
immediately in the synagogues he proclaimed the christ , that he is the son of god .
for as the rain comes down and the snow from the sky , and does n't return there , but waters the earth , and makes it bring forth and bud , and gives seed to the sower and bread to the eater ;
i tell you that even so there will be more joy in heaven over one sinner who repents , than over ninety - nine righteous people who need no repentance .
this , your stature , is like a palm tree , your breasts like its fruit .
see how good and how pleasant it is for brothers to live together in unity !
the grace of the lord jesus christ be with you .
you have clothed me with skin and flesh , and knit me together with bones and sinews .
nor to build houses for us to dwell in ; neither have we vineyard , nor field , nor seed :
i am the god of bethel , where you anointed a pillar , where you vowed a vow to me . now arise , get out from this land , and return to the land of your birth .
the king of israel said to jehoshaphat , did n't i tell you that he would not prophesy good concerning me , but evil ?
only to the land of the children of ammon you did n't come near ; all the side of the river jabbok , and the cities of the hill country , and wherever yahweh our god forbade us .
are you the first man who was born ? or were you brought forth before the hills ?
prepare you war against her ; arise , and let us go up at noon . woe to us ! for the day declines , for the shadows of the evening are stretched out .
paul stayed two whole years in his own rented house , and received all who were coming to him ,
yet you shall be brought down to sheol , to the depths of the pit .
saying , to you i will give the land of canaan , the lot of your inheritance ;
but i will leave in the midst of you an afflicted and poor people , and they will take refuge in the name of yahweh .
he found in the temple those who sold oxen , sheep , and doves , and the changers of money sitting .
they came again to jerusalem , and as he was walking in the temple , the chief priests , and the scribes , and the elders came to him ,
it happened , as soon as he had made an end of offering the burnt offering , that jehu said to the guard and to the captains , go in , and kill them ; let none come forth . they struck them with the edge of the sword ; and the guard and the captains cast them out , and went to the city of the house of baal .
they shall know that i am yahweh their god , who brought them forth out of the land of egypt , that i might dwell among them : i am yahweh their god .
those who were numbered of the families of the sons of merari , by their families , by their fathers ' houses ,
if fire breaks out , and catches in thorns so that the shocks of grain , or the standing grain , or the field are consumed ; he who kindled the fire shall surely make restitution .
the consecrated things were six hundred oxen and three thousand sheep .
( he had not consented to their counsel and deed ) , from arimathaea , a city of the jews , who was also waiting for the kingdom of god :
the child grew , and was weaned . abraham made a great feast on the day that isaac was weaned .
when aaron and his sons have finished covering the sanctuary , and all the furniture of the sanctuary , as the camp moves forward ; after that , the sons of kohath shall come to carry it : but they shall not touch the sanctuary , lest they die . these things are the burden of the sons of kohath in the tent of meeting .
elijah answered to the captain of fifty , if i be a man of god , let fire come down from the sky , and consume you and your fifty . fire came down from the sky , and consumed him and his fifty .
all the days of his vow of separation there shall no razor come on his head , until the days are fulfilled , in which he separates himself to yahweh . he shall be holy . he shall let the locks of the hair of his head grow long .
it stood still , but i could n't discern the appearance of it ; a form was before my eyes . silence , then i heard a voice , saying ,
the children of dan went their way : and when micah saw that they were too strong for him , he turned and went back to his house .
our elders and all the inhabitants of our country spoke to us , saying , take provision in your hand for the journey , and go to meet them , and tell them , we are your servants : and now make you a covenant with us .
being assembled together with them , he charged them , do n't depart from jerusalem , but wait for the promise of the father , which you heard from me .
they will see his face , and his name will be on their foreheads .
salt is good , but if the salt becomes flat and tasteless , with what do you season it ?
moses spoke so to the children of israel , but they did n't listen to moses for anguish of spirit , and for cruel bondage .
then she came and told the man of god . he said , go , sell the oil , and pay your debt , and live you and your sons of the rest .
we toil , working with our own hands . when people curse us , we bless . being persecuted , we endure .
i saw something like a sea of glass mixed with fire , and those who overcame the beast , his image , and the number of his name , standing on the sea of glass , having harps of god .
indignation has taken hold on me , because of the wicked who forsake your law .
jehoiada made a covenant between himself , and all the people , and the king , that they should be yahweh 's people .
so that we ourselves boast about you in the assemblies of god for your patience and faith in all your persecutions and in the afflictions which you endure .
you seed of abraham , his servant , you children of jacob , his chosen ones .
they took all the spoil , and all the prey , both of man and of animal .
moreover i said to the king , if it please the king , let letters be given me to the governors beyond the river , that they may let me pass through until i come to judah ;
but the king spared mephibosheth , the son of jonathan the son of saul , because of yahweh 's oath that was between them , between david and jonathan the son of saul .
then he sent out a second on horseback , who came to them , and said , thus says the king , is it peace ? jehu answered , what have you to do with peace ? turn you behind me .
the people got them by stealth that day into the city , as people who are ashamed steal away when they flee in battle .
his going forth is from the end of the heavens , his circuit to its ends ; there is nothing hidden from its heat .
they think it is strange that you do n't run with them into the same excess of riot , blaspheming :
then peter , turning around , saw a disciple following . this was the disciple whom jesus sincerely loved , the one who had also leaned on jesus ' breast at the supper and asked , lord , who is going to betray you ?
it happened when jesus had finished these words , he departed from galilee , and came into the borders of judea beyond the jordan .
the breadth of the entrance was ten cubits ; and the sides of the entrance were five cubits on the one side , and five cubits on the other side : and he measured the length of it , forty cubits , and the breadth , twenty cubits .
to the jews i became as a jew , that i might gain jews ; to those who are under the law , as under the law , that i might gain those who are under the law ;
then jesus said , i will be with you a little while longer , then i go to him who sent me .
that i may take the house of israel in their own heart , because they are all estranged from me through their idols .
i will walk before yahweh in the land of the living .
this shall be the priests ' due from the people , from those who offer a sacrifice , whether it be ox or sheep , that they shall give to the priest the shoulder , and the two cheeks , and the maw .
and i , and all the people who are with me , will approach to the city . it shall happen , when they come out against us , as at the first , that we will flee before them ;
they swore to yahweh with a loud voice , and with shouting , and with trumpets , and with cornets .
you shall not take vengeance , nor bear any grudge against the children of your people ; but you shall love your neighbor as yourself . i am yahweh .
let us therefore draw near with boldness to the throne of grace , that we may receive mercy , and may find grace for help in time of need .
they cried out , away with him ! away with him ! crucify him ! pilate said to them , shall i crucify your king ? the chief priests answered , we have no king but caesar !
can the papyrus grow up without mire ? can the rushes grow without water ?
yahweh your god has multiplied you , and behold , you are this day as the stars of the sky for multitude .
when a great argument arose , the commanding officer , fearing that paul would be torn in pieces by them , commanded the soldiers to go down and take him by force from among them , and bring him into the barracks .
six days you shall gather it , but on the seventh day is the sabbath . in it there shall be none .
but that the world may know that i love the father , and as the father commanded me , even so i do . arise , let us go from here .
he took and put the testimony into the ark , and set the poles on the ark , and put the mercy seat above on the ark .
but if you will not listen to us , to be circumcised , then we will take our sister , and we will be gone .
i will incline my ear to a proverb . i will open my riddle on the harp .
babylon has been a golden cup in yahweh 's hand , who made all the earth drunken : the nations have drunk of her wine ; therefore the nations are mad .
for her sins have reached to the sky , and god has remembered her iniquities .
righteousness will be the belt of his waist , and faithfulness the belt of his waist .
your two breasts are like two fawns that are twins of a roe , which feed among the lilies .
yahweh said to me , take a large tablet , and write on it with a man 's pen , for maher shalal hash baz ; '
joseph commanded his servants , the physicians , to embalm his father ; and the physicians embalmed israel .
yahweh said to moses , stretch out your hand over the land of egypt for the locusts , that they may come up on the land of egypt , and eat every herb of the land , even all that the hail has left .
i will utter my judgments against them touching all their wickedness , in that they have forsaken me , and have burned incense to other gods , and worshiped the works of their own hands .
yes , when i cry , and call for help , he shuts out my prayer .
and they found him , and told him , everyone is looking for you .
for i most assuredly , as being absent in body but present in spirit , have already , as though i were present , judged him who has done this thing .
saying to aaron , make us gods that will go before us , for as for this moses , who led us out of the land of egypt , we do n't know what has become of him . '
your way , god , is in the sanctuary . what god is great like god ?
god said to noah , this is the token of the covenant which i have established between me and all flesh that is on the earth .
do n't let kindness and truth forsake you . bind them around your neck . write them on the tablet of your heart .
and i will bring back all the people to you : the man whom you seek is as if all returned : so all the people shall be in peace .
and had taken captive the women and all who were therein , both small and great : they did n't kill any , but carried them off , and went their way .
give no occasions for stumbling , either to jews , or to greeks , or to the assembly of god ;
listen you to the petitions of your servant , and of your people israel , when they shall pray toward this place : yes , hear from your dwelling place , even from heaven ; and when you hear , forgive .
nor did i go up to jerusalem to those who were apostles before me , but i went away into arabia . then i returned to damascus .
then said jonathan to david , whatever your soul desires , i will even do it for you .
god has shown himself in her citadels as a refuge .
so he made two doors of olive wood ; and he carved on them carvings of cherubim and palm trees and open flowers , and overlaid them with gold ; and he spread the gold on the cherubim , and on the palm trees .
he will judge among the nations . he will heap up dead bodies . he will crush the ruler of the whole earth .
take aaron and his sons with him , and the garments , and the anointing oil , and the bull of the sin offering , and the two rams , and the basket of unleavened bread ;
but every woman praying or prophesying with her head unveiled dishonors her head . for it is one and the same thing as if she were shaved .
but we will bless yah , from this time forth and forevermore . praise yah !
besides the continual burnt offering , and the meal offering of it , you shall offer them ( they shall be to you without blemish ) , and their drink offerings .
he sings before men , and says , i have sinned , and perverted that which was right , and it did n't profit me .
now consider this , you who forget god , lest i tear you into pieces , and there be none to deliver .
if a man have committed a sin worthy of death , and he be put to death , and you hang him on a tree ;
thus he said , the fourth animal shall be a fourth kingdom on earth , which shall be diverse from all the kingdoms , and shall devour the whole earth , and shall tread it down , and break it in pieces .
if your father miss me at all , then say , david earnestly asked leave of me that he might run to bethlehem his city ; for it is the yearly sacrifice there for all the family .
lord , how long will you look on ? rescue my soul from their destruction , my precious life from the lions .
again , i write a new commandment to you , which is true in him and in you ; because the darkness is passing away , and the true light already shines .
the men of nineveh will stand up in the judgment with this generation , and will condemn it , for they repented at the preaching of jonah ; and behold , someone greater than jonah is here .
they rose up in the morning early , and worshiped before yahweh , and returned , and came to their house to ramah : and elkanah knew hannah his wife ; and yahweh remembered her .
sing , heavens ; and be joyful , earth ; and break forth into singing , mountains : for yahweh has comforted his people , and will have compassion on his afflicted .
yahweh said to him , go down and you shall bring aaron up with you , but do n't let the priests and the people break through to come up to yahweh , lest he break forth on them .
then there were two robbers crucified with him , one on his right hand and one on the left .
after the two days he went out from there and went into galilee .
why was n't this ointment sold for three hundred denarii , and given to the poor ?
as you still exalt yourself against my people , that you wo n't let them go .
then i came to them of the captivity at tel aviv , that lived by the river chebar , and to where they lived ; and i sat there overwhelmed among them seven days .
for he knew him who would betray him , therefore he said , you are not all clean .
it happened , when moses came down from mount sinai with the two tablets of the testimony in moses ' hand , when he came down from the mountain , that moses did n't know that the skin of his face shone by reason of his speaking with him .
but he does n't know that the dead are there , that her guests are in the depths of sheol .
not only is there danger that this our trade come into disrepute , but also that the temple of the great goddess artemis will be counted as nothing , and her majesty destroyed , whom all asia and the world worships .
therefore when the lord knew that the pharisees had heard that jesus was making and baptizing more disciples than john
surely the lord yahweh will do nothing , unless he reveals his secret to his servants the prophets .
many times he delivered them , but they were rebellious in their counsel , and were brought low in their iniquity .
phinehas the son of eleazar was ruler over them in time past , and yahweh was with him .
the work of the bases was on this manner : they had panels ; and there were panels between the ledges ;
only you shall not eat its blood ; you shall pour it out on the ground as water .
saul said , blessed be you of yahweh ; for you have had compassion on me .
but the wise answered , saying , what if there is n't enough for us and you ? you go rather to those who sell , and buy for yourselves . '
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
they open their mouths wide against me , lions tearing prey and roaring .
he did n't lay his hand on the nobles of the children of israel . they saw god , and ate and drank .
those who are perverse in heart are an abomination to yahweh , but those whose ways are blameless are his delight .
yahweh spoke to gad , david 's seer , saying ,
let them praise yahweh for his loving kindness , for his wonderful works for the children of men !
the third lot came up for the children of zebulun according to their families ; and the border of their inheritance was to sarid ;
it happened , when he had come , that he blew a trumpet in the hill country of ephraim ; and the children of israel went down with him from the hill country , and he before them .
i have called to you . save me ! i will obey your statutes .
this is how you shall make it . the length of the ark will be three hundred cubits , the breadth of it fifty cubits , and the height of it thirty cubits .
whether it has gored a son or has gored a daughter , according to this judgment it shall be done to him .
yahweh heard the voice of your words , when you spoke to me ; and yahweh said to me , i have heard the voice of the words of this people , which they have spoken to you : they have well said all that they have spoken .
if he be able to fight with me , and kill me , then will we be your servants ; but if i prevail against him , and kill him , then shall you be our servants , and serve us .
and hope does n't disappoint us , because god 's love has been poured out into our hearts through the holy spirit who was given to us .
but to you , yahweh , i have cried . in the morning , my prayer comes before you .
but you , son of man , hear what i tell you ; do n't be you rebellious like that rebellious house : open your mouth , and eat that which i give you .
while the children of israel were in the wilderness , they found a man gathering sticks on the sabbath day .
but of which of the angels has he said at any time , sit at my right hand , until i make your enemies the footstool of your feet ?
all of them come for violence . their hordes face the desert . he gathers prisoners like sand .
he was returning and sitting in his chariot , and was reading the prophet isaiah .
as for those of you who are left , i will send a faintness into their hearts in the lands of their enemies : and the sound of a driven leaf will put them to flight ; and they shall flee , as one flees from the sword ; and they will fall when no one pursues .
he did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh : he did n't depart all his days from the sins of jeroboam the son of nebat , with which he made israel to sin .
but put forth your hand now , and touch all that he has , and he will renounce you to your face .
and tore the kingdom away from the house of david , and gave it you ; and yet you have not been as my servant david , who kept my commandments , and who followed me with all his heart , to do that only which was right in my eyes ,
you shall see the affliction of my habitation , in all the wealth which god shall give israel ; and there shall not be an old man in your house forever .
samaria and her king float away , like a twig on the water .
the leach has two daughters : give , give . ' there are three things that are never satisfied ; four that do n't say , enough : '
so he arose and went to zarephath ; and when he came to the gate of the city , behold , a widow was there gathering sticks : and he called to her , and said , please get me a little water in a vessel , that i may drink .
they shall keep all the furnishings of the tent of meeting , and the obligations of the children of israel , to do the service of the tabernacle .
now it happened , after that amaziah was come from the slaughter of the edomites , that he brought the gods of the children of seir , and set them up to be his gods , and bowed down himself before them , and burned incense to them .
i applied my heart to know wisdom , and to know madness and folly . i perceived that this also was a chasing after wind .
have n't you , god , rejected us ? you do n't go out with our armies , god .
micah said to him , whence come you ? he said to him , i am a levite of bethlehem judah , and i go to sojourn where i may find a place .
then stood up on the stairs of the levites , jeshua , and bani , kadmiel , shebaniah , bunni , sherebiah , bani , and chenani , and cried with a loud voice to yahweh their god .
these are the words of the covenant which yahweh commanded moses to make with the children of israel in the land of moab , besides the covenant which he made with them in horeb .
the winepress was trodden outside of the city , and blood came out from the winepress , even to the bridles of the horses , as far as one thousand six hundred stadia .
yahweh spoke to joshua , saying ,
they came to a place which was named gethsemane . he said to his disciples , sit here , while i pray .
the king made of the algum trees terraces for the house of yahweh , and for the king 's house , and harps and psalteries for the singers : and there were none such seen before in the land of judah .
then said zedekiah to jeremiah , let no man know of these words , and you shall not die .
oh , send out your light and your truth . let them lead me . let them bring me to your holy hill , to your tents .
he has shown his people the power of his works , in giving them the heritage of the nations .
in the third year of cyrus king of persia a thing was revealed to daniel , whose name was called belteshazzar ; and the thing was true , even a great warfare : and he understood the thing , and had understanding of the vision .
god will likewise destroy you forever . he will take you up , and pluck you out of your tent , and root you out of the land of the living . selah .
we made a raid on the south of the cherethites , and on that which belongs to judah , and on the south of caleb ; and we burned ziklag with fire .
do n't say , a conspiracy ! ' concerning all about which this people say , a conspiracy ! ' neither fear their threats , nor be terrorized .
who alone has immortality , dwelling in unapproachable light ; whom no man has seen , nor can see : to whom be honor and eternal power . amen .
for i will send pestilence into her , and blood into her streets ; and the wounded shall fall in the midst of her , with the sword on her on every side ; and they shall know that i am yahweh .
the haters of yahweh would cringe before him , and their punishment would last forever .
hear my voice , god , in my complaint . preserve my life from fear of the enemy .
when the voice came , jesus was found alone . they were silent , and told no one in those days any of the things which they had seen .
gave his offering : one silver platter , the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels , one silver bowl of seventy shekels , after the shekel of the sanctuary ; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering ;
who serve a copy and shadow of the heavenly things , even as moses was warned by god when he was about to make the tabernacle , for he said , see , you shall make everything according to the pattern that was shown to you on the mountain .
it will be , that every soul that will not listen to that prophet will be utterly destroyed from among the people . '
yahweh said to moses , i will do this thing also that you have spoken ; for you have found favor in my sight , and i know you by name .
he did n't allow him , but said to him , go to your house , to your friends , and tell them what great things the lord has done for you , and how he had mercy on you .
set up road signs , make guideposts ; set your heart toward the highway , even the way by which you went : turn again , virgin of israel , turn again to these your cities .
the merciful man does good to his own soul , but he who is cruel troubles his own flesh .
the men of his city , even the elders and the nobles who lived in his city , did as jezebel had sent to them , according as it was written in the letters which she had sent to them .
but if you had known what this means , i desire mercy , and not sacrifice , ' you would not have condemned the guiltless .
who has declared it from the beginning , that we may know ? and before , that we may say , he is right ? ' surely , there is no one who declares . surely , there is no one who shows . surely , there is no one who hears your words .
now when jesus was in bethany , in the house of simon the leper ,
while they still did n't believe for joy , and wondered , he said to them , do you have anything here to eat ?
ascribe to yahweh , you relatives of the peoples , ascribe to yahweh glory and strength ;
she said to them , thus says yahweh , the god of israel : tell you the man who sent you to me ,
he saw a certain poor widow casting in two small brass coins .
yahweh said to me , take for yourself yet again the equipment of a foolish shepherd .
he raises his hands against his friends . he has violated his covenant .
joshua sent men from jericho to ai , which is beside beth aven , on the east side of bethel , and spoke to them , saying , go up and spy out the land . the men went up and spied out ai .
when i tried to understand this , it was too painful for me ;
he said to them , this kind can come out by nothing , except by prayer and fasting .
against him came up nebuchadnezzar king of babylon , and bound him in fetters , to carry him to babylon .
in that day , says yahweh , i will assemble that which is lame , and i will gather that which is driven away , and that which i have afflicted ;
i know how to be humbled , and i know also how to abound . in everything and in all things i have learned the secret both to be filled and to be hungry , both to abound and to be in need .
i heard , and my body trembled . my lips quivered at the voice . rottenness enters into my bones , and i tremble in my place , because i must wait quietly for the day of trouble , for the coming up of the people who invade us .
it happened in those days , that jesus came from nazareth of galilee , and was baptized by john in the jordan .
the jailer , being roused out of sleep and seeing the prison doors open , drew his sword and was about to kill himself , supposing that the prisoners had escaped .
it happened in the eleventh year , in the first day of the month , that the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
behold , then i would wander far off . i would lodge in the wilderness . selah .
salvation from our enemies , and from the hand of all who hate us ;
so samuel brought all the tribes of israel near , and the tribe of benjamin was taken .
the enemy is overtaken by endless ruin . the very memory of the cities which you have overthrown has perished .
see you how ahab humbles himself before me ? because he humbles himself before me , i will not bring the evil in his days ; but in his son 's days will i bring the evil on his house .
how is sheshach taken ! and the praise of the whole earth seized ! how is babylon become a desolation among the nations !
in his right hand was the divination for jerusalem , to set battering rams , to open the mouth in the slaughter , to lift up the voice with shouting , to set battering rams against the gates , to cast up mounds , to build forts .
therefore martha said to jesus , lord , if you would have been here , my brother would n't have died .
the seventh angel sounded , and great voices in heaven followed , saying , the kingdom of the world has become the kingdom of our lord , and of his christ . he will reign forever and ever !
of the children of dan , their generations , by their families , by their fathers ' houses , according to the number of the names , from twenty years old and upward , all who were able to go forth to war ;
because of the ground which is cracked , because no rain has been in the land , the plowmen are disappointed , they cover their heads .
then you shall sound the loud trumpet on the tenth day of the seventh month . on the day of atonement you shall sound the trumpet throughout all your land .
it happened after a while , that the brook dried up , because there was no rain in the land .
yes , if you call out for discernment , and lift up your voice for understanding ;
they chose new gods ; then was war in the gates : was there a shield or spear seen among forty thousand in israel ?
yahweh said to gideon , by the three hundred men who lapped will i save you , and deliver the midianites into your hand ; and let all the people go every man to his place .
this continued for two years , so that all those who lived in asia heard the word of the lord jesus , both jews and greeks .
then eli answered , go in peace ; and the god of israel grant your petition that you have asked of him .
he looked this way and that way , and when he saw that there was no one , he killed the egyptian , and hid him in the sand .
for this cause , brothers , we were comforted over you in all our distress and affliction through your faith .
behold , a man from the crowd called out , saying , teacher , i beg you to look at my son , for he is my only child .
that the name of our lord jesus may be glorified in you , and you in him , according to the grace of our god and the lord jesus christ .
for in this mountain the hand of yahweh will rest . moab will be trodden down in his place , even like straw is trodden down in the water of the dunghill .
have n't i commanded you ? be strong and of good courage ; do n't be afraid , neither be dismayed : for yahweh your god is with you wherever you go .
then sang deborah and barak the son of abinoam on that day , saying ,
whoever touches anything that was under him shall be unclean until the evening . he who carries those things shall wash his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and be unclean until the evening .
whom not having known you love ; in whom , though now you do n't see him , yet believing , you rejoice greatly with joy unspeakable and full of glory
i will shoot three arrows on the side of it , as though i shot at a mark .
then the five men who went to spy out the country of laish answered , and said to their brothers , do you know that there is in these houses an ephod , and teraphim , and an engraved image , and a molten image ? now therefore consider what you have to do .
there is a grievous evil which i have seen under the sun : wealth kept by its owner to his harm .
out of his mouth go burning torches , sparks of fire leap forth .
he sent a man before them . joseph was sold for a slave .
do n't desire the night , when people are cut off in their place .
and say , thus says the lord yahweh : a great eagle with great wings and long feathers , full of feathers , which had various colors , came to lebanon , and took the top of the cedar :
adam was n't deceived , but the woman , being deceived , has fallen into disobedience ;
he said to them , is it well with him ? they said , it is well . see , rachel , his daughter , is coming with the sheep .
that day is a day of wrath , a day of distress and anguish , a day of trouble and ruin , a day of darkness and gloom , a day of clouds and blackness ,
go up into gilead , and take balm , virgin daughter of egypt : in vain do you use many medicines ; there is no healing for you .
the destroyer shall come on every city , and no city shall escape ; the valley also shall perish , and the plain shall be destroyed ; as yahweh has spoken .
it happened at the end of three years , that two of the servants of shimei ran away to achish , son of maacah , king of gath . they told shimei , saying , behold , your servants are in gath .
for neither from the east , nor from the west , nor yet from the south , comes exaltation .
david longed , and said , oh that one would give me water to drink of the well of bethlehem , which is by the gate !
when forty years were fulfilled , an angel of the lord appeared to him in the wilderness of mount sinai , in a flame of fire in a bush .
sixteen years old was he when he began to reign ; and he reigned fifty - two years in jerusalem : and his mother 's name was jecoliah of jerusalem .
but you shall offer an offering made by fire , a burnt offering to yahweh : two young bulls , and one ram , and seven male lambs a year old ; they shall be to you without blemish ;
do n't you know that your bodies are members of christ ? shall i then take the members of christ , and make them members of a prostitute ? may it never be !
then menahem struck tiphsah , and all who were therein , and the borders of it , from tirzah : because they did n't open to him , therefore he struck it ; and all the women therein who were with child he ripped up .
for where two or three are gathered together in my name , there i am in the midst of them .
therefore they called these days purim , after the name of pur . therefore because of all the words of this letter , and of that which they had seen concerning this matter , and that which had come to them ,
now in the fifth month , on the seventh day of the month , which was the nineteenth year of king nebuchadnezzar , king of babylon , came nebuzaradan the captain of the guard , a servant of the king of babylon , to jerusalem .
he took the twelve aside , and said to them , behold , we are going up to jerusalem , and all the things that are written through the prophets concerning the son of man will be completed .
david was afraid of yahweh that day ; and he said , how shall the ark of yahweh come to me ?
his bones are like tubes of brass . his limbs are like bars of iron .
it was so , when elisha the man of god heard that the king of israel had torn his clothes , that he sent to the king , saying , why have you torn your clothes ? let him come now to me , and he shall know that there is a prophet in israel .
he broke in pieces the pillars , and cut down the asherim , and filled their places with the bones of men .
the birds of the sky , the fish of the sea , and whatever passes through the paths of the seas .
from the days of john the baptizer until now , the kingdom of heaven suffers violence , and the violent take it by force .
he went to his father 's house at ophrah , and killed his brothers the sons of jerubbaal , being seventy persons , on one stone : but jotham the youngest son of jerubbaal was left ; for he hid himself .
the heart of the rash will understand knowledge , and the tongue of the stammerers will be ready to speak plainly .
to them it was revealed , that not to themselves , but to you , did they minister these things , which now have been announced to you through those who preached the good news to you by the holy spirit sent out from heaven ; which things angels desire to look into .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
i coveted no one 's silver , or gold , or clothing .
the glory of yahweh went up from the midst of the city , and stood on the mountain which is on the east side of the city .
the lips of the righteous feed many , but the foolish die for lack of understanding .
the women said to naomi , blessed be yahweh , who has not left you this day without a near kinsman ; and let his name be famous in israel .
their heart is as callous as the fat , but i delight in your law .
god will not withdraw his anger ; the helpers of rahab stoop under him .
as valleys are they spread forth , as gardens by the riverside , as aloes which yahweh has planted , as cedar trees beside the waters .
again he returned , and found them sleeping , for their eyes were very heavy , and they did n't know what to answer him .
the light shines in the darkness , and the darkness has n't overcome it .
this i say therefore , and testify in the lord , that you no longer walk as the rest of the gentiles also walk , in the futility of their mind ,
out of the tribe of dan , elteke with its suburbs , gibbethon with its suburbs ,
standing still , jesus commanded him to be brought to him . when he had come near , he asked him ,
for you say , where is the house of the prince ? where is the tent in which the wicked lived ? '
for as the churning of milk brings forth butter , and the wringing of the nose brings forth blood ; so the forcing of wrath brings forth strife .
one law shall be to him who is born at home , and to the stranger who lives as a foreigner among you .
moses said to yahweh , then the egyptians will hear it ; for you brought up this people in your might from among them ;
ishmael , his son , was thirteen years old when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin .
when they heard that he was alive , and had been seen by her , they disbelieved .
declare his glory among the nations , his marvelous works among all the peoples .
then uzziah was angry ; and he had a censer in his hand to burn incense ; and while he was angry with the priests , the leprosy broke forth in his forehead before the priests in the house of yahweh , beside the altar of incense .
tamar put ashes on her head , and tore her garment of various colors that was on her ; and she laid her hand on her head , and went her way , crying aloud as she went .
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
no hand shall touch him , but he shall surely be stoned or shot through ; whether it is animal or man , he shall not live . ' when the trumpet sounds long , they shall come up to the mountain .
in the twentieth year of jeroboam king of israel began asa to reign over judah .
he made him ride on the high places of the earth , he ate the increase of the field ; he made him to suck honey out of the rock , oil out of the flinty rock ;
the lord said to the servant , go out into the highways and hedges , and compel them to come in , that my house may be filled .
blessed are those who mourn , for they shall be comforted .
for the sake of the house of yahweh our god , i will seek your good .
for those who have served well as deacons gain to themselves a good standing , and great boldness in the faith which is in christ jesus .
they have ears , but they do n't hear ; they have noses , but they do n't smell ;
it happened , when they were come into samaria , that elisha said , yahweh , open the eyes of these men , that they may see . yahweh opened their eyes , and they saw ; and behold , they were in the midst of samaria .
but absalom fled . the young man who kept the watch lifted up his eyes , and looked , and behold , many people were coming by way of the hillside behind him .
behold , i have made you into a new sharp threshing instrument with teeth . you will thresh the mountains , and beat them small , and will make the hills like chaff .
there were four tables for the burnt offering , of hewn stone , a cubit and a half long , and a cubit and a half broad , and one cubit high ; whereupon they laid the instruments with which they killed the burnt offering and the sacrifice .
now if there was perfection through the levitical priesthood ( for under it the people have received the law ) , what further need was there for another priest to arise after the order of melchizedek , and not be called after the order of aaron ?
jesus sat down opposite the treasury , and saw how the multitude cast money into the treasury . many who were rich cast in much .
it will never be inhabited , neither will it be lived in from generation to generation . the arabian will not pitch a tent there , neither will shepherds make their flocks lie down there .
moreover you shall take no ransom for the life of a murderer who is guilty of death ; but he shall surely be put to death .
now i have prepared with all my might for the house of my god the gold for the things of gold , and the silver for the things of silver , and the brass for the things of brass , the iron for the things of iron , and wood for the things of wood ; onyx stones , and stones to be set , stones for inlaid work , and of various colors , and all manner of precious stones , and marble stones in abundance .
forty - two years old was ahaziah when he began to reign ; and he reigned one year in jerusalem : and his mother 's name was athaliah the daughter of omri .
to man he said , behold , the fear of the lord , that is wisdom . to depart from evil is understanding . '
he is conceited , knowing nothing , but obsessed with arguments , disputes , and word battles , from which come envy , strife , reviling , evil suspicions ,
he spoke of trees , from the cedar that is in lebanon even to the hyssop that springs out of the wall ; he spoke also of animals , and of birds , and of creeping things , and of fish .
the heart of one who has understanding seeks knowledge , but the mouths of fools feed on folly .
she gave the king one hundred twenty talents of gold , and of spices very great store , and precious stones : there came no more such abundance of spices as these which the queen of sheba gave to king solomon .
if your brother has grown poor among you , and sells himself to you ; you shall not make him to serve as a slave .
do n't take any gold , nor silver , nor brass in your money belts .
yahweh 's works are great , pondered by all those who delight in them .
as also you acknowledged us in part , that we are your boasting , even as you also are ours , in the day of our lord jesus .
now when joab saw that the battle was set against him before and behind , he chose of all the choice men of israel , and put them in array against the syrians .
all the people of the surrounding country of the gadarenes asked him to depart from them , for they were very much afraid . he entered into the boat , and returned .
also i spoke to the priests and to all this people , saying , thus says yahweh : do n't listen to the words of your prophets who prophesy to you , saying , behold , the vessels of yahweh 's house shall now shortly be brought again from babylon ; for they prophesy a lie to you .
i , yahweh , have called you in righteousness , and will hold your hand , and will keep you , and make you a covenant for the people , as a light for the nations ;
now i tell you , withdraw from these men , and leave them alone . for if this counsel or this work is of men , it will be overthrown .
take away the wicked from the king 's presence , and his throne will be established in righteousness .
you shall fear yahweh your god ; him shall you serve ; and to him shall you cleave , and by his name shall you swear .
because i feared the great multitude , and the contempt of families terrified me , so that i kept silence , and did n't go out of the door
and set forth customs which it is not lawful for us to accept or to observe , being romans .
it happened on the next day , when the philistines came to strip the slain , that they found saul and his three sons fallen on mount gilboa .
he is clothed in a garment sprinkled with blood . his name is called the word of god .
in the same hour came forth the fingers of a man 's hand , and wrote over against the lampstand on the plaster of the wall of the king 's palace : and the king saw the part of the hand that wrote .
you shall remember that you were a bondservant in the land of egypt : therefore i command you to do this thing .
and all these blessings shall come on you , and overtake you , if you shall listen to the voice of yahweh your god .
and to know christ 's love which surpasses knowledge , that you may be filled with all the fullness of god .
so that there was the face of a man toward the palm tree on the one side , and the face of a young lion toward the palm tree on the other side . thus was it made through all the house round about :
if your people go out to battle against their enemies , by whatever way you shall send them , and they pray to you toward this city which you have chosen , and the house which i have built for your name ;
the jews therefore sought him at the feast , and said , where is he ?
regard the patience of our lord as salvation ; even as our beloved brother paul also , according to the wisdom given to him , wrote to you ;
after this manner he made the ten bases : all of them had one casting , one measure , and one form .
yahweh will be king over all the earth . in that day yahweh will be one , and his name one .
now he is not the god of the dead , but of the living , for all are alive to him .
leah conceived , and bore a son , and she named him reuben . for she said , because yahweh has looked at my affliction . for now my husband will love me .
and that most of the brothers in the lord , being confident through my bonds , are more abundantly bold to speak the word of god without fear .
for they intended evil against you . they plotted evil against you which can not succeed .
a man 's gift makes room for him , and brings him before great men .
i will offer to you the sacrifice of thanksgiving , and will call on the name of yahweh .
withstand him steadfast in your faith , knowing that your brothers who are in the world are undergoing the same sufferings .
so all the elders of israel came to the king to hebron ; and david made a covenant with them in hebron before yahweh ; and they anointed david king over israel , according to the word of yahweh by samuel .
when you saw that nahash the king of the children of ammon came against you , you said to me , no , but a king shall reign over us ; when yahweh your god was your king .
but truly i tell you , there were many widows in israel in the days of elijah , when the sky was shut up three years and six months , when a great famine came over all the land .
joseph brought in jacob , his father , and set him before pharaoh , and jacob blessed pharaoh .
i will bless those who bless you , and i will curse him who curses you . in you will all of the families of the earth be blessed .
when you eat , and when you drink , do n't you eat for yourselves , and drink for yourselves ?
because your heart was tender , and you did humble yourself before god , when you heard his words against this place , and against the inhabitants of it , and have humbled yourself before me , and have torn your clothes , and wept before me ; i also have heard you , says yahweh .
therefore you testify to yourselves that you are children of those who killed the prophets .
you also put my feet in the stocks , and mark all my paths . you set a bound to the soles of my feet :
when they had come in , they went up into the upper room , where they were staying ; that is peter , john , james , andrew , philip , thomas , bartholomew , matthew , james the son of alphaeus , simon the zealot , and judas the son of james .
i will also praise you with the harp for your faithfulness , my god . i sing praises to you with the lyre , holy one of israel .
they insulted him and said , you are his disciple , but we are disciples of moses .
she said , give me a blessing ; for that you have set me in the land of the south , give me also springs of water . he gave her the upper springs and the lower springs .
then sarah denied , saying , i did n't laugh , for she was afraid . he said , no , but you did laugh .
benjamin returned at that time ; and they gave them the women whom they had saved alive of the women of jabesh gilead : and yet so they were n't enough for them .
i therefore , the prisoner in the lord , beg you to walk worthily of the calling with which you were called ,
jehoshaphat his son reigned in his place , and strengthened himself against israel .
and every spirit who does n't confess that jesus christ has come in the flesh is not of god , and this is the spirit of the antichrist , of whom you have heard that it comes . now it is in the world already .
he touched her hand , and the fever left her . she got up and served him .
one of his heads looked like it had been wounded fatally . his fatal wound was healed , and the whole earth marveled at the beast .
furthermore he made the court of the priests , and the great court , and doors for the court , and overlaid the doors of them with brass .
the flood was forty days on the earth . the waters increased , and lifted up the ark , and it was lifted up above the earth .
if you seek her as silver , and search for her as for hidden treasures :
then the elders of his city shall call him , and speak to him : and if he stand , and say , i do n't want to take her ;
now it happened , when all the people were baptized , jesus also had been baptized , and was praying . the sky was opened ,
and ain with its suburbs , and juttah with its suburbs , and beth shemesh with its suburbs ; nine cities out of those two tribes .
there were also others , two criminals , led with him to be put to death .
one who plots to do evil will be called a schemer .
then laban and bethuel answered , the thing proceeds from yahweh . we ca n't speak to you bad or good .
i have been crucified with christ , and it is no longer i that live , but christ living in me . that life which i now live in the flesh , i live by faith in the son of god , who loved me , and gave himself up for me .
( now the congregation 's half was three hundred thirty - seven thousand five hundred sheep ,
joash king of israel took amaziah king of judah , the son of joash the son of jehoahaz , at beth shemesh , and brought him to jerusalem , and broke down the wall of jerusalem from the gate of ephraim to the corner gate , four hundred cubits .
has n't the scripture said that the christ comes of the seed of david , and from bethlehem , the village where david was ?
as the nations that yahweh makes to perish before you , so shall you perish ; because you would n't listen to the voice of yahweh your god .
rejoice in the lord always ! again i will say , rejoice !
for there is hope for a tree , if it is cut down , that it will sprout again , that the tender branch of it will not cease .
he saved others , but he ca n't save himself . if he is the king of israel , let him come down from the cross now , and we will believe in him .
every bed whereon he who has the discharge lies shall be unclean ; and everything he sits on shall be unclean .
it happened , at the return of the year , at the time when kings go out to battle , that david sent joab , and his servants with him , and all israel ; and they destroyed the children of ammon , and besieged rabbah . but david stayed at jerusalem .
then hezekiah turned his face to the wall and prayed to yahweh ,
yes , i beg you that i may not , when present , show courage with the confidence with which i intend to be bold against some , who consider us to be walking according to the flesh .
we roar all like bears , and moan sore like doves : we look for justice , but there is none ; for salvation , but it is far off from us .
grace , mercy , and peace will be with us , from god the father , and from the lord jesus christ , the son of the father , in truth and love .
i adjure you , daughters of jerusalem , by the roes , or by the hinds of the field , that you not stir up , nor awaken love , until it so desires .
they have emptied out the money that was found in the house of yahweh , and have delivered it into the hand of the overseers , and into the hand of the workmen .
he went out about the third hour , and saw others standing idle in the marketplace .
for the king had ships that went to tarshish with the servants of huram ; once every three years came the ships of tarshish , bringing gold , and silver , ivory , and apes , and peacocks .
it happened after the death of joshua , the children of israel asked of yahweh , saying , who shall go up for us first against the canaanites , to fight against them ?
at lystra a certain man sat , impotent in his feet , a cripple from his mother 's womb , who never had walked .
he broke down the tower of penuel , and killed the men of the city .
i would declare to him the number of my steps . as a prince would i go near to him .
for they vex you with their wiles , with which they have deceived you in the matter of peor , and in the matter of cozbi , the daughter of the prince of midian , their sister , who was slain on the day of the plague in the matter of peor .
to these he also showed himself alive after he suffered , by many proofs , appearing to them over a period of forty days , and speaking about god 's kingdom .
if the ear would say , because i 'm not the eye , i 'm not part of the body , it 's not therefore not part of the body .
then jesus came and took the bread , gave it to them , and the fish likewise .
joram said , make ready . they made ready his chariot . joram king of israel and ahaziah king of judah went out , each in his chariot , and they went out to meet jehu , and found him in the portion of naboth the jezreelite .
they cast out many demons , and anointed many with oil who were sick , and healed them .
accounting the reproach of christ greater riches than the treasures of egypt ; for he looked to the reward .
for i determined not to know anything among you , except jesus christ , and him crucified .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
can your heart endure , or can your hands be strong , in the days that i shall deal with you ? i , yahweh , have spoken it , and will do it .
and he had two wives ; the name of the one was hannah , and the name of other peninnah : and peninnah had children , but hannah had no children .
they commanded the children of benjamin , saying , go and lie in wait in the vineyards ,
while he yet spoke , behold , jonathan the son of abiathar the priest came : and adonijah said , come in ; for you are a worthy man , and bring good news .
day by day , continuing steadfastly with one accord in the temple , and breaking bread at home , they took their food with gladness and singleness of heart ,
they answered him , our father is abraham . jesus said to them , if you were abraham 's children , you would do the works of abraham .
again i tell you , it is easier for a camel to go through a needle 's eye , than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of god .
when you offer an offering of a meal offering baked in the oven , it shall be unleavened cakes of fine flour mixed with oil , or unleavened wafers anointed with oil .
he sent young men of the children of israel , who offered burnt offerings and sacrificed peace offerings of oxen to yahweh .
the cows took the straight way by the way to beth shemesh ; they went along the highway , lowing as they went , and did n't turn aside to the right hand or to the left ; and the lords of the philistines went after them to the border of beth shemesh .
now it happened , when adoni - zedek king of jerusalem heard how joshua had taken ai , and had utterly destroyed it ; as he had done to jericho and her king , so he had done to ai and her king ; and how the inhabitants of gibeon had made peace with israel , and were among them ;
the land of egypt is before you . make your father and your brothers dwell in the best of the land . let them dwell in the land of goshen . if you know any able men among them , then put them in charge of my livestock .
remember them , my god , because they have defiled the priesthood , and the covenant of the priesthood , and of the levites .
you will be hated by all men for my name 's sake .
i will put a division between my people and your people : by tomorrow shall this sign be . '
keep your tongue from evil , and your lips from speaking lies .
they indeed of the sons of levi who receive the priest 's office have a commandment to take tithes of the people according to the law , that is , of their brothers , though these have come out of the body of abraham ,
judah became his sanctuary , israel his dominion .
he saw two boats standing by the lake , but the fishermen had gone out of them , and were washing their nets .
into whatever city or village you enter , find out who in it is worthy ; and stay there until you go on .
yet have respect for the prayer of your servant , and for his supplication , yahweh my god , to listen to the cry and to the prayer which your servant prays before you this day ;
ascribe to yahweh , you sons of the mighty , ascribe to yahweh glory and strength .
you have bought me no sweet cane with money , neither have you filled me with the fat of your sacrifices ; but you have burdened me with your sins , you have wearied me with your iniquities .
judas the son of james ; and judas iscariot , who also became a traitor .
from thirty years old and upward until fifty years old shall you number them ; all who enter in to wait on the service , to do the work in the tent of meeting .
but i will settle him in my house and in my kingdom forever ; and his throne shall be established forever .
and it happened , as he sowed , some seed fell by the road , and the birds came and devoured it .
yahweh said to joshua , do n't fear them : for i have delivered them into your hands ; there shall not a man of them stand before you .
all sheep and oxen , yes , and the animals of the field ,
therefore , son of man , prophesy , and tell gog , thus says the lord yahweh : in that day when my people israel dwells securely , shall you not know it ?
solomon ruled over all the kingdoms from the river to the land of the philistines , and to the border of egypt : they brought tribute , and served solomon all the days of his life .
faithful are the wounds of a friend ; although the kisses of an enemy are profuse .
the idols shall utterly pass away .
he asked the scribes , what are you asking them ?
do n't forsake me , yahweh . my god , do n't be far from me .
but jesus answered them , you are mistaken , not knowing the scriptures , nor the power of god .
thus says the lord yahweh : in the first month , in the first day of the month , you shall take a young bull without blemish ; and you shall cleanse the sanctuary .
then zedekiah the king commanded , and they committed jeremiah into the court of the guard ; and they gave him daily a loaf of bread out of the bakers ' street , until all the bread in the city was spent . thus jeremiah remained in the court of the guard .
he said to his people , behold , the people of the children of israel are more and mightier than we .
it happened as they emptied their sacks , that behold , every man 's bundle of money was in his sack . when they and their father saw their bundles of money , they were afraid .
for this service of giving that you perform not only makes up for lack among the saints , but abounds also through many givings of thanks to god ;
into whatever house you enter , stay there , and depart from there .
we are of god . he who knows god listens to us . he who is not of god does n't listen to us . by this we know the spirit of truth , and the spirit of error .
and might deliver all of them who through fear of death were all their lifetime subject to bondage .
he will judge the poor of the people . he will save the children of the needy , and will break the oppressor in pieces .
also pull out some for her from the bundles , and leave it , and let her glean , and do n't rebuke her .
for you , yahweh of armies , the god of israel , have revealed to your servant , saying , i will build you a house : therefore has your servant found in his heart to pray this prayer to you .
thus shall you say to them , the gods that have not made the heavens and the earth , these shall perish from the earth , and from under the heavens .
he himself was in the stern , asleep on the cushion , and they woke him up , and told him , teacher , do n't you care that we are dying ?
the children struggled together within her . she said , if it be so , why do i live ? she went to inquire of yahweh .
the elders of jabesh said to him , give us seven days ' respite , that we may send messengers to all the borders of israel ; and then , if there be none to save us , we will come out to you .
instructing us to the intent that , denying ungodliness and worldly lusts , we would live soberly , righteously , and godly in this present world ;
it is not the great who are wise , nor the aged who understand justice .
what agreement has a temple of god with idols ? for you are a temple of the living god . even as god said , i will dwell in them , and walk in them ; and i will be their god , and they will be my people .
they spend their days in prosperity . in an instant they go down to sheol .
not for these only do i pray , but for those also who believe in me through their word ,
do n't lie to one another , seeing that you have put off the old man with his doings ,
but jesus , knowing this , said to them , why do you trouble the woman ? because she has done a good work for me .
the wing of the other cherub was five cubits , reaching to the wall of the house ; and the other wing was five cubits also , joining to the wing of the other cherub .
and in nothing frightened by the adversaries , which is for them a proof of destruction , but to you of salvation , and that from god .
i said , my strength is perished , and my expectation from yahweh .
david said to him , to whom belong you ? and whence are you ? he said , i am a young man of egypt , servant to an amalekite ; and my master left me , because three days ago i fell sick .
the levites shall answer , and tell all the men of israel with a loud voice ,
rehoboam lived in jerusalem , and built cities for defense in judah .
reuben answered them , saying , did n't i tell you , saying , do n't sin against the child , ' and you would n't listen ? therefore also , behold , his blood is required .
when joseph 's brothers saw that their father was dead , they said , it may be that joseph will hate us , and will fully pay us back for all of the evil which we did to him .
neither shall men break bread for them in mourning , to comfort them for the dead ; neither shall men give them the cup of consolation to drink for their father or for their mother .
behold , a certain man who had dropsy was in front of him .
he stood and cried to the armies of israel , and said to them , why are you come out to set your battle in array ? am i not a philistine , and you servants to saul ? choose you a man for you , and let him come down to me .
yes , if a man lives many years , let him rejoice in them all ; but let him remember the days of darkness , for they shall be many . all that comes is vanity .
son of man , what is this proverb that you have in the land of israel , saying , the days are prolonged , and every vision fails ?
i will lay it a wasteland . it wo n't be pruned nor hoed , but it will grow briers and thorns . i will also command the clouds that they rain no rain on it .
which he made to abound toward us in all wisdom and prudence ,
aaron was one hundred twenty - three years old when he died in mount hor .
god said , let there be lights in the expanse of sky to divide the day from the night ; and let them be for signs , and for seasons , and for days and years ;
if a man have two wives , the one beloved , and the other hated , and they have borne him children , both the beloved and the hated ; and if the firstborn son be hers who was hated ;
the singers the sons of asaph were in their place , according to the commandment of david , and asaph , and heman , and jeduthun the king 's seer ; and the porters were at every gate : they did n't need to depart from their service ; for their brothers the levites prepared for them .
david said to his men , gird you on every man his sword . they girded on every man his sword ; and david also girded on his sword : and there went up after david about four hundred men ; and two hundred abode by the baggage .
when they go , i will spread my net on them . i will bring them down like the birds of the sky . i will chastise them , as their congregation has heard .
but zerubbabel , and jeshua , and the rest of the heads of fathers ' houses of israel , said to them , you have nothing to do with us in building a house to our god ; but we ourselves together will build to yahweh , the god of israel , as king cyrus the king of persia has commanded us .
moreover the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
you shall wash your clothes on the seventh day , and you shall be clean ; and afterward you shall come into the camp .
but jehoiada the priest took a chest , and bored a hole in the lid of it , and set it beside the altar , on the right side as one comes into the house of yahweh : and the priests who kept the threshold put therein all the money that was brought into the house of yahweh .
my face is red with weeping . deep darkness is on my eyelids .
the priest shall offer the sin offering , and make atonement for him who is to be cleansed because of his uncleanness : and afterward he shall kill the burnt offering ;
my father , who has given them to me , is greater than all . no one is able to snatch them out of my father 's hand .
so they set them up micah 's engraved image which he made , all the time that the house of god was in shiloh .
when the child was grown , it fell on a day , that he went out to his father to the reapers .
jerusalem , jerusalem , that kills the prophets , and stones those who are sent to her ! how often i wanted to gather your children together , like a hen gathers her own brood under her wings , and you refused !
there came to him sadducees , who say that there is no resurrection . they asked him , saying ,
yahweh said to moses , take all the chiefs of the people , and hang them up to yahweh before the sun , that the fierce anger of yahweh may turn away from israel .
but they mocked the messengers of god , and despised his words , and scoffed at his prophets , until the wrath of yahweh arose against his people , until there was no remedy .
even those who were numbered of them , by their families , by their fathers ' houses , were two thousand six hundred thirty .
he said to him , which ones ? jesus said , you shall not murder . ' you shall not commit adultery . ' you shall not steal . ' you shall not offer false testimony . '
jesus answered them , did n't i choose you , the twelve , and one of you is a devil ?
for one will hardly die for a righteous man . yet perhaps for a righteous person someone would even dare to die .
i will open my mouth in a parable . i will utter dark sayings of old ,
take your father and your households , and come to me , and i will give you the good of the land of egypt , and you will eat the fat of the land . '
they struck the men who were at the door of the house with blindness , both small and great , so that they wearied themselves to find the door .
jacob said to him , my lord knows that the children are tender , and that the flocks and herds with me have their young , and if they overdrive them one day , all the flocks will die .
and your strength will be spent in vain ; for your land wo n't yield its increase , neither will the trees of the land yield their fruit .
rejoice you with jerusalem , and be glad for her , all you who love her : rejoice for joy with her , all you who mourn over her ;
the elders of the congregation shall lay their hands on the head of the bull before yahweh ; and the bull shall be killed before yahweh .
all nations shall call you blessed , for you will be a delightful land , says yahweh of armies .
in his days nebuchadnezzar king of babylon came up , and jehoiakim became his servant three years : then he turned and rebelled against him .
moreover of the children of the strangers who sojourn among you , of them you may buy , and of their families who are with you , which they have conceived in your land ; and they will be your property .
he charged us to preach to the people and to testify that this is he who is appointed by god as the judge of the living and the dead .
all the house of joseph , his brothers , and his father 's house . only their little ones , their flocks , and their herds , they left in the land of goshen .
you have not known him , but i know him . if i said , i do n't know him , ' i would be like you , a liar . but i know him , and keep his word .
and the lord make you to increase and abound in love one toward another , and toward all men , even as we also do toward you ,
after the uproar had ceased , paul sent for the disciples , took leave of them , and departed to go into macedonia .
jehoshaphat slept with his fathers , and was buried with his fathers in the city of david : and jehoram his son reigned in his place .
the anger of yahweh was kindled against israel , and he sold them into the hand of the philistines , and into the hand of the children of ammon .
for an unloved woman when she is married ; and a handmaid who is heir to her mistress .
they kill the widow and the alien , and murder the fatherless .
joab the son of zeruiah , and the servants of david , went out , and met them by the pool of gibeon ; and they sat down , the one on the one side of the pool , and the other on the other side of the pool .
some pour out gold from the bag , and weigh silver in the balance . they hire a goldsmith , and he makes it a god . they fall downyes , they worship .
he causes all , the small and the great , the rich and the poor , and the free and the slave , to be given marks on their right hands , or on their foreheads ;
in the meanwhile , the disciples urged him , saying , rabbi , eat .
and strip aaron of his garments , and put them on eleazar his son : and aaron shall be gathered to his people , and shall die there .
a voice came to him again the second time , what god has cleansed , you must not call unclean .
for my sighing comes before i eat , my groanings are poured out like water .
and cast him into the abyss , and shut it , and sealed it over him , that he should deceive the nations no more , until the thousand years were finished . after this , he must be freed for a short time .
tear your heart , and not your garments , and turn to yahweh , your god ; for he is gracious and merciful , slow to anger , and abundant in loving kindness , and relents from sending calamity .
i have trodden the winepress alone ; and of the peoples there was no man with me : yes , i trod them in my anger , and trampled them in my wrath ; and their lifeblood is sprinkled on my garments , and i have stained all my clothing .
be diligent to come to me soon ,
but he shall acknowledge the firstborn , the son of the hated , by giving him a double portion of all that he has ; for he is the beginning of his strength ; the right of the firstborn is his .
you shall not lie with any animal to defile yourself with it ; neither shall any woman give herself to an animal , to lie down with it : it is a perversion .
nor height , nor depth , nor any other created thing , will be able to separate us from the love of god , which is in christ jesus our lord .
better is the end of a thing than its beginning . the patient in spirit is better than the proud in spirit .
balak did as balaam had spoken ; and balak and balaam offered on every altar a bull and a ram .
the children of israel again did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh : and yahweh strengthened eglon the king of moab against israel , because they had done that which was evil in the sight of yahweh .
the tent , its outer covering , its roof , its clasps , its boards , its bars , its pillars , and its sockets ;
then he came , and he took it out of the right hand of him who sat on the throne .
saying , prophesy to us , you christ ! who hit you ?
yahweh said to moses , yet one plague more will i bring on pharaoh , and on egypt ; afterwards he will let you go . when he lets you go , he will surely thrust you out altogether .
i took your sin , the calf which you had made , and burnt it with fire , and stamped it , grinding it very small , until it was as fine as dust : and i cast the dust of it into the brook that descended out of the mountain .
make me savory food , such as i love , and bring it to me , that i may eat , and that my soul may bless you before i die .
my son , give me your heart ; and let your eyes keep in my ways .
do n't speak against one another , brothers . he who speaks against a brother and judges his brother , speaks against the law and judges the law . but if you judge the law , you are not a doer of the law , but a judge .
they began to accuse him , saying , we found this man perverting the nation , forbidding paying taxes to caesar , and saying that he himself is christ , a king .
forty - one years reigned he in jerusalem : and his mother 's name was maacah the daughter of abishalom .
the words of jeremiah the son of hilkiah , of the priests who were in anathoth in the land of benjamin :
now david fled , and escaped , and came to samuel to ramah , and told him all that saul had done to him . he and samuel went and lived in naioth .
a man of many companions may be ruined , but there is a friend who sticks closer than a brother .
have the workers of iniquity no knowledge , who eat up my people as they eat bread , and do n't call on god ?
david sent messengers to the men of jabesh gilead , and said to them , blessed be you of yahweh , that you have shown this kindness to your lord , even to saul , and have buried him .
he blessed him , and said , blessed be abram of god most high , possessor of heaven and earth :
having eyes full of adultery , and who ca n't cease from sin ; enticing unsettled souls ; having a heart trained in greed ; children of cursing ;
we know and have believed the love which god has for us . god is love , and he who remains in love remains in god , and god remains in him .
that it might take hold of the ends of the earth , and shake the wicked out of it ?
when he rose up from his prayer , he came to the disciples , and found them sleeping because of grief ,
the watchman said , i think the running of the foremost is like the running of ahimaaz the son of zadok . the king said , he is a good man , and comes with good news .
behold , the acts of asa , first and last , behold , they are written in the book of the kings of judah and israel .
wo n't i in that day , says yahweh , destroy the wise men out of edom , and understanding out of the mountain of esau ?
in the day of my trouble i sought the lord . my hand was stretched out in the night , and did n't get tired . my soul refused to be comforted .
yahweh rewarded me according to my righteousness ; according to the cleanness of my hands has he recompensed me .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
then joshua called the reubenites , and the gadites , and the half - tribe of manasseh ,
he said to the levites who taught all israel , who were holy to yahweh , put the holy ark in the house which solomon the son of david king of israel did build ; there shall no more be a burden on your shoulders : now serve yahweh your god , and his people israel .
they all as one began to make excuses . the first said to him , i have bought a field , and i must go and see it . please have me excused . '
i will stretch out my hand against judah , and against all the inhabitants of jerusalem . i will cut off the remnant of baal from this place : the name of the idolatrous and pagan priests ,
then shall your light break forth as the morning , and your healing shall spring forth speedily ; and your righteousness shall go before you ; the glory of yahweh shall be your rear guard .
your children shall be wanderers in the wilderness forty years , and shall bear your prostitution , until your dead bodies be consumed in the wilderness .
while i am in the world , i am the light of the world .
his ways are prosperous at all times ; he is haughty , and your laws are far from his sight : as for all his adversaries , he sneers at them .
not that we are sufficient of ourselves , to account anything as from ourselves ; but our sufficiency is from god ;
the six hundred men girt with their weapons of war , who were of the children of dan , stood by the entrance of the gate .
they ought to have been here before you , and to make accusation , if they had anything against me .
for the children of israel and the children of levi shall bring the wave offering of the grain , of the new wine , and of the oil , to the chambers , where are the vessels of the sanctuary , and the priests who minister , and the porters , and the singers : and we will not forsake the house of our god .
the five men who went to spy out the land went up , and came in there , and took the engraved image , and the ephod , and the teraphim , and the molten image : and the priest stood by the entrance of the gate with the six hundred men girt with weapons of war .
am i a god at hand , says yahweh , and not a god afar off ?
josiah was eight years old when he began to reign ; and he reigned thirty - one years in jerusalem .
your lips , my bride , drip like the honeycomb . honey and milk are under your tongue . the smell of your garments is like the smell of lebanon .
it will happen at the harvests , that you shall give a fifth to pharaoh , and four parts will be your own , for seed of the field , for your food , for them of your households , and for food for your little ones .
there was a certain jew in shushan the palace , whose name was mordecai , the son of jair , the son of shimei , the son of kish , a benjamite ,
a sword shall come on egypt , and anguish shall be in ethiopia , when the slain shall fall in egypt ; and they shall take away her multitude , and her foundations shall be broken down .
pour out your wrath on the nations that do n't know you ; on the kingdoms that do n't call on your name ;
king solomon raised a levy out of all israel ; and the levy was thirty thousand men .
do n't receive an accusation against an elder , except at the word of two or three witnesses .
the deep says , it is n't in me . ' the sea says , it is n't with me . '
the fish that are in the river shall die , and the river shall become foul ; and the egyptians shall loathe to drink water from the river . '
the lord announced the word . the ones who proclaim it are a great company .
aaron shall lay both his hands on the head of the live goat , and confess over him all the iniquities of the children of israel , and all their transgressions , even all their sins ; and he shall put them on the head of the goat , and shall send him away into the wilderness by the hand of a man who is in readiness .
isaac came from the way of beer lahai roi , for he lived in the land of the south .
the priest 's heart was glad , and he took the ephod , and the teraphim , and the engraved image , and went in the midst of the people .
the thin heads of grain swallowed up the seven healthy and full ears . pharaoh awoke , and behold , it was a dream .
but thomas , one of the twelve , called didymus , was n't with them when jesus came .
until the time that his word happened , and yahweh 's word proved him true .
ezra the priest stood up , and said to them , you have trespassed , and have married foreign women , to increase the guilt of israel .
but israel , following after a law of righteousness , did n't arrive at the law of righteousness .
the keeper of the prison did n't look after anything that was under his hand , because yahweh was with him ; and that which he did , yahweh made it prosper .
brothers , i may tell you freely of the patriarch david , that he both died and was buried , and his tomb is with us to this day .
six days shall work be done , but on the seventh day is a sabbath of solemn rest , holy to yahweh . whoever does any work on the sabbath day shall surely be put to death .
he shall kill the lamb of the trespass offering . the priest shall take some of the blood of the trespass offering and put it on the tip of the right ear of him who is to be cleansed , and on the thumb of his right hand , and on the big toe of his right foot .
i , jesus , have sent my angel to testify these things to you for the assemblies . i am the root and the offspring of david ; the bright and morning star .
everyone therefore who confesses me before men , him i will also confess before my father who is in heaven .
but jehoshaphat said , is n't there here a prophet of yahweh , that we may inquire of yahweh by him ? one of the king of israel 's servants answered , elisha the son of shaphat is here , who poured water on the hands of elijah .
when abner was returned to hebron , joab took him aside into the midst of the gate to speak with him quietly , and struck him there in the body , so that he died , for the blood of asahel his brother .
be strong and of good courage ; for you shall cause this people to inherit the land which i swore to their fathers to give them .
yet it pleased yahweh to bruise him ; he has put him to grief : when you shall make his soul an offering for sin , he shall see his seed , he shall prolong his days , and the pleasure of yahweh shall prosper in his hand .
moses took the rod from before yahweh , as he commanded him .
she laid up his garment by her , until his master came home .
his lord said to him , well done , good and faithful servant . you have been faithful over a few things , i will set you over many things . enter into the joy of your lord . '
they asked baruch , saying , tell us now , how did you write all these words at his mouth ?
they sent a letter to him , in which was written thus : to darius the king , all peace .
the wind blows where it wants to , and you hear its sound , but do n't know where it comes from and where it is going . so is everyone who is born of the spirit .
he went on his journeys from the south even to bethel , to the place where his tent had been at the beginning , between bethel and ai ,
but have lifted up yourself against the lord of heaven ; and they have brought the vessels of his house before you , and you and your lords , your wives and your concubines , have drunk wine from them ; and you have praised the gods of silver and gold , of brass , iron , wood , and stone , which do n't see , nor hear , nor know ; and the god in whose hand your breath is , and whose are all your ways , you have not glorified .
therefore hear now this , you afflicted , and drunken , but now with wine :
from now on , let no one cause me any trouble , for i bear the marks of the lord jesus branded on my body .
if you shall keep all this commandment to do it , which i command you this day , to love yahweh your god , and to walk ever in his ways ; then shall you add three cities more for you , besides these three :
then achish gave him ziklag that day : why ziklag pertains to the kings of judah to this day .
the kings of the earth , the princes , the commanding officers , the rich , the strong , and every slave and free person , hid themselves in the caves and in the rocks of the mountains .
my eye shall not spare you , neither will i have pity ; but i will bring your ways on you , and your abominations shall be in the midst of you : and you shall know that i am yahweh .
then his sister said to pharaoh 's daughter , should i go and call a nurse for you from the hebrew women , that she may nurse the child for you ?
then i looked , and see , in the expanse that was over the head of the cherubim there appeared above them as it were a sapphire stone , as the appearance of the likeness of a throne .
let them vanish as water that flows away . when they draw the bow , let their arrows be made blunt .
my heart was hot within me . while i meditated , the fire burned : i spoke with my tongue :
when they had appointed elders for them in every assembly , and had prayed with fasting , they commended them to the lord , on whom they had believed .
not everyone who says to me , lord , lord , ' will enter into the kingdom of heaven ; but he who does the will of my father who is in heaven .
thus said yahweh to me : go , and stand in the gate of the children of the people , through which the kings of judah come in , and by which they go out , and in all the gates of jerusalem ;
there is silver beaten into plates , which is brought from tarshish , and gold from uphaz , the work of the artificer and of the hands of the goldsmith ; blue and purple for their clothing ; they are all the work of skillful men .
this is the message which we have heard from him and announce to you , that god is light , and in him is no darkness at all .
turn your ear , and listen to the words of the wise . apply your heart to my teaching .
let them be desolate by reason of their shame that tell me , aha ! aha !
yes , and all who desire to live godly in christ jesus will suffer persecution .
david took from him one thousand seven hundred horsemen , and twenty thousand footmen : and david hamstrung all the chariot horses , but reserved of them for one hundred chariots .
the children of israel spoke to moses , saying , behold , we perish , we are undone , we are all undone .
the word which came to jeremiah from yahweh , when king zedekiah sent to him pashhur the son of malchijah , and zephaniah the son of maaseiah , the priest , saying ,
after this it happened , that david struck the philistines , and subdued them , and took gath and its towns out of the hand of the philistines .
now he said this , not because he cared for the poor , but because he was a thief , and having the money box , used to steal what was put into it .
the men of israel and of judah arose , and shouted , and pursued the philistines , until you come to gai , and to the gates of ekron . the wounded of the philistines fell down by the way to shaaraim , even to gath , and to ekron .
who also sealed us , and gave us the down payment of the spirit in our hearts .
ezra the scribe stood on a pulpit of wood , which they had made for the purpose ; and beside him stood mattithiah , and shema , and anaiah , and uriah , and hilkiah , and maaseiah , on his right hand ; and on his left hand , pedaiah , and mishael , and malchijah , and hashum , and hashbaddanah , zechariah , and meshullam .
in a dream , in a vision of the night , when deep sleep falls on men , in slumbering on the bed ;
one golden ladle of ten shekels , full of incense ;
above all , taking up the shield of faith , with which you will be able to quench all the fiery darts of the evil one .
what i tell you in the darkness , speak in the light ; and what you hear whispered in the ear , proclaim on the housetops .
my lips shall shout for joy ! my soul , which you have redeemed , sings praises to you !
bearing with one another , and forgiving each other , if any man has a complaint against any ; even as christ forgave you , so you also do .
the mirth of tambourines ceases . the sound of those who rejoice ends . the joy of the harp ceases .
i will make your pinnacles of rubies , and your gates of emeralds , and all your border of precious stones .
also for the sons of aaron the priests , who were in the fields of the suburbs of their cities , in every city , there were men who were mentioned by name , to give portions to all the males among the priests , and to all who were reckoned by genealogy among the levites .
and that you make it your ambition to lead a quiet life , and to do your own business , and to work with your own hands , even as we charged you ;
on the day of our king , the princes made themselves sick with the heat of wine . he joined his hand with mockers .
they go from strength to strength . everyone of them appears before god in zion .
the bloodthirsty hate a man of integrity ; and they seek the life of the upright .
therefore is my harp turned to mourning , and my pipe into the voice of those who weep .
now the apostles and the brothers who were in judea heard that the gentiles had also received the word of god .
then samuel took the horn of oil , and anointed him in the midst of his brothers : and the spirit of yahweh came mightily on david from that day forward . so samuel rose up , and went to ramah .
yahweh your god will make you plenteous in all the work of your hand , in the fruit of your body , and in the fruit of your livestock , and in the fruit of your ground , for good : for yahweh will again rejoice over you for good , as he rejoiced over your fathers ;
but our god is in the heavens . he does whatever he pleases .
in his days pharaoh necoh king of egypt went up against the king of assyria to the river euphrates : and king josiah went against him ; and pharaoh necoh killed him at megiddo , when he had seen him .
for you are my lamp , yahweh ; yahweh will lighten my darkness .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
to whom our fathers would n't be obedient , but rejected him , and turned back in their hearts to egypt ,
therefore , o king , let my counsel be acceptable to you , and break off your sins by righteousness , and your iniquities by showing mercy to the poor ; if there may be a lengthening of your tranquillity .
he cropped off the topmost of the young twigs of it , and carried it to a land of traffic ; he set it in a city of merchants .
in the first year of cyrus the king , cyrus the king made a decree : concerning the house of god at jerusalem , let the house be built , the place where they offer sacrifices , and let the foundations of it be strongly laid ; the height of it sixty cubits , and the breadth of it sixty cubits ;
thus says the lord yahweh : if the prince give a gift to any of his sons , it is his inheritance , it shall belong to his sons ; it is their possession by inheritance .
then the kingdom of heaven will be like ten virgins , who took their lamps , and went out to meet the bridegroom .
so will i break down the wall that you have daubed with whitewash , and bring it down to the ground , so that the foundation of it shall be uncovered ; and it shall fall , and you shall be consumed in the midst of it : and you shall know that i am yahweh .
abraham circumcised his son , isaac , when he was eight days old , as god had commanded him .
he restored the eleven hundred pieces of silver to his mother ; and his mother said , i most assuredly dedicate the silver to yahweh from my hand for my son , to make an engraved image and a molten image : now therefore i will restore it to you .
the likeness of anything that creeps on the ground , the likeness of any fish that is in the water under the earth ;
only the tribe of levi you shall not number , neither shall you take a census of them among the children of israel ;
according as it is written , god gave them a spirit of stupor , eyes that they should not see , and ears that they should not hear , to this very day .
listen to me , house of jacob , and all the remnant of the house of israel , that have been borne by me from their birth , that have been carried from the womb ;
son of man , set your face toward the mountains of israel , and prophesy to them ,
a woman , when she gives birth , has sorrow , because her time has come . but when she has delivered the child , she does n't remember the anguish any more , for the joy that a human being is born into the world .
all the people shall hear , and fear , and do no more presumptuously .
one of the seven angels who had the seven bowls came and spoke with me , saying , come here . i will show you the judgment of the great prostitute who sits on many waters ,
but when the jews spoke against it , i was constrained to appeal to caesar , not that i had anything about which to accuse my nation .
but you , yahweh , have mercy on me , and raise me up , that i may repay them .
they went in to the king into the court ; but they had laid up the scroll in the chamber of elishama the scribe ; and they told all the words in the ears of the king .
he said , tomorrow . he said , be it according to your word , that you may know that there is none like yahweh our god .
however the king of the children of ammon did n't listen to the words of jephthah which he sent him .
jesus entered into the temple in jerusalem . when he had looked around at everything , it being now evening , he went out to bethany with the twelve .
jotham slept with his fathers , and they buried him in the city of david : and ahaz his son reigned in his place .
when they came to the threshing floor of chidon , uzza put forth his hand to hold the ark ; for the oxen stumbled .
all our enemies have opened their mouth wide against us .
blessed is he who considers the poor : yahweh will deliver him in the day of evil .
in you have they uncovered their fathers ' nakedness ; in you have they humbled her who was unclean in her impurity .
whoever lives and believes in me will never die . do you believe this ?
you are yahweh , even you alone ; you have made heaven , the heaven of heavens , with all their army , the earth and all things that are thereon , the seas and all that is in them , and you preserve them all ; and the army of heaven worships you .
therefore he sacrifices to his net , and burns incense to his dragnet , because by them his life is luxurious , and his food is good .
but you , brothers , are n't in darkness , that the day should overtake you like a thief .
how he was caught up into paradise , and heard unspeakable words , which it is not lawful for a man to utter .
it may be they will listen , and turn every man from his evil way ; that i may repent me of the evil which i purpose to do to them because of the evil of their doings .
if you were of the world , the world would love its own . but because you are not of the world , since i chose you out of the world , therefore the world hates you .
therefore do n't be like them , for your father knows what things you need , before you ask him .
god came to balaam , and said , what men are these with you ?
if the spirit of the ruler rises up against you , do n't leave your place ; for gentleness lays great offenses to rest .
he rebukes the sea , and makes it dry , and dries up all the rivers . bashan languishes , and carmel ; and the flower of lebanon languishes .
do n't be among ones drinking too much wine , or those who gorge themselves on meat :
so the king of israel went , and the king of judah , and the king of edom ; and they made a circuit of seven days ' journey : and there was no water for the army , nor for the animals that followed them .
now while the bridegroom delayed , they all slumbered and slept .
yahweh said , who shall entice ahab , that he may go up and fall at ramoth gilead ? one said on this manner ; and another said on that manner .
those who were numbered of the sons of gershon , their families , and by their fathers ' houses ,
he who corrects a mocker invites insult . he who reproves a wicked man invites abuse .
remember , i beg you , that you have fashioned me as clay . will you bring me into dust again ?
then the spirit entered into me , and set me on my feet ; and he spoke with me , and said to me , go , shut yourself within your house .
the children of israel did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh , and forgot yahweh their god , and served the baals and the asheroth .
when they could not come near to him for the crowd , they removed the roof where he was . when they had broken it up , they let down the mat that the paralytic was lying on .
concerning the good news , they are enemies for your sake . but concerning the election , they are beloved for the fathers ' sake .
as for the earth , out of it comes bread ; underneath it is turned up as it were by fire .
though wickedness is sweet in his mouth , though he hide it under his tongue ,
say among the nations , yahweh reigns . the world is also established . it ca n't be moved . he will judge the peoples with equity .
for indeed i bend judah as a bow for me . i have filled the bow with ephraim ; and i will stir up your sons , zion , against your sons , greece , and will make you like the sword of a mighty man .
let our people also learn to maintain good works for necessary uses , that they may not be unfruitful .
for if you shall diligently keep all this commandment which i command you , to do it , to love yahweh your god , to walk in all his ways , and to cleave to him ;
one male goat for a sin offering ;
for you will bless the righteous . yahweh , you will surround him with favor as with a shield .
of the tribe of zebulun twelve thousand , of the tribe of joseph twelve thousand , of the tribe of benjamin were sealed twelve thousand .
when much time had passed and the voyage was now dangerous , because the fast had now already gone by , paul admonished them ,
the dogs shall eat jezebel in the portion of jezreel , and there shall be none to bury her . he opened the door , and fled .
seven weeks shall you number to you : from the time you begin to put the sickle to the standing grain shall you begin to number seven weeks .
he said , yah has sworn : yahweh will have war with amalek from generation to generation . '
for has any said to god , i am guilty , but i will not offend any more .
the construction of its wall was jasper . the city was pure gold , like pure glass .
men will dwell therein , and there will be no more curse ; but jerusalem will dwell safely .
now when jesus heard that john was delivered up , he withdrew into galilee .
it shall be a perpetual statute to them : and he who sprinkles the water for impurity shall wash his clothes , and he who touches the water for impurity shall be unclean until even .
this is the day that yahweh has made . we will rejoice and be glad in it !
judah went up ; and yahweh delivered the canaanites and the perizzites into their hand : and they struck of them in bezek ten thousand men .
he said to another , follow me ! but he said , lord , allow me first to go and bury my father .
i shall be condemned ; why then do i labor in vain ?
you shall walk after yahweh your god , and fear him , and keep his commandments , and obey his voice , and you shall serve him , and cleave to him .
look at zion , the city of our appointed festivals . your eyes will see jerusalem , a quiet habitation , a tent that wo n't be removed . its stakes will never be plucked up , nor will any of its cords be broken .
and he said , if esau comes to the one company , and strikes it , then the company which is left will escape .
there shall you remember your ways , and all your doings , in which you have polluted yourselves ; and you shall loathe yourselves in your own sight for all your evils that you have committed .
the rich shall not give more , and the poor shall not give less , than the half shekel , when they give the offering of yahweh , to make atonement for your souls .
he erected an altar there , and called it el elohe israel .
the servants of saul told him , saying , on this manner spoke david .
for i am with you , says yahweh , to save you : for i will make a full end of all the nations where i have scattered you , but i will not make a full end of you ; but i will correct you in measure , and will in no way leave you unpunished .
and love the place of honor at feasts , the best seats in the synagogues ,
the people went out , and plundered the camp of the syrians . so a measure of fine flour was sold for a shekel , and two measures of barley for a shekel , according to the word of yahweh .
for the house of israel and the house of judah have dealt very treacherously against me , says yahweh .
cursed be he who lies with his mother - in - law . all the people shall say , amen .
again , when you have accomplished these , you shall lie on your right side , and shall bear the iniquity of the house of judah : forty days , each day for a year , have i appointed it to you .
but concerning the times and the seasons , brothers , you have no need that anything be written to you .
and the inhabitants of one shall go to another , saying , let us go speedily to entreat the favor of yahweh , and to seek yahweh of armies . i will go also . '
he humbled you , and allowed you to hunger , and fed you with manna , which you did n't know , neither did your fathers know ; that he might make you know that man does not live by bread only , but by everything that proceeds out of the mouth of yahweh does man live .
then call , and i will answer ; or let me speak , and you answer me .
who covers the sky with clouds , who prepares rain for the earth , who makes grass grow on the mountains .
solomon told her all her questions ; and there was not anything hid from solomon which he did n't tell her .
in whom you also are built together for a habitation of god in the spirit .
what has been done this day , so yahweh has commanded to do , to make atonement for you .
but as for me , i know that my redeemer lives . in the end , he will stand upon the earth .
but all the girls , who have not known man by lying with him , keep alive for yourselves .
watch therefore , for you do n't know in what hour your lord comes .
for nothing is hidden , that will not be revealed ; nor anything secret , that will not be known and come to light .
and the border shall turn about from azmon to the brook of egypt , and the goings out of it shall be at the sea .
he looked , and behold , there was at his head a cake baked on the coals , and a jar of water . he ate and drink , and laid him down again .
sing , barren , you who did n't bear ; break forth into singing , and cry aloud , you who did not travail with child : for more are the children of the desolate than the children of the married wife , says yahweh .
go up to the mountain , bring wood , and build the house . i will take pleasure in it , and i will be glorified , says yahweh .
you shall not lend him your money at interest , nor give him your food for profit .
jeroboam said in his heart , now will the kingdom return to the house of david :
i have no need for a bull from your stall , nor male goats from your pens .
for you have forgotten the god of your salvation , and have not remembered the rock of your strength . therefore you plant pleasant plants , and set out foreign seedlings .
the servants of the householder came and said to him , sir , did n't you sow good seed in your field ? where did this darnel come from ? '
when it was day , he departed and went into an uninhabited place , and the multitudes looked for him , and came to him , and held on to him , so that he would n't go away from them .
sing to yahweh ! bless his name ! proclaim his salvation from day to day !
he will consume the glory of his forest , and of his fruitful field , both soul and body . it will be as when a standard bearer faints .
so the posts went with the letters from the king and his princes throughout all israel and judah , and according to the commandment of the king , saying , you children of israel , turn again to yahweh , the god of abraham , isaac , and israel , that he may return to the remnant that have escaped of you out of the hand of the kings of assyria .
they have passed away as the swift ships , as the eagle that swoops on the prey .
esther 's maidens and her chamberlains came and told it her ; and the queen was exceedingly grieved : and she sent clothing to clothe mordecai , and to take his sackcloth from off him ; but he did n't receive it .
i thought to disclose it to you , saying , buy it before those who sit here , and before the elders of my people . if you will redeem it , redeem it : but if you will not redeem it , then tell me , that i may know ; for there is none to redeem it besides you ; and i am after you . he said , i will redeem it .
everyone , with whom was found blue , purple , scarlet , fine linen , goats ' hair , rams ' skins dyed red , and sea cow hides , brought them .
yahweh did according to the word of moses , and the frogs died out of the houses , out of the courts , and out of the fields .
so all the men of israel went up from following david , and followed sheba the son of bichri ; but the men of judah joined with their king , from the jordan even to jerusalem .
when all the kings who were servants to hadarezer saw that they were put to the worse before israel , they made peace with israel , and served them . so the syrians feared to help the children of ammon any more .
david commanded to gather together the foreigners who were in the land of israel ; and he set masons to hew worked stones to build the house of god .
but ishmael the son of nethaniah escaped from johanan with eight men , and went to the children of ammon .
there ran a young man , and told moses , and said , eldad and medad do prophesy in the camp .
there is a way which seems right to a man , but in the end it leads to death .
and because he did n't need for anyone to testify concerning man ; for he himself knew what was in man .
you shall not eat any blood , whether it is of bird or of animal , in any of your dwellings .
he struck moab , and measured them with the line , making them to lie down on the ground ; and he measured two lines to put to death , and one full line to keep alive . the moabites became servants to david , and brought tribute .
ask a sign of yahweh your god ; ask it either in the depth , or in the height above .
turn you us to you , yahweh , and we shall be turned ; renew our days as of old .
flee for safety , you children of benjamin , out of the midst of jerusalem , and blow the trumpet in tekoa , and raise up a signal on beth haccherem ; for evil looks forth from the north , and a great destruction .
there is a generation whose teeth are like swords , and their jaws like knives , to devour the poor from the earth , and the needy from among men .
then he will say also to those on the left hand , depart from me , you cursed , into the eternal fire which is prepared for the devil and his angels ;
for we are not as so many , peddling the word of god . but as of sincerity , but as of god , in the sight of god , we speak in christ .
and we will cut wood out of lebanon , as much as you shall need ; and we will bring it to you in floats by sea to joppa ; and you shall carry it up to jerusalem .
daniel spoke and said , i saw in my vision by night , and , behold , the four winds of the sky broke forth on the great sea .
that which is crooked ca n't be made straight ; and that which is lacking ca n't be counted .
he has violently taken away his tent , as if it were of a garden ; he has destroyed his place of assembly : yahweh has caused solemn assembly and sabbath to be forgotten in zion , has despised in the indignation of his anger the king and the priest .
looking around at those who sat around him , he said , behold , my mother and my brothers !
yahweh was very angry with aaron to destroy him : and i prayed for aaron also at the same time .
in this confidence , i was determined to come first to you , that you might have a second benefit ;
but they did n't understand this saying . it was concealed from them , that they should not perceive it , and they were afraid to ask him about this saying .
in the third month after the children of israel had gone forth out of the land of egypt , on that same day they came into the wilderness of sinai .
remember lot 's wife !
according to all these words , and according to all this vision , so did nathan speak to david .
for you all can prophesy one by one , that all may learn , and all may be exhorted .
they shall teach jacob your ordinances , israel your law : they shall put incense before you , whole burnt offering on your altar .
and he went after the man of israel into the pavilion , and thrust both of them through , the man of israel , and the woman through her body . so the plague was stayed from the children of israel .
she gave the king one hundred and twenty talents of gold , and spices in great abundance , and precious stones : neither was there any such spice as the queen of sheba gave to king solomon .
afterward moses and aaron came , and said to pharaoh , this is what yahweh , the god of israel , says , let my people go , that they may hold a feast to me in the wilderness . '
all the firstborn males that are born of your herd and of your flock you shall sanctify to yahweh your god : you shall do no work with the firstborn of your herd , nor shear the firstborn of your flock .
let no man therefore judge you in eating , or in drinking , or with respect to a feast day or a new moon or a sabbath day ,
you have multiplied your slain in this city , and you have filled the streets of it with the slain .
she said to him , not so , because this great wrong in putting me forth is worse than the other that you did to me . but he would not listen to her .
then hear you in heaven , and do , and judge your servants , condemning the wicked , to bring his way on his own head , and justifying the righteous , to give him according to his righteousness .
moreover you shall tell them , thus says yahweh : shall men fall , and not rise up again ? shall one turn away , and not return ?
they did n't thirst when he led them through the deserts ; he caused the waters to flow out of the rock for them ; he split the rock also , and the waters gushed out .
now therefore thus says yahweh , you shall not come down from the bed where you are gone up , but shall surely die . elijah departed .
at that time hanani the seer came to asa king of judah , and said to him , because you have relied on the king of syria , and have not relied on yahweh your god , therefore is the army of the king of syria escaped out of your hand .
let no man say when he is tempted , i am tempted by god , for god ca n't be tempted by evil , and he himself tempts no one .
set a wicked man over him . let an adversary stand at his right hand .
in the twelfth year of joram the son of ahab king of israel did ahaziah the son of jehoram king of judah begin to reign .
asa did that which was good and right in the eyes of yahweh his god :
oh the depth of the riches both of the wisdom and the knowledge of god ! how unsearchable are his judgments , and his ways past tracing out !
then eliashib the high priest rose up with his brothers the priests , and they built the sheep gate ; they sanctified it , and set up the doors of it ; even to the tower of hammeah they sanctified it , to the tower of hananel .
of the one thousand seven hundred seventy - five shekels he made hooks for the pillars , overlaid their capitals , and made fillets for them .
for your servant david 's sake , do n't turn away the face of your anointed one .
i was alive apart from the law once , but when the commandment came , sin revived , and i died .
the king and his men went to jerusalem against the jebusites , the inhabitants of the land , who spoke to david , saying , except you take away the blind and the lame , you shall not come in here ; thinking , david ca n't come in here .
also day by day , from the first day to the last day , he read in the book of the law of god . they kept the feast seven days ; and on the eighth day was a solemn assembly , according to the ordinance .
behold , i will do a new thing ; now shall it spring forth ; shall you not know it ? i will even make a way in the wilderness , and rivers in the desert .
turn my eyes away from looking at worthless things . revive me in your ways .
among whom you are also called to belong to jesus christ ;
for the canaanites and all the inhabitants of the land will hear of it , and will compass us round , and cut off our name from the earth : and what will you do for your great name ?
who have kept with your servant david my father that which you did promise him : yes , you spoke with your mouth , and have fulfilled it with your hand , as it is this day .
know that yahweh , he is god . it is he who has made us , and we are his . we are his people , and the sheep of his pasture .
there was no water for the congregation : and they assembled themselves together against moses and against aaron .
for what the law could n't do , in that it was weak through the flesh , god did , sending his own son in the likeness of sinful flesh and for sin , he condemned sin in the flesh ;
how long will you hunt for words ? consider , and afterwards we will speak .
arise , god , judge the earth , for you inherit all of the nations .
that i will break the assyrian in my land , and tread him under foot on my mountains . then his yoke will leave them , and his burden leave their shoulders .
but the unclean spirit , when he is gone out of the man , passes through waterless places , seeking rest , and does n't find it .
he will come and destroy these farmers , and will give the vineyard to others . when they heard it , they said , may it never be !
my son , listen to your father 's instruction , and do n't forsake your mother 's teaching :
jacob came in peace to the city of shechem , which is in the land of canaan , when he came from paddan aram ; and encamped before the city .
menahem slept with his fathers ; and pekahiah his son reigned in his place .
the scribes and the pharisees watched him , to see whether he would heal on the sabbath , that they might find an accusation against him .
but if they are questions about words and names and your own law , look to it yourselves . for i do n't want to be a judge of these matters .
amaziah the son of joash king of judah lived after the death of jehoash son of jehoahaz king of israel fifteen years .
the tribes of israel sent men through all the tribe of benjamin , saying , what wickedness is this that is happen among you ?
jesus said , father , forgive them , for they do n't know what they are doing . dividing his garments among them , they cast lots .
my breath is offensive to my wife . i am loathsome to the children of my own mother .
the children of israel set forward according to their journeys out of the wilderness of sinai ; and the cloud abode in the wilderness of paran .
happy are your men , happy are these your servants , who stand continually before you , and who hear your wisdom .
but after that our fathers had provoked the god of heaven to wrath , he gave them into the hand of nebuchadnezzar king of babylon , the chaldean , who destroyed this house , and carried the people away into babylon .
behold , the day , behold , it comes : your doom is gone forth ; the rod has blossomed , pride has budded .
shout against her round about : she has submitted herself ; her bulwarks are fallen , her walls are thrown down ; for it is the vengeance of yahweh : take vengeance on her ; as she has done , do to her .
the archers shot at king josiah ; and the king said to his servants , have me away ; for i am sore wounded .
for the good which i desire , i do n't do ; but the evil which i do n't desire , that i practice .
i am yahweh , your god , who brought you up out of the land of egypt . open your mouth wide , and i will fill it .
when he had said this , he breathed on them , and said to them , receive the holy spirit !
saul and all the people who were with him were gathered together , and came to the battle : and behold , every man 's sword was against his fellow , and there was a very great confusion .
an unfriendly man pursues selfishness , and defies all sound judgment .
apply your heart to instruction , and your ears to the words of knowledge .
he taught them many things in parables , and told them in his teaching ,
take you heed everyone of his neighbor , and do n't you trust in any brother ; for every brother will utterly supplant , and every neighbor will go about with slanders .
i am a stranger on the earth . do n't hide your commandments from me .
the ransomed of yahweh shall return , and come with singing to zion ; and everlasting joy shall be on their heads : they shall obtain gladness and joy ; and sorrow and sighing shall flee away .
the sixth poured out his bowl on the great river , the euphrates . its water was dried up , that the way might be made ready for the kings that come from the sunrise .
now my eyes shall be open , and my ears attentive , to the prayer that is made in this place .
so i have seen you in the sanctuary , watching your power and your glory .
now after i had delivered the deed of the purchase to baruch the son of neriah , i prayed to yahweh , saying ,
you have increased the nation , o yahweh . you have increased the nation ! you are glorified ! you have enlarged all the borders of the land .
at that time , jesus answered , i thank you , father , lord of heaven and earth , that you hid these things from the wise and understanding , and revealed them to infants .
jesus answered him , because i told you , i saw you underneath the fig tree , ' do you believe ? you will see greater things than these !
david said to jonathan , behold , tomorrow is the new moon , and i should not fail to sit with the king at meat : but let me go , that i may hide myself in the field to the third day at evening .
so they sat down with him on the ground seven days and seven nights , and none spoke a word to him , for they saw that his grief was very great .
they prepare the table . they set the watch . they eat . they drink . rise up , you princes , oil the shield !
no one sews a piece of unshrunk cloth on an old garment , or else the patch shrinks and the new tears away from the old , and a worse hole is made .
then the word of yahweh came to jeremiah , after that the king had burned the scroll , and the words which baruch wrote at the mouth of jeremiah , saying ,
do n't withhold your tender mercies from me , yahweh . let your loving kindness and your truth continually preserve me .
my brothers have dealt deceitfully as a brook , as the channel of brooks that pass away ;
and how will they preach unless they are sent ? as it is written : how beautiful are the feet of those who preach the good news of peace , who bring glad tidings of good things !
for the day of yahweh is near all the nations ! as you have done , it will be done to you . your deeds will return upon your own head .
the farmer went out to sow his seed . as he sowed , some fell along the road , and it was trampled under foot , and the birds of the sky devoured it .
you are good , and do good . teach me your statutes .
he spread the covering over the tent , and put the roof of the tent above on it , as yahweh commanded moses .
he who implanted the ear , wo n't he hear ? he who formed the eye , wo n't he see ?
he closed the book , gave it back to the attendant , and sat down . the eyes of all in the synagogue were fastened on him .
the philistines stood on the mountain on the one side , and israel stood on the mountain on the other side : and there was a valley between them .
we have a little sister . she has no breasts . what shall we do for our sister in the day when she is to be spoken for ?
he said to me , son of man , go , get you to the house of israel , and speak with my words to them .
show me the tax money . they brought to him a denarius .
he carried out there all the treasures of the house of yahweh , and the treasures of the king 's house , and cut in pieces all the vessels of gold , which solomon king of israel had made in the temple of yahweh , as yahweh had said .
you have taken my friends from me . you have made me an abomination to them . i am confined , and i ca n't escape .
and cinnamon , incense , perfume , frankincense , wine , olive oil , fine flour , wheat , sheep , horses , chariots , and people 's bodies and souls .
that the creation itself also will be delivered from the bondage of decay into the liberty of the glory of the children of god .
so zedekiah the king swore secretly to jeremiah , saying , as yahweh lives , who made us this soul , i will not put you to death , neither will i give you into the hand of these men who seek your life .
yahweh said to moses , how long do you refuse to keep my commandments and my laws ?
the wilderness and the dry land will be glad . the desert will rejoice and blossom like a rose .
the egyptians shall know that i am yahweh , when i have gotten myself honor over pharaoh , over his chariots , and over his horsemen .
for i tell you , i will no longer by any means eat of it until it is fulfilled in the kingdom of god .
the sky was removed like a scroll when it is rolled up . every mountain and island were moved out of their places .
you shall make curtains of goats ' hair for a covering over the tent : eleven curtains shall you make them .
from the place of his habitation he looks out on all the inhabitants of the earth ,
your children make haste ; your destroyers and those who made you waste shall go forth from you .
i indeed declare , love stands firm forever . you established the heavens . your faithfulness is in them .
yahweh said to moses , take joshua the son of nun , a man in whom is the spirit , and lay your hand on him ;
surely none of the men who came up out of egypt , from twenty years old and upward , shall see the land which i swore to abraham , to isaac , and to jacob ; because they have not wholly followed me :
but the thing displeased samuel , when they said , give us a king to judge us . samuel prayed to yahweh .
the spirit lifted me up , and brought me in the vision by the spirit of god into chaldea , to them of the captivity . so the vision that i had seen went up from me .
it happened , that he was reclining at the table in his house , and many tax collectors and sinners sat down with jesus and his disciples , for there were many , and they followed him .
so that they go around naked without clothing . being hungry , they carry the sheaves .
jephthah said to them , i and my people were at great strife with the children of ammon ; and when i called you , you did n't save me out of their hand .
now , behold , in my affliction i have prepared for the house of yahweh one hundred thousand talents of gold , and one thousand thousand talents of silver , and of brass and iron without weight ; for it is in abundance : timber also and stone have i prepared ; and you may add to them .
arise , and depart ! for this is not your resting place , because of uncleanness that destroys , even with a grievous destruction .
jesus answered , you would have no power at all against me , unless it were given to you from above . therefore he who delivered me to you has greater sin .
and two turtledoves , or two young pigeons , such as he is able to afford ; and the one shall be a sin offering , and the other a burnt offering .
he was listening to paul speaking , who , fastening eyes on him , and seeing that he had faith to be made whole ,
though these three men were in it , as i live , says the lord yahweh , they should deliver neither sons nor daughters , but they only should be delivered themselves .
yahweh said to me , do n't fear him ; for i have delivered him , and all his people , and his land , into your hand ; and you shall do to him as you did to sihon king of the amorites , who lived at heshbon .
then he appeared to over five hundred brothers at once , most of whom remain until now , but some have also fallen asleep .
but if a priest buys a slave , purchased by his money , he shall eat of it ; and such as are born in his house , they shall eat of his bread .
that you may walk in the way of good men , and keep the paths of the righteous .
when you have stayed three days , you shall go down quickly , and come to the place where you did hide yourself when the business was in hand , and shall remain by the stone ezel .
but the vow of a widow , or of her who is divorced , even everything with which she has bound her soul , shall stand against her .
let them judge the people at all times . it shall be that every great matter they shall bring to you , but every small matter they shall judge themselves . so shall it be easier for you , and they shall share the load with you .
when he had determined to pass over into achaia , the brothers encouraged him , and wrote to the disciples to receive him . when he had come , he greatly helped those who had believed through grace ;
yahweh prepared a great fish to swallow up jonah , and jonah was in the belly of the fish three days and three nights .
because he loved your fathers , therefore he chose their seed after them , and brought you out with his presence , with his great power , out of egypt ;
he charged them that they should take nothing for their journey , except a staff only : no bread , no wallet , no money in their purse ,
then went samson down , and his father and his mother , to timnah , and came to the vineyards of timnah : and behold , a young lion roared against him .
two men went up into the temple to pray ; one was a pharisee , and the other was a tax collector .
when a man shall have a rising in his body 's skin , or a scab , or a bright spot , and it becomes in the skin of his body the plague of leprosy , then he shall be brought to aaron the priest , or to one of his sons the priests :
and said to him , run , speak to this young man , saying , jerusalem will be inhabited as villages without walls , because of the multitude of men and livestock in it .
one golden ladle of ten shekels , full of incense ;
the vision of obadiah . this is what the lord yahweh says about edom . we have heard news from yahweh , and an ambassador is sent among the nations , saying , arise , and let 's rise up against her in battle .
when i saw him , i fell at his feet like a dead man . he laid his right hand on me , saying , do n't be afraid . i am the first and the last ,
jacob tore his clothes , and put sackcloth on his waist , and mourned for his son many days .
yet the children of manasseh could n't drive out the inhabitants of those cities ; but the canaanites would dwell in that land .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
now may the lord of peace himself give you peace at all times in all ways . the lord be with you all .
but you shall go to my father 's house , and to my relatives , and take a wife for my son . '
what then shall i do when god rises up ? when he visits , what shall i answer him ?
when the lord saw her , he had compassion on her , and said to her , do n't cry .
there were also that said , we have borrowed money for the king 's tribute on our fields and our vineyards .
when it was evening he came with the twelve .
they went , and came to the mountain , and abode there three days , until the pursuers were returned : and the pursuers sought them throughout all the way , but did n't find them .
sometimes the cloud was from evening until morning ; and when the cloud was taken up in the morning , they traveled : or by day and by night , when the cloud was taken up , they traveled .
but naaman was angry , and went away , and said , behold , i thought , he will surely come out to me , and stand , and call on the name of yahweh his god , and wave his hand over the place , and recover the leper .
do you think that i have come to give peace in the earth ? i tell you , no , but rather division .
wherein you greatly rejoice , though now for a little while , if need be , you have been put to grief in various trials ,
even as it is written , for your sake we are killed all day long . we were accounted as sheep for the slaughter .
the righteous shall inherit the land , and live in it forever .
keep me from the snare which they have laid for me , from the traps of the workers of iniquity .
you shall set the levites before aaron , and before his sons , and offer them as a wave offering to yahweh .
therefore it is said in the book of the wars of yahweh , vaheb in suphah , the valleys of the arnon ,
rejoice with those who rejoice . weep with those who weep .
why do we also stand in jeopardy every hour ?
god spoke to noah and to his sons with him , saying ,
vex the midianites , and strike them ;
your vows are on me , god . i will give thank offerings to you .
the elders of gilead said to jephthah , yahweh shall be witness between us ; surely according to your word so will we do .
he encloses the face of his throne , and spreads his cloud on it .
they said to him , where is sarah , your wife ? he said , see , in the tent .
when your people israel are struck down before the enemy , because they have sinned against you ; if they turn again to you , and confess your name , and pray and make supplication to you in this house :
blessed are those whose ways are blameless , who walk according to yahweh 's law .
your eye shall not pity him , but you shall put away the innocent blood from israel , that it may go well with you .
now he spoke of judas , the son of simon iscariot , for it was he who would betray him , being one of the twelve .
moses went down from the mountain to the people , and sanctified the people ; and they washed their clothes .
for what does the scripture say ? abraham believed god , and it was accounted to him for righteousness .
i will keep my loving kindness for him forevermore . my covenant will stand firm with him .
they moved him to jealousy with strange gods ; with abominations provoked they him to anger .
if we are examined today concerning a good deed done to a crippled man , by what means this man has been healed ,
and being in readiness to avenge all disobedience , when your obedience will be made full .
do n't make a covenant with the inhabitants of the land , lest they play the prostitute after their gods , and sacrifice to their gods , and one call you and you eat of his sacrifice ;
as for you , house of israel , thus says the lord yahweh : go you , serve everyone his idols , and hereafter also , if you will not listen to me ; but my holy name shall you no more profane with your gifts , and with your idols .
i will abundantly bless her provision . i will satisfy her poor with bread .
certain also of the asiarchs , being his friends , sent to him and begged him not to venture into the theater .
the priest shall pour some of the oil into the palm of his own left hand ;
the beast which i saw was like a leopard , and his feet were like those of a bear , and his mouth like the mouth of a lion . the dragon gave him his power , his throne , and great authority .
now while he was not yet gone back , go back then , said he , to gedaliah the son of ahikam , the son of shaphan , whom the king of babylon has made governor over the cities of judah , and dwell with him among the people ; or go wherever it seems right to you to go . so the captain of the guard gave him food and a present , and let him go .
that path no bird of prey knows , neither has the falcon 's eye seen it .
the old men of gebal and the wise men of it were in you your repairers of ship seams : all the ships of the sea with their mariners were in you to deal in your merchandise .
they removed the burnt offerings , that they might give them according to the divisions of the fathers ' houses of the children of the people , to offer to yahweh , as it is written in the book of moses . so did they with the oxen .
he shall offer one of the turtledoves , or of the young pigeons , such as he is able to afford ,
and in vain do they worship me , teaching as doctrine rules made by men . '
it shall happen that as i thought to do to them , so will i do to you .
however , if you fulfill the royal law , according to the scripture , you shall love your neighbor as yourself , you do well .
for if , while we were enemies , we were reconciled to god through the death of his son , much more , being reconciled , we will be saved by his life .
therefore his parents said , he is of age . ask him .
yet all this avails me nothing , so long as i see mordecai the jew sitting at the king 's gate .
joab gave up the sum of the numbering of the people to david . all those of israel were one million one hundred thousand men who drew sword : and in judah were four hundred seventy thousand men who drew sword .
yahweh our god made a covenant with us in horeb .
men shall go into the caves of the rocks , and into the holes of the earth , from before the terror of yahweh , and from the glory of his majesty , when he arises to shake the earth mightily .
the tongue of the sucking child cleaves to the roof of his mouth for thirst : the young children ask bread , and no man breaks it to them .
the children of israel returned from chasing after the philistines , and they plundered their camp .
i understand more than the aged , because i have kept your precepts .
esau said , let me now leave with you some of the folk who are with me . he said , why ? let me find favor in the sight of my lord .
they went after them to the jordan : and behold , all the way was full of garments and vessels , which the syrians had cast away in their haste . the messengers returned , and told the king .
standing behind at his feet weeping , she began to wet his feet with her tears , and she wiped them with the hair of her head , kissed his feet , and anointed them with the ointment .
he who is too impoverished for such an offering chooses a tree that will not rot . he seeks a skillful workman to set up an engraved image for him that will not be moved .
whoever transgresses and does n't remain in the teaching of christ , does n't have god . he who remains in the teaching , the same has both the father and the son .
jephthah vowed a vow to yahweh , and said , if you will indeed deliver the children of ammon into my hand ,
shout for joy to yahweh , all you lands !
and say , what was your mother ? a lioness : she couched among lions , in the midst of the young lions she nourished her cubs .
and after the earthquake a fire ; but yahweh was not in the fire : and after the fire a still small voice .
you will know that i am in the midst of israel , and that i am yahweh , your god , and there is no one else ; and my people will never again be disappointed .
yahweh , why do you reject my soul ? why do you hide your face from me ?
i myself will fight against you with an outstretched hand and with a strong arm , even in anger , and in wrath , and in great indignation .
therefore jesus perceived that they wanted to ask him , and he said to them , do you inquire among yourselves concerning this , that i said , a little while , and you wo n't see me , and again a little while , and you will see me ? '
save yourself , and come down from the cross !
servants , obey in all things those who are your masters according to the flesh , not just when they are looking , as men pleasers , but in singleness of heart , fearing god .
then zebah and zalmunna said , rise you , and fall on us ; for as the man is , so is his strength . gideon arose , and killed zebah and zalmunna , and took the crescents that were on their camels ' necks .
he said , amos , what do you see ? i said , a basket of summer fruit . then yahweh said to me , the end has come on my people israel . i will not again pass by them any more .
moses returned to yahweh , and said , lord , why have you brought trouble on this people ? why is it that you have sent me ?
amaziah also said to amos , you seer , go , flee away into the land of judah , and there eat bread , and prophesy there :
he built an altar there , and called on the name of yahweh , and pitched his tent there . there isaac 's servants dug a well .
but the more they afflicted them , the more they multiplied and the more they spread out . they were grieved because of the children of israel .
these were heads of fathers ' houses of the levites , throughout their generations , chief men : these lived at jerusalem .
and four thousand were doorkeepers ; and four thousand praised yahweh with the instruments which i made , said david , for giving praise .
strong scales are his pride , shut up together with a close seal .
tell me , you whom my soul loves , where you graze your flock , where you rest them at noon ; for why should i be as one who is veiled beside the flocks of your companions ? lover
but the bull , and its skin , and its flesh , and its dung , he burned with fire outside the camp ; as yahweh commanded moses .
there is an evil which i have seen under the sun , the sort of error which proceeds from the ruler .
so i prophesied as i was commanded : and as i prophesied , there was a noise , and behold , an earthquake ; and the bones came together , bone to its bone .
then all the midianites and the amalekites and the children of the east assembled themselves together ; and they passed over , and encamped in the valley of jezreel .
he bowed the heavens also , and came down ; thick darkness was under his feet .
do you intend to reprove words , seeing that the speeches of one who is desperate are as wind ?
the little owl , the cormorant , the great owl ,
moses called bezalel and oholiab , and every wise - hearted man , in whose heart yahweh had put wisdom , even everyone whose heart stirred him up to come to the work to do it :
now the men observed diligently , and hurried to catch whether it were his mind ; and they said , your brother ben hadad . then he said , go you , bring him . then ben hadad came forth to him ; and he caused him to come up into the chariot .
the waters receded continually until the tenth month . in the tenth month , on the first day of the month , the tops of the mountains were seen .
whatever has no fins nor scales in the waters , that is an abomination to you .
moab shall be destroyed from being a people , because he has magnified himself against yahweh .
when they came to the nations , where they went , they profaned my holy name ; in that men said of them , these are the people of yahweh , and are gone forth out of his land .
yahweh will cause his glorious voice to be heard , and will show the descent of his arm , with the indignation of his anger , and the flame of a devouring fire , with a blast , tempest , and hailstones .
even to the next day after the seventh sabbath you shall number fifty days ; and you shall offer a new meal offering to yahweh .
then yahweh was jealous for his land , and had pity on his people .
yahweh will render to every man his righteousness and his faithfulness ; because yahweh delivered you into my hand today , and i would n't put forth my hand against yahweh 's anointed .
job speaks without knowledge , his words are without wisdom . '
those who shall be of you shall build the old waste places ; you shall raise up the foundations of many generations ; and you shall be called the repairer of the breach , the restorer of paths to dwell in .
for wisdom will enter into your heart . knowledge will be pleasant to your soul .
but it was so , that in the three and twentieth year of king jehoash the priests had not repaired the breaches of the house .
therefore said i , now will the philistines come down on me to gilgal , and i have n't entreated the favor of yahweh : i forced myself therefore , and offered the burnt offering .
he said to them , i am one hundred twenty years old this day ; i can no more go out and come in : and yahweh has said to me , you shall not go over this jordan .
behold , he snatches away ; who can hinder him ? who will ask him , what are you doing ? '
those who died by the plague were twenty - four thousand .
and their brothers , mighty men of valor , one hundred twenty - eight ; and their overseer was zabdiel , the son of haggedolim .
that they would desire mercies of the god of heaven concerning this secret ; that daniel and his companions should not perish with the rest of the wise men of babylon .
for this deed of the queen will come abroad to all women , to make their husbands contemptible in their eyes , when it shall be reported , the king ahasuerus commanded vashti the queen to be brought in before him , but she did n't come .
and the two kidneys , and the fat that is on them , which is by the loins , and the cover on the liver , with the kidneys , he shall take away .
the headdresses , the ankle chains , the sashes , the perfume bottles , the charms ,
remember his marvelous works that he has done , his wonders , and the judgments of his mouth ,
turn us again , yahweh god of armies . cause your face to shine , and we will be saved .
let us lie down in our shame , and let our confusion cover us ; for we have sinned against yahweh our god , we and our fathers , from our youth even to this day ; and we have not obeyed the voice of yahweh our god .
also the burnt offerings were in abundance , with the fat of the peace offerings , and with the drink offerings for every burnt offering . so the service of the house of yahweh was set in order .
now is the end on you , and i will send my anger on you , and will judge you according to your ways ; and i will bring on you all your abominations .
do n't snatch the word of truth out of my mouth , for i put my hope in your ordinances .
moreover those who had familiar spirits , and the wizards , and the teraphim , and the idols , and all the abominations that were seen in the land of judah and in jerusalem , did josiah put away , that he might confirm the words of the law which were written in the book that hilkiah the priest found in the house of yahweh .
then shall he who offers his offering offer to yahweh a meal offering of a tenth part of an ephah of fine flour mixed with the fourth part of a hin of oil :
and the priest shall examine him . behold , if there is a white rising in the skin , and it has turned the hair white , and there is raw flesh in the rising ,
all the people departed every man to his house : and david returned to bless his house .
with many other words he testified , and exhorted them , saying , save yourselves from this crooked generation !
the king of sodom said to abram , give me the people , and take the goods to yourself .
yes , he loved cursing , and it came to him . he did n't delight in blessing , and it was far from him .
they forsook the house of yahweh , the god of their fathers , and served the asherim and the idols : and wrath came on judah and jerusalem for this their guiltiness .
so she wrote letters in ahab 's name , and sealed them with his seal , and sent the letters to the elders and to the nobles who were in his city , and who lived with naboth .
how shall i come before yahweh , and bow myself before the exalted god ? shall i come before him with burnt offerings , with calves a year old ?
moses and aaron said to all the children of israel , at evening , then you shall know that yahweh has brought you out from the land of egypt ;
when i saw among the spoil a goodly babylonian mantle , and two hundred shekels of silver , and a wedge of gold of fifty shekels weight , then i coveted them , and took them ; and , behold , they are hid in the earth in the midst of my tent , and the silver under it .
for if we believe that jesus died and rose again , even so those who have fallen asleep in jesus will god bring with him .
that you abstain from things sacrificed to idols , from blood , from things strangled , and from sexual immorality , from which if you keep yourselves , it will be well with you . farewell .
the path of life leads upward for the wise , to keep him from going downward to sheol .
a false witness will perish , and a man who listens speaks to eternity .
to grant to us that we , being delivered out of the hand of our enemies , should serve him without fear ,
the king spoke and said , is not this great babylon , which i have built for the royal dwelling place , by the might of my power and for the glory of my majesty ?
they are like children who sit in the marketplace , and call one to another , saying , we piped to you , and you did n't dance . we mourned , and you did n't weep . '
i also will do this to you : i will appoint terror over you , even consumption and fever , that shall consume the eyes , and make the soul to pine away ; and you will sow your seed in vain , for your enemies will eat it .
for the redemption of the two hundred seventy - three of the firstborn of the children of israel , who exceed the number of the levites ,
then the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
then shall the trees of the wood sing for joy before yahweh ; for he comes to judge the earth .
who is left among you who saw this house in its former glory ? how do you see it now ? is n't it in your eyes as nothing ?
that you shall set apart to yahweh all that opens the womb , and every firstborn which you have that comes from an animal . the males shall be yahweh 's .
so shall my word be that goes forth out of my mouth : it shall not return to me void , but it shall accomplish that which i please , and it shall prosper in the thing whereto i sent it .
the grass withers , the flower fades , because yahweh 's breath blows on it . surely the people are like grass .
in the hill country , and in the lowland , and in the arabah , and in the slopes , and in the wilderness , and in the south ; the hittite , the amorite , and the canaanite , the perizzite , the hivite , and the jebusite :
yes , and you will be brought before governors and kings for my sake , for a testimony to them and to the nations .
he will lift up a banner to the nations from far , and he will whistle for them from the end of the earth . behold , they will come speedily and swiftly .
then contended i with the rulers , and said , why is the house of god forsaken ? i gathered them together , and set them in their place .
asa cried to yahweh his god , and said , yahweh , there is none besides you to help , between the mighty and him who has no strength : help us , yahweh our god ; for we rely on you , and in your name are we come against this multitude . yahweh , you are our god ; do n't let man prevail against you .
for you will eat the labor of your hands . you will be happy , and it will be well with you .
and sit on a stately bed , with a table prepared before it , whereupon you did set my incense and my oil .
you yourselves testify that i said , i am not the christ , ' but , i have been sent before him . '
the burnt offering that the prince shall offer to yahweh shall be on the sabbath day six lambs without blemish and a ram without blemish ;
for if a man with a gold ring , in fine clothing , comes into your synagogue , and a poor man in filthy clothing also comes in ;
he delivered them into the hands of his servants , every herd by itself , and said to his servants , pass over before me , and put a space between herd and herd .
they said therefore to him , what then do you do for a sign , that we may see , and believe you ? what work do you do ?
they went away in the boat to a desert place by themselves .
go quickly and tell his disciples , he has risen from the dead , and behold , he goes before you into galilee ; there you will see him . ' behold , i have told you .
pharisees came to him testing him , and asked him , is it lawful for a man to divorce his wife ?
wicked people earn deceitful wages , but one who sows righteousness reaps a sure reward .
for i have given you an example , that you also should do as i have done to you .
beware of the dogs , beware of the evil workers , beware of the false circumcision .
with a strong hand , and with an outstretched arm ; for his loving kindness endures forever :
their infants also will be dashed in pieces before their eyes . their houses will be ransacked , and their wives raped .
deliver me , yahweh , from my enemies . i flee to you to hide me .
come you near to me , hear you this ; from the beginning i have not spoken in secret ; from the time that it was , there am i : and now the lord yahweh has sent me , and his spirit .
a scoffer seeks wisdom , and does n't find it , but knowledge comes easily to a discerning person .
but be you glad and rejoice forever in that which i create ; for , behold , i create jerusalem a rejoicing , and her people a joy .
a certain servant girl saw him as he sat in the light , and looking intently at him , said , this man also was with him .
blessed be the god and father of our lord jesus christ , who according to his great mercy became our father again to a living hope through the resurrection of jesus christ from the dead ,
amid which certain jews from asia found me purified in the temple , not with a mob , nor with turmoil .
yahweh spoke with you face to face on the mountain out of the midst of the fire ,
when men strive together one with another , and the wife of the one draws near to deliver her husband out of the hand of him who strikes him , and puts forth her hand , and takes him by the secrets ;
tell us therefore , what do you think ? is it lawful to pay taxes to caesar , or not ?
the priests did n't say , where is yahweh ? and those who handle the law did n't know me : the rulers also transgressed against me , and the prophets prophesied by baal , and walked after things that do not profit .
but god came to abimelech in a dream of the night , and said to him , behold , you are a dead man , because of the woman whom you have taken . for she is a man 's wife .
he took his staff in his hand , and chose him five smooth stones out of the brook , and put them in the shepherd 's bag which he had , even in his wallet ; and his sling was in his hand : and he drew near to the philistine .
and said to the judges , consider what you do : for you do n't judge for man , but for yahweh ; and he is with you in the judgment .
the speech pleased the lord , that solomon had asked this thing .
a worthless man devises mischief . his speech is like a scorching fire .
and he who invited both of you would come and tell you , make room for this person . ' then you would begin , with shame , to take the lowest place .
because for the sake of the name they went out , taking nothing from the gentiles .
how do we hear , everyone in our own native language ?
you will have joy and gladness ; and many will rejoice at his birth .
it is even right for me to think this way on behalf of all of you , because i have you in my heart , because , both in my bonds and in the defense and confirmation of the good news , you all are partakers with me of grace .
which things indeed appear like wisdom in self - imposed worship , and humility , and severity to the body ; but are n't of any value against the indulgence of the flesh .
i will make people more rare than fine gold , even a person than the pure gold of ophir .
but in those days , after that oppression , the sun will be darkened , the moon will not give its light ,
in whom the god of this world has blinded the minds of the unbelieving , that the light of the good news of the glory of christ , who is the image of god , should not dawn on them .
therefore saul sent messengers to jesse , and said , send me david your son , who is with the sheep .
rebekah took the good clothes of esau , her elder son , which were with her in the house , and put them on jacob , her younger son .
they have sown wheat , and have reaped thorns ; they have put themselves to pain , and profit nothing : and you shall be ashamed of your fruits , because of the fierce anger of yahweh .
he will be like a wild donkey among men . his hand will be against every man , and every man 's hand against him . he will live opposite all of his brothers .
but peter , standing up with the eleven , lifted up his voice , and spoke out to them , you men of judea , and all you who dwell at jerusalem , let this be known to you , and listen to my words .
for the thing which i fear comes on me , that which i am afraid of comes to me .
give thanks to the lord of lords ; for his loving kindness endures forever :
( let me be weighed in an even balance , that god may know my integrity ) ;
and brought his head on a platter , and gave it to the young lady ; and the young lady gave it to her mother .
behold , the days come , that all that is in your house , and that which your fathers have laid up in store to this day , shall be carried to babylon : nothing shall be left , says yahweh .
we dreamed a dream in one night , i and he . we dreamed each man according to the interpretation of his dream .
every meal offering of a priest shall be wholly burned . it shall not be eaten .
and brought out israel from among them ; for his loving kindness endures forever ;
for solomon went after ashtoreth the goddess of the sidonians , and after milcom the abomination of the ammonites .
therefore my heart sounds for moab like pipes , and my heart sounds like pipes for the men of kir heres : therefore the abundance that he has gotten is perished .
he said to her , daughter , cheer up . your faith has made you well . go in peace .
there was a gate to the inner court toward the south : and he measured from gate to gate toward the south a hundred cubits .
the sons of the singers gathered themselves together , both out of the plain round about jerusalem , and from the villages of the netophathites ;
i will strengthen the arms of the king of babylon , and put my sword in his hand : but i will break the arms of pharaoh , and he shall groan before him with the groanings of a deadly wounded man .
the king shall mourn , and the prince shall be clothed with desolation , and the hands of the people of the land shall be troubled : i will do to them after their way , and according to their own judgments will i judge them ; and they shall know that i am yahweh .
yahweh spoke suddenly to moses , and to aaron , and to miriam , come out you three to the tent of meeting . they three came out .
i will seek that which was lost , and will bring back that which was driven away , and will bind up that which was broken , and will strengthen that which was sick : but the fat and the strong i will destroy ; i will feed them in justice .
again he departed from the borders of tyre and sidon , and came to the sea of galilee , through the midst of the region of decapolis .
he gathered together the priests and the levites , and said to them , go out to the cities of judah , and gather of all israel money to repair the house of your god from year to year ; and see that you hasten the matter . however the levites did n't hurry .
it shall happen in that day that a man shall keep alive a young cow , and two sheep ;
and he said to him , thus says jephthah : israel did n't take away the land of moab , nor the land of the children of ammon ,
the servant said , lord , it is done as you commanded , and there is still room . '
now solomon purposed to build a house for the name of yahweh , and a house for his kingdom .
gave his offering : one silver platter , the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels , one silver bowl of seventy shekels , after the shekel of the sanctuary ; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering ;
every animal , every creeping thing , and every bird , whatever moves on the earth , after their families , went forth out of the ark .
but shun foolish questionings , genealogies , strife , and disputes about the law ; for they are unprofitable and vain .
they have set up kings , but not by me . they have made princes , and i did n't approve . of their silver and their gold they have made themselves idols , that they may be cut off .
to bind their kings with chains , and their nobles with fetters of iron ;
the crowns shall be to helem , and to tobijah , and to jedaiah , and to hen the son of zephaniah , for a memorial in the temple of yahweh .
therefore i will weep with the weeping of jazer for the vine of sibmah . i will water you with my tears , heshbon , and elealeh : for on your summer fruits and on your harvest the battle shout has fallen .
and will cast them into the furnace of fire . there will be weeping and the gnashing of teeth .
woe to you , you who are full now ! for you will be hungry . woe to you who laugh now ! for you will mourn and weep .
it is changed as clay under the seal , and stands forth as a garment .
thus shall my anger be accomplished , and i will cause my wrath toward them to rest , and i shall be comforted ; and they shall know that i , yahweh , have spoken in my zeal , when i have accomplished my wrath on them .
yes , they sacrificed their sons and their daughters to demons .
i went up by revelation , and i laid before them the good news which i preach among the gentiles , but privately before those who were respected , for fear that i might be running , or had run , in vain .
for there are also many unruly men , vain talkers and deceivers , especially those of the circumcision ,
now in the things which we are saying , the main point is this . we have such a high priest , who sat down on the right hand of the throne of the majesty in the heavens ,
arise , get you to zarephath , which belongs to sidon , and dwell there : behold , i have commanded a widow there to sustain you .
the angel of yahweh appeared to him in a flame of fire out of the midst of a bush . he looked , and behold , the bush burned with fire , and the bush was not consumed .
on the twenty - fourth day of the eleventh month , which is the month shebat , in the second year of darius , the word of yahweh came to zechariah the son of berechiah , the son of iddo , the prophet , saying ,
therefore let us keep the feast , not with old yeast , neither with the yeast of malice and wickedness , but with the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth .
but jehoiada grew old and was full of days , and he died ; one hundred thirty years old was he when he died .
the kingdom and the dominion , and the greatness of the kingdoms under the whole sky , shall be given to the people of the saints of the most high : his kingdom is an everlasting kingdom , and all dominions shall serve and obey him .
for entangled like thorns , and drunken as with their drink , they are consumed utterly like dry stubble .
then he told the man , stretch out your hand . he stretched it out ; and it was restored whole , just like the other .
in the thickness of the wall of the court toward the east , before the separate place , and before the building , there were chambers .
she lived under the palm tree of deborah between ramah and bethel in the hill country of ephraim : and the children of israel came up to her for judgment .
out of the tribe of issachar , kishion with its suburbs , daberath with its suburbs ,
the captain of the guard took jeremiah , and said to him , yahweh your god pronounced this evil on this place ;
this is the word that i covenanted with you when you came out of egypt , and my spirit lived among you . do n't be afraid . '
as clouds and wind without rain , so is he who boasts of gifts deceptively .
their camels , four hundred thirty - five ; their donkeys , six thousand seven hundred and twenty .
the first creature was like a lion , and the second creature like a calf , and the third creature had a face like a man , and the fourth was like a flying eagle .
they sacrifice on the tops of the mountains , and burn incense on the hills , under oaks and poplars and terebinths , because its shade is good . therefore your daughters play the prostitute , and your brides commit adultery .
now jesus stood before the governor : and the governor asked him , saying , are you the king of the jews ? jesus said to him , so you say .
lament , mourn , and weep . let your laughter be turned to mourning , and your joy to gloom .
all who sat in the council , fastening their eyes on him , saw his face like it was the face of an angel .
concerning the prophets . my heart within me is broken , all my bones shake ; i am like a drunken man , and like a man whom wine has overcome , because of yahweh , and because of his holy words .
it shall be , when the officers have made an end of speaking to the people , that they shall appoint captains of armies at the head of the people .
make a joyful shout to god , all the earth !
heshbon cries out with elealeh . their voice is heard even to jahaz . therefore the armed men of moab cry aloud . their souls tremble within them .
but he passed away , and behold , he was not . yes , i sought him , but he could not be found .
if i say , i will forget my complaint , i will put off my sad face , and cheer up ; '
they brought up the ark of yahweh , and the tent of meeting , and all the holy vessels that were in the tent ; even these did the priests and the levites bring up .
take the sum of all the congregation of the children of israel , from twenty years old and upward , by their fathers ' houses , all who are able to go forth to war in israel .
as you would like people to do to you , do exactly so to them .
if evil come on us , the sword , judgment , or pestilence , or famine , we will stand before this house , and before you , ( for your name is in this house ) , and cry to you in our affliction , and you will hear and save .
then hear from heaven , even from your dwelling place , and do according to all that the foreigner calls to you for ; that all the peoples of the earth may know your name , and fear you , as does your people israel , and that they may know that this house which i have built is called by your name .
none is so fierce that he dare stir him up . who then is he who can stand before me ?
they therefore departed from the presence of the council , rejoicing that they were counted worthy to suffer dishonor for jesus ' name .
moses spoke to yahweh , saying ,
no , in all these things , we are more than conquerors through him who loved us .
he was very thirsty , and called on yahweh , and said , you have given this great deliverance by the hand of your servant ; and now shall i die for thirst , and fall into the hand of the uncircumcised .
of the levites , ahijah was over the treasures of the house of god , and over the treasures of the dedicated things .
the woman conceived , and bore a son . when she saw that he was a fine child , she hid him three months .
however , the most high does n't dwell in temples made with hands , as the prophet says ,
aaron took as moses spoke , and ran into the midst of the assembly ; and behold , the plague was begun among the people : and he put on the incense , and made atonement for the people .
namely , bezer in the wilderness , in the plain country , for the reubenites ; and ramoth in gilead , for the gadites ; and golan in bashan , for the manassites .
for the fortified city is solitary , a habitation deserted and forsaken , like the wilderness . the calf will feed there , and there he will lie down , and consume its branches .
all the people , even the men of war who were with him , went up , and drew near , and came before the city , and encamped on the north side of ai : now there was a valley between him and ai .
it shall be , when you are come in to the land which yahweh your god gives you for an inheritance , and possess it , and dwell therein ,
neither does one jostle another ; they march everyone in his path , and they burst through the defenses , and do n't break ranks .
behold , a prophet came near to ahab king of israel , and said , thus says yahweh , have you seen all this great multitude ? behold , i will deliver it into your hand this day ; and you shall know that i am yahweh .
because you are glad , because you rejoice , o you who plunder my heritage , because you are wanton as a heifer that treads out the grain , and neigh as strong horses ;
do n't be deceived . god is not mocked , for whatever a man sows , that he will also reap .
you shall take no ransom for him who is fled to his city of refuge , that he may come again to dwell in the land , until the death of the priest .
confuse them , lord , and confound their language , for i have seen violence and strife in the city .
for by your words you will be justified , and by your words you will be condemned .
but let the righteous be glad . let them rejoice before god . yes , let them rejoice with gladness .
he said to them , take heed what you hear . with whatever measure you measure , it will be measured to you , and more will be given to you who hear .
i will stretch over jerusalem the line of samaria , and the plummet of the house of ahab ; and i will wipe jerusalem as a man wipes a dish , wiping it and turning it upside down .
elisha said to her , what shall i do for you ? tell me ; what have you in the house ? she said , your handmaid has nothing in the house , except a pot of oil .
you also once walked in those , when you lived in them ;
there are also celestial bodies , and terrestrial bodies ; but the glory of the celestial differs from that of the terrestrial .
nevertheless my eye spared them , and i did n't destroy them , neither did i make a full end of them in the wilderness .
the border went down to the brook of kanah , southward of the brook : these cities belonged to ephraim among the cities of manasseh : and the border of manasseh was on the north side of the brook , and the goings out of it were at the sea :
for without cause they have hidden their net in a pit for me . without cause they have dug a pit for my soul .
woe to you , scribes and pharisees , hypocrites ! for you travel around by sea and land to make one proselyte ; and when he becomes one , you make him twice as much of a son of gehenna as yourselves .
in the eighth month , in the second year of darius , the word of yahweh came to zechariah the son of berechiah , the son of iddo , the prophet , saying ,
they pour out arrogant words . all the evil - doers boast .
yet i destroyed the amorite before them , whose height was like the height of the cedars , and he was strong as the oaks ; yet i destroyed his fruit from above , and his roots from beneath .
the children of the captivity did so . ezra the priest , with certain heads of fathers ' houses , after their fathers ' houses , and all of them by their names , were set apart ; and they sat down in the first day of the tenth month to examine the matter .
that i may make the voice of thanksgiving to be heard , and tell of all your wondrous works .
serve yahweh with gladness . come before his presence with singing .
therefore love the foreigner ; for you were foreigners in the land of egypt .
but they said , we will drink no wine ; for jonadab the son of rechab , our father , commanded us , saying , you shall drink no wine , neither you , nor your sons , forever :
but he , because he lives forever , has his priesthood unchangeable .
they divide my garments among them . they cast lots for my clothing .
being made free from sin , you became bondservants of righteousness .
for i testify about him , that he has great zeal for you , and for those in laodicea , and for those in hierapolis .
do n't deliver the soul of your dove to wild beasts . do n't forget the life of your poor forever .
as for man , his days are like grass . as a flower of the field , so he flourishes .
he made the lampstand of pure gold . he made the lampstand of beaten work . its base , its shaft , its cups , its buds , and its flowers were of one piece with it .
by reason of the multitude of oppressions they cry out ; they cry for help by reason of the arm of the mighty .
yahweh answered the angel who talked with me with kind and comforting words .
therefore , behold , i will cause them to know , this once will i cause them to know my hand and my might ; and they shall know that my name is yahweh .
but he said to her , you speak as one of the foolish women would speak . what ? shall we receive good at the hand of god , and shall we not receive evil ? in all this job did n't sin with his lips .
it is given to be furbished , that it may be handled : the sword , it is sharpened , yes , it is furbished , to give it into the hand of the killer .
he said , peaceably ; i am come to sacrifice to yahweh : sanctify yourselves , and come with me to the sacrifice . he sanctified jesse and his sons , and called them to the sacrifice .
give , and it will be given to you : good measure , pressed down , shaken together , and running over , will be given to you . for with the same measure you measure it will be measured back to you .
yahweh , i know that the way of man is not in himself : it is not in man who walks to direct his steps .
those who were numbered of them , of the tribe of benjamin , were thirty - five thousand four hundred .
now therefore when i come to your servant my father , and the boy is not with us ; seeing that his life is bound up in the boy 's life ;
a continual dropping on a rainy day and a contentious wife are alike :
and the sash of fine twined linen , and blue , and purple , and scarlet , the work of the embroiderer , as yahweh commanded moses .
he placed the breastplate on him ; and in the breastplate he put the urim and the thummim .
and the fourth row , a chrysolite , an onyx , and a jasper . they were enclosed in gold settings .
his disciples went out , and came into the city , and found things as he had said to them , and they prepared the passover .
they said to you that in the last time there will be mockers , walking after their own ungodly lusts .
he lifted up his eyes , and saw the wayfaring man in the street of the city ; and the old man said , where go you ? and whence come you ?
yahweh , do n't grant the desires of the wicked . do n't let their evil plans succeed , or they will become proud . selah .
the time drew near that israel must die , and he called his son joseph , and said to him , if now i have found favor in your sight , please put your hand under my thigh , and deal kindly and truly with me . please do n't bury me in egypt ,
adonijah feared because of solomon ; and he arose , and went , and caught hold on the horns of the altar .
jesus therefore answered , it is he to whom i will give this piece of bread when i have dipped it . so when he had dipped the piece of bread , he gave it to judas , the son of simon iscariot .
but that you also may know my affairs , how i am doing , tychicus , the beloved brother and faithful servant in the lord , will make known to you all things ;
then they asked him , tell us , please , for whose cause this evil is on us . what is your occupation ? where do you come from ? what is your country ? of what people are you ?
for him who knew no sin he made to be sin on our behalf ; so that in him we might become the righteousness of god .
now i will tell you what i will do to my vineyard . i will take away its hedge , and it will be eaten up . i will break down its wall of it , and it will be trampled down .
when this comes to pass , ( behold , it comes ) , then shall they know that a prophet has been among them .
his bones are full of his youth , but youth shall lie down with him in the dust .
thus were they divided impartially by drawing lots ; for there were princes of the sanctuary , and princes of god , both of the sons of eleazar , and of the sons of ithamar .
then saul said to jonathan , tell me what you have done . jonathan told him , and said , i did certainly taste a little honey with the end of the rod that was in my hand ; and behold , i must die .
this is love , that we should walk according to his commandments . this is the commandment , even as you heard from the beginning , that you should walk in it .
i brought your fathers out of egypt : and you came to the sea ; and the egyptians pursued after your fathers with chariots and with horsemen to the red sea .
he made the poles of acacia wood , and overlaid them with brass .
but mixed themselves with the nations , and learned their works .
stephen , full of faith and power , performed great wonders and signs among the people .
behold , men brought a paralyzed man on a cot , and they sought to bring him in to lay before jesus .
the princes of moab rose up , and they went to balak , and said , balaam refuses to come with us .
then jesus came with them to a place called gethsemane , and said to his disciples , sit here , while i go there and pray .
thus says yahweh , the god of israel , thus shall you tell the king of judah , who sent you to me to inquire of me : behold , pharaoh 's army , which is come forth to help you , shall return to egypt into their own land .
to titus , my true child according to a common faith : grace , mercy , and peace from god the father and the lord jesus christ our savior .
but afterward i will bring back the captivity of the children of ammon , says yahweh .
you were in eden , the garden of god ; every precious stone adorned you : ruby , topaz , emerald , chrysolite , onyx , jasper , sapphire , turquoise , and beryl . gold work of tambourines and of pipes was in you . in the day that you were created they were prepared .
moses entered into the midst of the cloud , and went up on the mountain ; and moses was on the mountain forty days and forty nights .
by this everyone will know that you are my disciples , if you have love for one another .
there will be no night , and they need no lamp light ; for the lord god will illuminate them . they will reign forever and ever .
and the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour for a meal offering , mixed with the fourth part of a hin of beaten oil .
asshur is there and all her company ; her graves are round about her ; all of them slain , fallen by the sword ;
thus says yahweh against all my evil neighbors , who touch the inheritance which i have caused my people israel to inherit : behold , i will pluck them up from off their land , and will pluck up the house of judah from among them .
the princes were angry with jeremiah , and struck him , and put him in prison in the house of jonathan the scribe ; for they had made that the prison .
he will judge the world in righteousness . he will administer judgment to the peoples in uprightness .
my bread also which i gave you , fine flour , and oil , and honey , with which i fed you , you did even set it before them for a sweet savor ; and thus it was , says the lord yahweh .
his master said to him , we wo n't turn aside into the city of a foreigner , that is not of the children of israel ; but we will pass over to gibeah .
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old shall you number them , everyone who enters on the service , to do the work of the tent of meeting .
the angel thrust his sickle into the earth , and gathered the vintage of the earth , and threw it into the great winepress of the wrath of god .
if any of your outcasts are in the uttermost parts of the heavens , from there will yahweh your god gather you , and from there he will bring you back :
at what instant i shall speak concerning a nation , and concerning a kingdom , to build and to plant it ;
if the household is worthy , let your peace come on it , but if it is n't worthy , let your peace return to you .
he said , watch out that you do n't get led astray , for many will come in my name , saying , i am , ' and , the time is at hand . ' therefore do n't follow them .
it happened after this , that the children of moab , and the children of ammon , and with them some of the ammonites , came against jehoshaphat to battle .
he said to him , bring me a heifer three years old , a female goat three years old , a ram three years old , a turtledove , and a young pigeon .
they reasoned with one another , saying , it 's because we have no bread .
he who sins is of the devil , for the devil has been sinning from the beginning . to this end the son of god was revealed , that he might destroy the works of the devil .
you shall strike every fortified city , and every choice city , and shall fell every good tree , and stop all springs of water , and mar every good piece of land with stones .
in the greatness of your excellency , you overthrow those who rise up against you : you send forth your wrath . it consumes them as stubble .
they have turned aside quickly out of the way which i commanded them . they have made themselves a molten calf , and have worshiped it , and have sacrificed to it , and said , these are your gods , israel , which brought you up out of the land of egypt . '
god is our refuge and strength , a very present help in trouble .
there is salvation in none other , for neither is there any other name under heaven , that is given among men , by which we must be saved !
the lamp of the body is the eye . therefore when your eye is good , your whole body is also full of light ; but when it is evil , your body also is full of darkness .
those who fled stand without strength under the shadow of heshbon ; for a fire is gone forth out of heshbon , and a flame from the midst of sihon , and has devoured the corner of moab , and the crown of the head of the tumultuous ones .
it happened , when i , even i daniel , had seen the vision , that i sought to understand it ; and behold , there stood before me as the appearance of a man .
but above all things , my brothers , do n't swear , neither by heaven , nor by the earth , nor by any other oath ; but let your yes be yes , and your no , no ; so that you do n't fall into hypocrisy .
they shall know that i am yahweh their god , in that i caused them to go into captivity among the nations , and have gathered them to their own land ; and i will leave none of them any more there ;
but do n't be far off , yahweh . you are my help : hurry to help me .
it happened in the morning that his spirit was troubled , and he sent and called for all of egypt 's magicians and wise men . pharaoh told them his dreams , but there was no one who could interpret them to pharaoh .
simon peter answered him , lord , to whom would we go ? you have the words of eternal life .
see if there is any wicked way in me , and lead me in the everlasting way .
the voice of my beloved ! behold , he comes , leaping on the mountains , skipping on the hills .
it happened in the eleventh year , in the first month , in the seventh day of the month , that the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
a noise shall come even to the end of the earth ; for yahweh has a controversy with the nations ; he will enter into judgment with all flesh : as for the wicked , he will give them to the sword , says yahweh .
he had also seven sons and three daughters .
seeing that many boast after the flesh , i will also boast .
now hannah , she spoke in her heart ; only her lips moved , but her voice was not heard : therefore eli thought she had been drunken .
do n't stand in the crossroads to cut off those of his who escape . do n't deliver up those of his who remain in the day of distress .
the children also of his servants shall inherit it . those who love his name shall dwell therein .
all the cities of the families of the rest of the children of kohath were ten with their suburbs .
can a man be profitable to god ? surely he who is wise is profitable to himself .
it happened , when rachel had borne joseph , that jacob said to laban , send me away , that i may go to my own place , and to my country .
and to carry the silver and gold , which the king and his counselors have freely offered to the god of israel , whose habitation is in jerusalem ,
teaching them to observe all things that i commanded you . behold , i am with you always , even to the end of the age . amen .
he told her all his heart , and said to her , no razor has ever come on my head ; for i have been a nazirite to god from my mother 's womb . if i am shaved , then my strength will go from me , and i will become weak , and be like any other man .
he who overcomes will be arrayed in white garments , and i will in no way blot his name out of the book of life , and i will confess his name before my father , and before his angels .
all the brothers greet you . greet one another with a holy kiss .
israel said , why did you treat me so badly , telling the man that you had another brother ?
you shall break them with a rod of iron . you shall dash them in pieces like a potter 's vessel .
if i ascend up into heaven , you are there . if i make my bed in sheol , behold , you are there !
a voice was heard in ramah , lamentation , weeping and great mourning , rachel weeping for her children ; she would n't be comforted , because they are no more .
his brothers saw that their father loved him more than all his brothers , and they hated him , and could n't speak peaceably to him .
then ahimelech answered the king , and said , who among all your servants is so faithful as david , who is the king 's son - in - law , and is taken into your council , and is honorable in your house ?
does he who plows to sow plow continually ? does he keep turning the soil and breaking the clods ?
david also took ahinoam of jezreel ; and they became both of them his wives .
moses led the people out of the camp to meet god ; and they stood at the lower part of the mountain .
he shall kill it on the north side of the altar before yahweh . aaron 's sons , the priests , shall sprinkle its blood around on the altar .
his daughter was sheerah , who built beth horon the lower and the upper , and uzzen sheerah .
paul , a prisoner of christ jesus , and timothy our brother , to philemon , our beloved fellow worker ,
you have plowed wickedness . you have reaped iniquity . you have eaten the fruit of lies , for you trusted in your way , in the multitude of your mighty men .
then moses and aaron fell on their faces before all the assembly of the congregation of the children of israel .
why do the nations rage , and the peoples plot a vain thing ?
for you know that even when he afterward desired to inherit the blessing , he was rejected , for he found no place for a change of mind though he sought it diligently with tears .
the burden of tyre . howl , you ships of tarshish ! for it is laid waste , so that there is no house , no entering in . from the land of kittim it is revealed to them .
the jews therefore said , will he kill himself , that he says , where i am going , you ca n't come ? '
and with you will i break in pieces the shepherd and his flock ; and with you will i break in pieces the farmer and his yoke of oxen ; and with you will i break in pieces governors and deputies .
and i will bring you into the wilderness of the peoples , and there will i enter into judgment with you face to face .
the high priest said , are these things so ?
for the lord had made the army of the syrians to hear a noise of chariots , and a noise of horses , even the noise of a great army : and they said one to another , behold , the king of israel has hired against us the kings of the hittites , and the kings of the egyptians , to come on us .
his division , and those who were numbered of them , were fifty - nine thousand three hundred .
suddenly there was a great earthquake , so that the foundations of the prison were shaken ; and immediately all the doors were opened , and everyone 's bonds were loosened .
the seven priests bearing the seven trumpets of rams ' horns before the ark of yahweh went on continually , and blew the trumpets : and the armed men went before them ; and the rearward came after the ark of yahweh , the priests blowing the trumpets as they went .
for most assuredly , i tell you , until heaven and earth pass away , not even one smallest letter or one tiny pen stroke shall in any way pass away from the law , until all things are accomplished .
the king of egypt said to them , why do you , moses and aaron , take the people from their work ? get back to your burdens !
it had been revealed to him by the holy spirit that he should not see death before he had seen the lord 's christ .
fathers , do n't provoke your children , so that they wo n't be discouraged .
and you shall offer for the drink offering half a hin of wine , for an offering made by fire , of a sweet savor to yahweh .
for , behold , they have gone away from destruction . egypt will gather them up . memphis will bury them . nettles will possess their pleasant things of silver . thorns will be in their tents .
i am indeed a jew , born in tarsus of cilicia , but brought up in this city at the feet of gamaliel , instructed according to the strict manner of the law of our fathers , being zealous for god , even as you all are this day .
it happened that when jesus had finished directing his twelve disciples , he departed from there to teach and preach in their cities .
a certain centurion 's servant , who was dear to him , was sick and at the point of death .
yahweh said to moses , tell aaron , take your rod , and stretch out your hand over the waters of egypt , over their rivers , over their streams , and over their pools , and over all their ponds of water , that they may become blood ; and there shall be blood throughout all the land of egypt , both in vessels of wood and in vessels of stone . '
david said to all his servants who were with him at jerusalem , arise , and let us flee ; for else none of us shall escape from absalom : make speed to depart , lest he overtake us quickly , and bring down evil on us , and strike the city with the edge of the sword .
be it known therefore to you , that the salvation of god is sent to the nations . they will also listen .
woe to you , land , when your king is a child , and your princes eat in the morning !
he fell on his face at jesus ' feet , giving him thanks ; and he was a samaritan .
your lips are like scarlet thread . your mouth is lovely . your temples are like a piece of a pomegranate behind your veil .
is it at your command that the eagle mounts up , and makes his nest on high ?
you fathers , do n't provoke your children to wrath , but nurture them in the discipline and instruction of the lord .
after this thing jeroboam did n't return from his evil way , but made again from among all the people priests of the high places : whoever would , he consecrated him , that there might be priests of the high places .
then i will establish the throne of your kingdom , according as i covenanted with david your father , saying , there shall not fail you a man to be ruler in israel .
do n't eat the food of him who has a stingy eye , and do n't crave his delicacies :
all flying insects that walk on all fours are an abomination to you .
isaiah said , take a cake of figs . they took and laid it on the boil , and he recovered .
he said to them , it is n't for you to know times or seasons which the father has set within his own authority .
until yahweh give rest to your brothers , as to you , and they also possess the land which yahweh your god gives them beyond the jordan : then shall you return every man to his possession , which i have given you .
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
for whoever shall keep the whole law , and yet stumble in one point , he has become guilty of all .
circumcision is nothing , and uncircumcision is nothing , but the keeping of the commandments of god .
then answered they and said before the king , that daniel , who is of the children of the captivity of judah , does n't regard you , o king , nor the interdict that you have signed , but makes his petition three times a day .
to him who made the great lights ; for his loving kindness endures forever :
this is the history of the generations of noah . noah was a righteous man , blameless among the people of his time . noah walked with god .
she spoke to him according to these words , saying , the hebrew servant , whom you have brought to us , came in to me to mock me ,
in those days , while mordecai was sitting in the king 's gate , two of the king 's chamberlains , bigthan and teresh , of those who kept the threshold , were angry , and sought to lay hands on the king ahasuerus .
pharaoh said , behold , the people of the land are now many , and you make them rest from their burdens .
he also drove out the nations before them , allotted them for an inheritance by line , and made the tribes of israel to dwell in their tents .
the grace of our lord jesus christ be with your spirit . amen .
yahweh said to moses , when you go back into egypt , see that you do before pharaoh all the wonders which i have put in your hand , but i will harden his heart and he will not let the people go .
her nobles were purer than snow , they were whiter than milk ; they were more ruddy in body than rubies , their polishing was as of sapphire .
concerning jehoiakim king of judah you shall say , thus says yahweh : you have burned this scroll , saying , why have you written therein , saying , the king of babylon shall certainly come and destroy this land , and shall cause to cease from there man and animal ?
yahweh said to joshua , get you up ; why are you thus fallen on your face ?
in that hour the disciples came to jesus , saying , who then is greatest in the kingdom of heaven ?
for your arrows have pierced me , your hand presses hard on me .
he went with him , and a great multitude followed him , and they pressed upon him on all sides .
he overlaid also the house , the beams , the thresholds , and the walls of it , and the doors of it , with gold ; and engraved cherubim on the walls .
for thus says yahweh , behold , i will sling out the inhabitants of the land at this time , and will distress them , that they may feel it .
that your days may be multiplied , and the days of your children , in the land which yahweh swore to your fathers to give them , as the days of the heavens above the earth .
rehoboam went to shechem ; for all israel were come to shechem to make him king .
go you , inquire of yahweh for me , and for the people , and for all judah , concerning the words of this book that is found ; for great is the wrath of yahweh that is kindled against us , because our fathers have not listened to the words of this book , to do according to all that which is written concerning us .
how he entered into the house of god when abiathar was high priest , and ate the show bread , which it is not lawful to eat except for the priests , and gave also to those who were with him ?
and their meal offering , fine flour mixed with oil , three tenth parts for every bull of the thirteen bulls , two tenth parts for each ram of the two rams ,
demetrius has the testimony of all , and of the truth itself ; yes , we also testify , and you know that our testimony is true .
if now you have understanding , hear this . listen to the voice of my words .
let my tongue sing of your word , for all your commandments are righteousness .
he said , do n't lay your hand on the boy , neither do anything to him . for now i know that you fear god , seeing you have not withheld your son , your only son , from me .
preaching boldly in the name of the lord . he spoke and disputed against the hellenists , but they were seeking to kill him .
and i will clothe him with your robe , and strengthen him with your belt . i will commit your government into his hand ; and he will be a father to the inhabitants of jerusalem , and to the house of judah .
and they entered into the boat , and were going over the sea to capernaum . it was now dark , and jesus had not come to them .
their father said to them , which way did he go ? now his sons had seen which way the man of god went , who came from judah .
behold , i come quickly . blessed is he who keeps the words of the prophecy of this book .
moses turned , and went down from the mountain , with the two tablets of the testimony in his hand ; tablets that were written on both their sides ; on the one side and on the other they were written .
great is yahweh , and greatly to be praised ! his greatness is unsearchable .
my dwelling is removed , and is carried away from me like a shepherd 's tent . i have rolled up , like a weaver , my life . he will cut me off from the loom . from day even to night you will make an end of me .
jesus said to him , you shall love the lord your god with all your heart , and with all your soul , and with all your mind . '
azariah the priest went in after him , and with him eighty priests of yahweh , who were valiant men :
saul said , cast lots between me and jonathan my son . jonathan was taken .
remove your scourge away from me . i am overcome by the blow of your hand .
there the centurion found a ship of alexandria sailing for italy , and he put us on board .
the children of israel shall pitch their tents , every man by his own camp , and every man by his own standard , according to their divisions .
therefore the children of israel do n't eat the sinew of the hip , which is on the hollow of the thigh , to this day , because he touched the hollow of jacob 's thigh in the sinew of the hip .
then hezekiah commanded to prepare chambers in the house of yahweh ; and they prepared them .
saying , what do you think of the christ ? whose son is he ? they said to him , of david .
i have therefore my boasting in christ jesus in things pertaining to god .
those who were numbered of them , of the tribe of naphtali , were fifty - three thousand four hundred .
so my heavenly father will also do to you , if you do n't each forgive your brother from your hearts for his misdeeds .
the waters receded from the earth continually . after the end of one hundred fifty days the waters decreased .
then justice will dwell in the wilderness ; and righteousness will remain in the fruitful field .
knowing that the putting off of my tent comes swiftly , even as our lord jesus christ made clear to me .
the king answered , i know of a certainty that you would gain time , because you see the thing is gone from me .
how the christ must suffer , and how , by the resurrection of the dead , he would be first to proclaim light both to these people and to the gentiles .
but you , brothers , do n't be weary in doing well .
the egyptians pursued after them : all the horses and chariots of pharaoh , his horsemen , and his army ; and overtook them encamping by the sea , beside pihahiroth , before baal zephon .
in the twenty - fourth day of the month , in the sixth month , in the second year of darius the king .
and they shall bring the glory and the honor of the nations into it so that they may enter .
know this for sure , that no sexually immoral person , nor unclean person , nor covetous man , who is an idolater , has any inheritance in the kingdom of christ and god .
nor can they prove to you the things of which they now accuse me .
for thus says the lord yahweh : i will bring up a company against them , and will give them to be tossed back and forth and robbed .
he took him into the field of zophim , to the top of pisgah , and built seven altars , and offered up a bull and a ram on every altar .
so you also have some who hold to the teaching of the nicolaitans likewise .
moses commanded the children of israel according to the word of yahweh , saying , the tribe of the sons of joseph speaks right .
whoever robs his father or his mother , and says , it 's not wrong . he is a partner with a destroyer .
therefore we said , let us now prepare to build us an altar , not for burnt offering , nor for sacrifice :
salvation belongs to yahweh . your blessing be on your people . selah .
and saying , if you are the king of the jews , save yourself !
when i came to you , brothers , i did n't come with excellence of speech or of wisdom , proclaiming to you the testimony of god .
she hurried , and emptied her pitcher into the trough , and ran again to the well to draw , and drew for all his camels .
moses wrote their goings out according to their journeys by the commandment of yahweh : and these are their journeys according to their goings out .
when you go , your steps will not be hampered . when you run , you will not stumble .
i will put forth my hand and strike egypt with all my wonders which i will do in the midst of it , and after that he will let you go .
the captain of the guard took seraiah the chief priest , and zephaniah the second priest , and the three keepers of the threshold :
another angel came out from the temple , crying with a loud voice to him who sat on the cloud , send forth your sickle , and reap ; for the hour to reap has come ; for the harvest of the earth is ripe !
beside the gates , at the entry of the city , at the entry doors , she cries aloud :
in that time , a present will be brought to yahweh of armies from a people tall and smooth , even from a people awesome from their beginning onward , a nation that measures out and treads down , whose land the rivers divide , to the place of the name of yahweh of armies , mount zion .
they shall go forth , and look on the dead bodies of the men who have transgressed against me : for their worm shall not die , neither shall their fire be quenched ; and they shall be an abhorring to all flesh .
be glad in yahweh , you righteous people ! give thanks to his holy name .
pay attention to him , and listen to his voice . do n't provoke him , for he will not pardon your disobedience , for my name is in him .
but let your yes ' be yes ' and your no ' be no . ' whatever is more than these is of the evil one .
for thus says yahweh : david shall never want a man to sit on the throne of the house of israel ;
but of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil , you shall not eat of it ; for in the day that you eat of it you will surely die .
but i will sing of your strength . yes , i will sing aloud of your loving kindness in the morning . for you have been my high tower , a refuge in the day of my distress .
you are wearied in the multitude of your counsels : let now the astrologers , the stargazers , the monthly prognosticators , stand up , and save you from the things that shall come on you .
he said , i saw all israel scattered on the mountains , as sheep that have no shepherd : and yahweh said , these have no master ; let them return every man to his house in peace .
you shall hang up the veil under the clasps , and shall bring the ark of the testimony in there within the veil : and the veil shall separate the holy place from the most holy for you .
one who winks his eyes to plot perversities , one who compresses his lips , is bent on evil .
korah assembled all the congregation against them to the door of the tent of meeting : and the glory of yahweh appeared to all the congregation .
the sea coast will be pastures , with cottages for shepherds and folds for flocks .
joshua the son of nun was full of the spirit of wisdom ; for moses had laid his hands on him : and the children of israel listened to him , and did as yahweh commanded moses .
god has spoken once , twice i have heard this , that power belongs to god .
therefore turn to your god . keep kindness and justice , and wait continually for your god .
for their rock is not as our rock , even our enemies themselves being judges .
judah said to israel , his father , send the boy with me , and we 'll get up and go , so that we may live , and not die , both we , and you , and also our little ones .
they brought horses for solomon out of egypt , and out of all lands .
for david did n't ascend into the heavens , but he says himself , the lord said to my lord , sit by my right hand ,
to timothy , my beloved child : grace , mercy , and peace , from god the father and christ jesus our lord .
now in return , i speak as to my children , you also be open wide .
shall they not teach you , tell you , and utter words out of their heart ?
i heard one speaking to me out of the house ; and a man stood by me .
many waters ca n't quench love , neither can floods drown it . if a man would give all the wealth of his house for love , he would be utterly scorned . friends
one young bull , one ram , one male lamb a year old , for a burnt offering ;
vindicate me , yahweh my god , according to your righteousness ; do n't let them gloat over me .
under their hand was an army , three hundred thousand and seven thousand and five hundred , who made war with mighty power , to help the king against the enemy .
but it happened , when nebuchadnezzar king of babylon came up into the land , that we said , come , and let us go to jerusalem for fear of the army of the chaldeans , and for fear of the army of the syrians ; so we dwell at jerusalem .
i know your works , oppression , and your poverty ( but you are rich ) , and the blasphemy of those who say they are jews , and they are not , but are a synagogue of satan .
cursed be he who does n't confirm the words of this law to do them . all the people shall say , amen .
when the children of ammon saw that they were become odious to david , the children of ammon sent and hired the syrians of beth rehob , and the syrians of zobah , twenty thousand footmen , and the king of maacah with one thousand men , and the men of tob twelve thousand men .
son of man , because tyre has said against jerusalem , aha , she is broken : the gate of the peoples ; she is turned to me ; i shall be replenished , now that she is laid waste :
he offered for his offering : one silver platter , the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels , one silver bowl of seventy shekels , after the shekel of the sanctuary ; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering ;
praise yahweh , jerusalem ! praise your god , zion !
but woe to those who are with child and to those who nurse babies in those days !
like a fluttering sparrow , like a darting swallow , so the undeserved curse does n't come to rest .
he who is truthful testifies honestly , but a false witness lies .
my skin grows black and peels from me . my bones are burned with heat .
for whoever finds me , finds life , and will obtain favor from yahweh .
over the king 's treasures was azmaveth the son of adiel : and over the treasures in the fields , in the cities , and in the villages , and in the towers , was jonathan the son of uzziah :
all the people went to gilgal ; and there they made saul king before yahweh in gilgal ; and there they offered sacrifices of peace offerings before yahweh ; and there saul and all the men of israel rejoiced greatly .
have n't you poured me out like milk , and curdled me like cheese ?
for it was of yahweh to harden their hearts , to come against israel in battle , that he might utterly destroy them , that they might have no favor , but that he might destroy them , as yahweh commanded moses .
but you said , no , for we will flee on horses ; therefore you will flee ; and , we will ride on the swift ; therefore those who pursue you will be swift .
yahweh , your hand is lifted up , yet they do n't see ; but they will see your zeal for the people , and be disappointed . yes , fire will consume your adversaries .
unleavened bread , unleavened cakes mixed with oil , and unleavened wafers anointed with oil : you shall make them of fine wheat flour .
even as jannes and jambres opposed moses , so do these also oppose the truth ; men corrupted in mind , reprobate concerning the faith .
for ships of kittim shall come against him ; therefore he shall be grieved , and shall return , and have indignation against the holy covenant , and shall do his pleasure : he shall even return , and have regard to those who forsake the holy covenant .
but you will go to your fathers in peace . you will be buried in a good old age .
out of the spoil won in battles did they dedicate to repair the house of yahweh .
he called for lights and sprang in , and , fell down trembling before paul and silas ,
the fifth angel sounded , and i saw a star from the sky which had fallen to the earth . the key to the pit of the abyss was given to him .
so david rose up early , he and his men , to depart in the morning , to return into the land of the philistines . the philistines went up to jezreel .
a great sign was seen in heaven : a woman clothed with the sun , and the moon under her feet , and on her head a crown of twelve stars .
that you may eat and drink at my table in my kingdom . you will sit on thrones , judging the twelve tribes of israel .
the earthen vessel , which he who has the discharge touches , shall be broken ; and every vessel of wood shall be rinsed in water .
command you the people , saying , you are to pass through the border of your brothers the children of esau , who dwell in seir ; and they will be afraid of you : take good heed to yourselves therefore ;
for i know my transgressions . my sin is constantly before me .
thus says yahweh , the god of israel , behold , i will turn back the weapons of war that are in your hands , with which you fight against the king of babylon , and against the chaldeans who besiege you , without the walls ; and i will gather them into the midst of this city .
hear my prayer , yahweh ! let my cry come to you .
so pursue them with your tempest , and terrify them with your storm .
he said these things , and after that , he said to them , our friend , lazarus , has fallen asleep , but i am going so that i may awake him out of sleep .
then men shall say , because they forsook the covenant of yahweh , the god of their fathers , which he made with them when he brought them forth out of the land of egypt ,
now therefore do n't hold him guiltless , for you are a wise man ; and you will know what you ought to do to him , and you shall bring his gray head down to sheol with blood .
the sons of gad lived over against them , in the land of bashan to salecah :
but jonathan did n't hear when his father charged the people with the oath : therefore he put forth the end of the rod who was in his hand , and dipped it in the honeycomb , and put his hand to his mouth ; and his eyes were enlightened .
if then god gave to them the same gift as us , when we believed in the lord jesus christ , who was i , that i could withstand god ?
you were dead through your trespasses and the uncircumcision of your flesh . he made you alive together with him , having forgiven us all our trespasses ,
you shall fall by the sword ; i will judge you in the border of israel ; and you shall know that i am yahweh .
love is patient and is kind ; love does n't envy . love does n't brag , is not proud ,
you shall teach them the statutes and the laws , and shall show them the way in which they must walk , and the work that they must do .
when the mourning was past , david sent and took her home to his house , and she became his wife , and bore him a son . but the thing that david had done displeased yahweh .
the messenger said to david , the men prevailed against us , and came out to us into the field , and we were on them even to the entrance of the gate .
for the earth bears fruit : first the blade , then the ear , then the full grain in the ear .
they were willing therefore to receive him into the boat . immediately the boat was at the land where they were going .
but i tell you that elijah has come , and they have also done to him whatever they wanted to , even as it is written about him .
hushai said moreover , you know your father and his men , that they are mighty men , and they are fierce in their minds , as a bear robbed of her cubs in the field ; and your father is a man of war , and will not lodge with the people .
your father made our yoke grievous : now therefore make you the grievous service of your father , and his heavy yoke which he put on us , lighter , and we will serve you .
neither with you only do i make this covenant and this oath ,
but he answered them , when it is evening , you say , it will be fair weather , for the sky is red . '
thus were the travels of the children of israel according to their armies ; and they set forward .
do n't neglect the gift that is in you , which was given to you by prophecy , with the laying on of the hands of the elders .
in time of security shall he come even on the fattest places of the province ; and he shall do that which his fathers have not done , nor his fathers ' fathers ; he shall scatter among them prey , and spoil , and substance : yes , he shall devise his devices against the strongholds , even for a time .
moses answered them , wait , that i may hear what yahweh will command concerning you .
jeroboam said to his wife , please get up and disguise yourself , that you not be known to be the wife of jeroboam ; and get you to shiloh : behold , there is ahijah the prophet , who spoke concerning me that i should be king over this people .
and desiring to be fed with the crumbs that fell from the rich man 's table . yes , even the dogs came and licked his sores .
azariah the chief priest , of the house of zadok , answered him and said , since the people began to bring the offerings into the house of yahweh , we have eaten and had enough , and have left plenty : for yahweh has blessed his people ; and that which is left is this great store .
that i may give wealth to those who love me . i fill their treasuries .
how then would the scriptures be fulfilled that it must be so ?
they are all plain to him who understands , right to those who find knowledge .
now therefore , if it seem good to the king , let there be search made in the king 's treasure house , which is there at babylon , whether it be so , that a decree was made of cyrus the king to build this house of god at jerusalem ; and let the king send his pleasure to us concerning this matter .
if we say that we have no sin , we deceive ourselves , and the truth is not in us .
the sun will not harm you by day , nor the moon by night .
the mountains quake before him , and the hills melt away . the earth trembles at his presence , yes , the world , and all who dwell in it .
why should you be beaten more , that you revolt more and more ? the whole head is sick , and the whole heart faint .
you shall eat , but not be satisfied . your humiliation will be in your midst . you will store up , but not save ; and that which you save i will give up to the sword .
yahweh has commanded concerning you : no more descendants will bear your name . out of the house of your gods , will i cut off the engraved image and the molten image . i will make your grave , for you are vile .
he brought in the priests and the levites , and gathered them together into the broad place on the east ,
as yahweh commanded moses , so he numbered them in the wilderness of sinai .
let the stars of the twilight of it be dark . let it look for light , but have none , neither let it see the eyelids of the morning ,
it shall happen in the latter days , that the mountain of yahweh 's house shall be established on the top of the mountains , and shall be raised above the hills ; and all nations shall flow to it .
let every wise - hearted man among you come , and make all that yahweh has commanded :
do you open your eyes on such a one , and bring me into judgment with you ?
and you shall keep it until the fourteenth day of the same month ; and the whole assembly of the congregation of israel shall kill it at evening .
yahweh saw that leah was hated , and he opened her womb , but rachel was barren .
if you walk contrary to me , and wo n't listen to me , then i will bring seven times more plagues on you according to your sins .
we 'll find all valuable wealth . we 'll fill our houses with spoil .
and because you are children , god sent out the spirit of his son into your hearts , crying , abba , father !
a wild donkey used to the wilderness , that snuffs up the wind in her desire ; in her occasion who can turn her away ? all those who seek her will not weary themselves ; in her month they shall find her .
it was told him by some saying , your mother and your brothers stand outside , desiring to see you .
the king 's favor is toward a servant who deals wisely , but his wrath is toward one who causes shame .
the father of circumcision to those who not only are of the circumcision , but who also walk in the steps of that faith of our father abraham , which he had in uncircumcision .
his servants conspired against him , and put him to death in his own house .
my enemies reproach me all day . those who are mad at me use my name as a curse .
because of your indignation and your wrath , for you have taken me up , and thrown me away .
only you shall not eat the blood ; you shall pour it out on the earth as water .
believe me that i am in the father , and the father in me ; or else believe me for the very works ' sake .
he who sent me is with me . the father has n't left me alone , for i always do the things that are pleasing to him .
observe that which i command you this day . behold , i drive out before you the amorite , the canaanite , the hittite , the perizzite , the hivite , and the jebusite .
he who loves father or mother more than me is not worthy of me ; and he who loves son or daughter more than me is n't worthy of me .
let us make , please , a little chamber on the wall ; and let us set for him there a bed , and a table , and a seat , and a lamp stand : and it shall be , when he comes to us , that he shall turn in there .
the sons of the prophets who were at bethel came forth to elisha , and said to him , do you know that yahweh will take away your master from your head today ? he said , yes , i know it ; hold your peace .
it is better that you should not vow , than that you should vow and not pay .
then answered david and said to ahimelech the hittite , and to abishai the son of zeruiah , brother to joab , saying , who will go down with me to saul to the camp ? abishai said , i will go down with you .
but i worked for my name 's sake , that it should not be profaned in the sight of the nations , in whose sight i brought them out .
will you show partiality to him ? will you contend for god ?
do n't be deceived , my beloved brothers .
for the mind of the flesh is death , but the mind of the spirit is life and peace ;
on that day yahweh magnified joshua in the sight of all israel ; and they feared him , as they feared moses , all the days of his life .
slanderous men have been in you to shed blood ; and in you they have eaten on the mountains : in the midst of you they have committed lewdness .
when they were by jebus , the day was far spent ; and the servant said to his master , please come and let us turn aside into this city of the jebusites , and lodge in it .
in the fullness of his sufficiency , distress shall overtake him : the hand of everyone who is in misery shall come on him .
from there he went against the inhabitants of debir . ( now the name of debir before was kiriath sepher . )
he said to me , write , blessed are those who are invited to the marriage supper of the lamb . ' he said to me , these are true words of god .
this we will do to them , and let them live ; lest wrath be on us , because of the oath which we swore to them .
he went and joined himself to one of the citizens of that country , and he sent him into his fields to feed pigs .
others , mocking , said , they are filled with new wine .
i said to her , you shall stay with me many days . you shall not play the prostitute , and you shall not be with any other man . i will also be so toward you .
therefore he was obligated in all things to be made like his brothers , that he might become a merciful and faithful high priest in things pertaining to god , to make atonement for the sins of the people .
none of them can by any means redeem his brother , nor give god a ransom for him .
when it was day , he called his disciples , and from them he chose twelve , whom he also named apostles :
while they see for you false visions , while they divine lies to you , to lay you on the necks of the wicked who are deadly wounded , whose day is come in the time of the iniquity of the end .
with absalom went two hundred men out of jerusalem , who were invited , and went in their simplicity ; and they did n't know anything .
however he does n't mean so , neither does his heart think so ; but it is in his heart to destroy , and to cut off not a few nations .
house and riches are an inheritance from fathers , but a prudent wife is from yahweh .
now , israel , what does yahweh your god require of you , but to fear yahweh your god , to walk in all his ways , and to love him , and to serve yahweh your god with all your heart and with all your soul ,
if he brings a lamb as his offering for a sin offering , he shall bring a female without blemish .
he said , i have observed all these things from my youth up .
in the latter time of their kingdom , when the transgressors are come to the full , a king of fierce face , and understanding dark sentences , shall stand up .
they came to jerusalem with psalteries and harps and trumpets to the house of yahweh .
but now , brothers , if i come to you speaking with other languages , what would i profit you , unless i speak to you either by way of revelation , or of knowledge , or of prophesying , or of teaching ?
would your wealth sustain you in distress , or all the might of your strength ?
all the people who were in the city were called together to pursue after them : and they pursued after joshua , and were drawn away from the city .
jacob traveled to succoth , built himself a house , and made shelters for his livestock . therefore the name of the place is called succoth .
and said to them , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , to whom you sent me to present your supplication before him :
they said one to another , we are certainly guilty concerning our brother , in that we saw the distress of his soul , when he begged us , and we would n't listen . therefore this distress has come upon us .
when the jubilee of the children of israel shall be , then will their inheritance be added to the inheritance of the tribe whereunto they shall belong : so will their inheritance be taken away from the inheritance of the tribe of our fathers .
all the cities which you shall give to the levites shall be forty - eight cities ; them shall you give with their suburbs .
then came the word of yahweh to jeremiah , saying ,
neither is it beyond the sea , that you should say , who shall go over the sea for us , and bring it to us , and make us to hear it , that we may do it ?
he who observes the day , observes it to the lord ; and he who does not observe the day , to the lord he does not observe it . he who eats , eats to the lord , for he gives god thanks . he who does n't eat , to the lord he does n't eat , and gives god thanks .
if someone ventures to talk with you , will you be grieved ? but who can withhold himself from speaking ?
and the body of jezebel shall be as dung on the face of the field in the portion of jezreel , so that they shall not say , this is jezebel .
but the man who touches them must be armed with iron and the staff of a spear : they shall be utterly burned with fire in their place
my son , let them not depart from your eyes . keep sound wisdom and discretion :
for he does not afflict willingly , nor grieve the children of men .
to me , the very least of all saints , was this grace given , to preach to the gentiles the unsearchable riches of christ ,
accept , i beg you , the willing offerings of my mouth . yahweh , teach me your ordinances .
i make a decree , that in all the dominion of my kingdom men tremble and fear before the god of daniel ; for he is the living god , and steadfast forever , his kingdom that which shall not be destroyed ; and his dominion shall be even to the end .
when she had brought them near to him to eat , he took hold of her , and said to her , come , lie with me , my sister .
when he has made her drink the water , then it shall happen , if she is defiled , and has committed a trespass against her husband , that the water that causes the curse will enter into her and become bitter , and her body will swell , and her thigh will fall away : and the woman will be a curse among her people .
now there were with us seven brothers . the first married and died , and having no seed left his wife to his brother .
at the return of the year king nebuchadnezzar sent , and brought him to babylon , with the goodly vessels of the house of yahweh , and made zedekiah his brother king over judah and jerusalem .
the anger of yahweh shall not return , until he has executed , and until he have performed the intents of his heart : in the latter days you shall understand it perfectly .
most assuredly i tell you , whatever things you will bind on earth will be have been bound in heaven , and whatever things you will release on earth will have been released in heaven .
let the house of aaron now say that his loving kindness endures forever .
moses said to the judges of israel , kill you everyone his men who have joined themselves to baal peor .
he has put in his heart that he may teach , both he , and oholiab , the son of ahisamach , of the tribe of dan .
because of this , he must offer sacrifices for sins for the people , as well as for himself .
why did the knees receive me ? or why the breast , that i should suck ?
yes , while i was speaking in prayer , the man gabriel , whom i had seen in the vision at the beginning , being caused to fly swiftly , touched me about the time of the evening offering .
let brotherly love continue .
they shall no more sacrifice their sacrifices to the goat idols , after which they play the prostitute . this shall be a statute forever to them throughout their generations . '
who can bring a clean thing out of an unclean ? not one .
sorrowing most of all because of the word which he had spoken , that they should see his face no more . and they accompanied him to the ship .
his division , and those who were numbered of them , were seventy - four thousand six hundred .
he said to me , son of man , see you what they do ? even the great abominations that the house of israel do commit here , that i should go far off from my sanctuary ? but you shall again see yet other great abominations .
since the world began it has never been heard of that anyone opened the eyes of someone born blind .
moses said , consecrate yourselves today to yahweh , yes , every man against his son , and against his brother ; that he may bestow on you a blessing this day .
the watchman said , the morning comes , and also the night . if you will inquire , inquire . come back again .
the sun to rule by day ; for his loving kindness endures forever ;
in that day , says yahweh , there will be the noise of a cry from the fish gate , a wailing from the second quarter , and a great crashing from the hills .
i will open rivers on the bare heights , and springs in the midst of the valleys . i will make the wilderness a pool of water , and the dry land springs of water .
i will remember yah 's deeds ; for i will remember your wonders of old .
now therefore know and consider what you will do ; for evil is determined against our master , and against all his house : for he is such a worthless fellow that one ca n't speak to him .
so jehu the son of jehoshaphat the son of nimshi conspired against joram . ( now joram was keeping ramoth gilead , he and all israel , because of hazael king of syria ;
for the ways of man are before the eyes of yahweh . he examines all his paths .
nevertheless they did n't depart from the sins of the house of jeroboam , with which he made israel to sin , but walked therein : and there remained the asherah also in samaria . )
then came jeremiah from topheth , where yahweh had sent him to prophesy ; and he stood in the court of yahweh 's house , and said to all the people :
the children of benjamin did so , and took them wives , according to their number , of those who danced , whom they carried off : and they went and returned to their inheritance , and built the cities , and lived in them .
on the fourth day ten bulls , two rams , fourteen male lambs a year old without blemish ;
he said to them , lodge here this night , and i will bring you word again , as yahweh shall speak to me : and the princes of moab abode with balaam .
you shall not oppress a hired servant who is poor and needy , whether he be of your brothers , or of your foreigners who are in your land within your gates :
but he , turning around , and seeing his disciples , rebuked peter , and said , get behind me , satan ! for you have in mind not the things of god , but the things of men .
but we ourselves will be ready armed to go before the children of israel , until we have brought them to their place : and our little ones shall dwell in the fortified cities because of the inhabitants of the land .
judah said to his brothers , what profit is it if we kill our brother and conceal his blood ?
the jordan was the border of it on the east quarter . this was the inheritance of the children of benjamin , by the borders of it round about , according to their families .
for thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel : houses and fields and vineyards shall yet again be bought in this land .
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old , everyone who entered in to do the work of service , and the work of bearing burdens in the tent of meeting ,
by this was god 's love revealed in us , that god has sent his one and only son into the world that we might live through him .
and with you will i break in pieces the horse and his rider ;
he shall burn the garment , whether the warp or the woof , in wool or in linen , or anything of skin , in which the plague is : for it is a destructive mildew . it shall be burned in the fire .
and the cloth that had been on his head , not lying with the linen cloths , but rolled up in a place by itself .
but when he saw many of the pharisees and sadducees coming for his baptism , he said to them , you offspring of vipers , who warned you to flee from the wrath to come ?
he said to the disciples , the days will come , when you will desire to see one of the days of the son of man , and you will not see it .
it was a sabbath when jesus made the mud and opened his eyes .
yahweh , you have seen my wrong ; judge you my cause .
if a man lies with his uncle 's wife , he has uncovered his uncle 's nakedness : they shall bear their sin ; they shall die childless .
they grieved isaac 's and rebekah 's spirits .
now therefore , my lord , as yahweh lives , and as your soul lives , seeing yahweh has withheld you from blood guiltiness , and from avenging yourself with your own hand , now therefore let your enemies , and those who seek evil to my lord , be as nabal .
for you are the god of my strength . why have you rejected me ? why do i go mourning because of the oppression of the enemy ?
now the rest of the acts of ahab , and all that he did , and the ivory house which he built , and all the cities that he built , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of israel ?
they brought him to him , and when he saw him , immediately the spirit convulsed him , and he fell on the ground , wallowing and foaming at the mouth .
truth springs out of the earth . righteousness has looked down from heaven .
he sent among them swarms of flies , which devoured them ; and frogs , which destroyed them .
now there were four leprous men at the entrance of the gate : and they said one to another , why sit we here until we die ?
he said , come ! peter stepped down from the boat , and walked on the waters to come to jesus .
now he who made us for this very thing is god , who also gave to us the down payment of the spirit .
do n't give your strength to women , nor your ways to that which destroys kings .
see , yahweh ; for i am in distress ; my heart is troubled ; my heart is turned within me ; for i have grievously rebelled : abroad the sword bereaves , at home there is as death .
i will praise you , lord my god , with my whole heart . i will glorify your name forevermore .
the burden of babylon , which isaiah the son of amoz saw :
lest i strip her naked , and make her bare as in the day that she was born , and make her like a wilderness , and set her like a dry land , and kill her with thirst .
but he denied it before them all , saying , i do n't know what you are talking about .
foreigners will dwell in ashdod , and i will cut off the pride of the philistines .
the first went , and poured out his bowl into the earth , and it became a harmful and evil sore on the people who had the mark of the beast , and who worshiped his image .
he teaches my hands to war ; so that my arms bend a bow of bronze .
he shall bring the bull to the door of the tent of meeting before yahweh ; and he shall lay his hand on the head of the bull , and kill the bull before yahweh .
let me sing for my well beloved a song of my beloved about his vineyard . my beloved had a vineyard on a very fruitful hill .
and out of the city he took an officer who was set over the men of war ; and seven men of those who saw the king 's face , who were found in the city ; and the scribe of the captain of the army , who mustered the people of the land ; and sixty men of the people of the land , who were found in the midst of the city .
and will make an offering by fire to yahweh , a burnt offering , or a sacrifice , to accomplish a vow , or as a freewill offering , or in your set feasts , to make a sweet savor to yahweh , of the herd , or of the flock ;
in the same day both abraham and ishmael , his son , were circumcised .
now david went back and forth from saul to feed his father 's sheep at bethlehem .
now therefore , if you will indeed obey my voice , and keep my covenant , then you shall be my own possession from among all peoples ; for all the earth is mine ;
neither have we obeyed the voice of yahweh our god , to walk in his laws , which he set before us by his servants the prophets .
may the high praises of god be in their mouths , and a two - edged sword in their hand ;
saying , do n't touch my anointed ones , do my prophets no harm .
an honest answer is like a kiss on the lips .
great is yahweh , and greatly to be praised , in the city of our god , in his holy mountain .
there was a great famine in samaria : and behold , they besieged it , until a donkey 's head was sold for eighty pieces of silver , and the fourth part of a kab of dove 's dung for five pieces of silver .
so i will sing praise to your name forever , that i may fulfill my vows daily .
it will happen in that day , that living waters will go out from jerusalem ; half of them toward the eastern sea , and half of them toward the western sea ; in summer and in winter will it be .
if they be married to any of the sons of the other tribes of the children of israel , then will their inheritance be taken away from the inheritance of our fathers , and will be added to the inheritance of the tribe whereunto they shall belong : so will it be taken away from the lot of our inheritance .
a foolish son is the calamity of his father . a wife 's quarrels are a continual dripping .
there went out a champion out of the camp of the philistines , named goliath , of gath , whose height was six cubits and a span .
then i returned and saw all the oppressions that are done under the sun : and behold , the tears of those who were oppressed , and they had no comforter ; and on the side of their oppressors there was power ; but they had no comforter .
now it happened on the third day , that esther put on her royal clothing , and stood in the inner court of the king 's house , over against the king 's house : and the king sat on his royal throne in the royal house , over against the entrance of the house .
he took agag the king of the amalekites alive , and utterly destroyed all the people with the edge of the sword .
they baked unleavened cakes of the dough which they brought forth out of egypt ; for it was n't leavened , because they were thrust out of egypt , and could n't wait , neither had they prepared for themselves any food .
so david prevailed over the philistine with a sling and with a stone , and struck the philistine , and killed him ; but there was no sword in the hand of david .
therefore i tell you , all things whatever you pray and ask for , believe that you have received them , and you shall have them .
you shall sell me food for money , that i may eat ; and give me water for money , that i may drink : only let me pass through on my feet ,
and jehoiakim the king sent men into egypt , namely , elnathan the son of achbor , and certain men with him , into egypt ;
so naomi returned , and ruth the moabitess , her daughter - in - law , with her , who returned out of the country of moab : and they came to bethlehem in the beginning of barley harvest .
having the same conflict which you saw in me , and now hear is in me .
be careful that you do n't do your charitable giving before men , to be seen by them , or else you have no reward from your father who is in heaven .
jacob did so , and fulfilled her week . he gave him rachel his daughter as wife .
lord , i beg you , let now your ear be attentive to the prayer of your servant , and to the prayer of your servants , who delight to fear your name ; and please prosper your servant this day , and grant him mercy in the sight of this man . now i was cup bearer to the king .
on the next day , he was determined to go out into galilee , and he found philip . jesus said to him , follow me .
jehoshaphat slept with his fathers , and was buried with his fathers in the city of david his father ; jehoram his son reigned in his place .
seeing that you seek a proof of christ who speaks in me ; who toward you is not weak , but is powerful in you .
abimelech fought against the city all that day ; and he took the city , and killed the people who were therein : and he beat down the city , and sowed it with salt .
it shall be on aaron 's forehead , and aaron shall bear the iniquity of the holy things , which the children of israel shall make holy in all their holy gifts ; and it shall be always on his forehead , that they may be accepted before yahweh .
and all their wealth . they took captive all their little ones and their wives , and took as plunder everything that was in the house .
i tell you that he will avenge them quickly . nevertheless , when the son of man comes , will he find faith on the earth ?
in their streets , they dress themselves in sackcloth . in their streets and on their housetops , everyone wails , weeping abundantly .
he works to the north , but i ca n't see him ; he turns south , but i ca n't catch a glimpse of him .
therefore the fathers shall eat the sons in the midst of you , and the sons shall eat their fathers ; and i will execute judgments on you ; and the whole remnant of you will i scatter to all the winds .
for whoever will be ashamed of me and of my words , of him will the son of man be ashamed , when he comes in his glory , and the glory of the father , and of the holy angels .
blessed is the nation whose god is yahweh , the people whom he has chosen for his own inheritance .
they cut their provender in the field . they glean the vineyard of the wicked .
but concerning the resurrection of the dead , have n't you read that which was spoken to you by god , saying ,
therefore they will carry away the abundance they have gotten , and that which they have stored up , over the brook of the willows .
that which the rest of the people gave was twenty thousand darics of gold , and two thousand minas of silver , and sixty - seven priests ' garments .
and we will take ten men of one hundred throughout all the tribes of israel , and one hundred of one thousand , and a thousand out of ten thousand , to get food for the people , that they may do , when they come to gibeah of benjamin , according to all the folly that they have worked in israel .
likewise when all the jews who were in moab , and among the children of ammon , and in edom , and who were in all the countries , heard that the king of babylon had left a remnant of judah , and that he had set over them gedaliah the son of ahikam , the son of shaphan ;
again , assuredly i tell you , that if two of you will agree on earth concerning anything that they will ask , it will be done for them by my father who is in heaven .
it happened in the month nisan , in the twentieth year of artaxerxes the king , when wine was before him , that i took up the wine , and gave it to the king . now i had not been before sad in his presence .
a perverse heart will be far from me . i will have nothing to do with evil .
you shall not uncover the nakedness of your father 's sister : she is your father 's near kinswoman .
he will say , cast up , cast up , prepare the way , take up the stumbling - block out of the way of my people .
he took food and was strengthened . saul stayed several days with the disciples who were at damascus .
but absalom pressed him , and he let amnon and all the king 's sons go with him .
then went abimelech to thebez , and encamped against thebez , and took it .
the skillfully woven band that was on it , with which to fasten it on , was of the same piece , like its work ; of gold , of blue , purple , scarlet , and fine twined linen ; as yahweh commanded moses .
all the saints greet you .
if it seem evil to you to serve yahweh , choose you this day whom you will serve ; whether the gods which your fathers served that were beyond the river , or the gods of the amorites , in whose land you dwell : but as for me and my house , we will serve yahweh .
a certain man saw it , and told joab , and said , behold , i saw absalom hanging in an oak .
for i speak to you who are gentiles . since then as i am an apostle to gentiles , i glorify my ministry ;
now at that time the king of babylon 's army was besieging jerusalem ; and jeremiah the prophet was shut up in the court of the guard , which was in the king of judah 's house .
for a multitude of the people , even many of ephraim and manasseh , issachar and zebulun , had not cleansed themselves , yet did they eat the passover otherwise than it is written . for hezekiah had prayed for them , saying , the good yahweh pardon everyone
like as a woman with child , who draws near the time of her delivery , is in pain and cries out in her pangs ; so we have been before you , yahweh .
for the son of man will come in the glory of his father with his angels , and then he will render to everyone according to his deeds .
abimelech chased him , and he fled before him , and there fell many wounded , even to the entrance of the gate .
when they were by the house of micah , they knew the voice of the young man the levite ; and they turned aside there , and said to him , who brought you here ? and what do you in this place ? and what have you here ?
then said david , will the men of keilah deliver up to me and my men into the hand of saul ? yahweh said , they will deliver you up .
jethro rejoiced for all the goodness which yahweh had done to israel , in that he had delivered them out of the hand of the egyptians .
therefore will i give their wives to others , and their fields to those who shall possess them : for everyone from the least even to the greatest is given to covetousness ; from the prophet even to the priest every one deals falsely .
thomas answered him , my lord and my god !
but in his own time revealed his word in the message with which i was entrusted according to the commandment of god our savior ;
then washed i you with water ; yes , i thoroughly washed away your blood from you , and i anointed you with oil .
the sluggard says , there is a lion outside ! i will be killed in the streets !
nebuchadnezzar king of babylon came to the city , while his servants were besieging it ;
in the second year of joash son of joahaz king of israel began amaziah the son of joash king of judah to reign .
they have made it a desolation ; it mourns to me , being desolate ; the whole land is made desolate , because no man lays it to heart .
the finely worked garmentsthe holy garments for aaron the priestthe garments of his sons to minister in the priest 's office ,
it happened , when they had eaten up the grain which they had brought out of egypt , their father said to them , go again , buy us a little more food .
behold , as your life was much set by this day in my eyes , so let my life be much set by in the eyes of yahweh , and let him deliver me out of all oppression .
see now that i , even i , am he , there is no god with me : i kill , and i make alive ; i wound , and i heal ; there is none who can deliver out of my hand .
but even in those days , says yahweh , i will not make a full end with you .
listen , islands , to me ; and listen , you peoples , from far : yahweh has called me from the womb ; from the bowels of my mother has he made mention of my name :
therefore i began to cause my heart to despair concerning all the labor in which i had labored under the sun .
in the thirty - eighth year of asa king of judah began ahab the son of omri to reign over israel : and ahab the son of omri reigned over israel in samaria twenty - two years .
through you , will we push down our adversaries . through your name , will we tread them under who rise up against us .
then that which was spoken through jeremiah the prophet was fulfilled , saying , they took the thirty pieces of silver , the price of him upon whom a price had been set , whom some of the children of israel priced ,
edom shall become an astonishment : everyone who passes by it shall be astonished , and shall hiss at all the plagues of it .
but thanks be to god , that , whereas you were bondservants of sin , you became obedient from the heart to that form of teaching whereunto you were delivered .
six years you shall sow your field , and six years you shall prune your vineyard , and gather in its fruits ;
it happened , while they were greatly perplexed about this , behold , two men stood by them in dazzling clothing .
he sent hadoram his son to king david , to greet him , and to bless him , because he had fought against hadarezer and struck him ; ( for hadarezer had wars with tou ;) and he had with him all manner of vessels of gold and silver and brass .
we said to my lord , the boy ca n't leave his father : for if he should leave his father , his father would die . '
do n't incline my heart to any evil thing , to practice deeds of wickedness with men who work iniquity . do n't let me eat of their delicacies .
bear one another 's burdens , and so fulfill the law of christ .
tell wisdom , you are my sister . call understanding your relative ,
simon peter went up , and drew the net to land , full of great fish , one hundred fifty - three ; and even though there were so many , the net was n't torn .
your silver and your gold is mine ; your wives also and your children , even the best , are mine .
for none of us lives to himself , and none dies to himself .
even those did cyrus king of persia bring forth by the hand of mithredath the treasurer , and numbered them to sheshbazzar , the prince of judah .
and you shall break down their altars , and dash in pieces their pillars , and burn their asherim with fire ; and you shall cut down the engraved images of their gods ; and you shall destroy their name out of that place .
and there were six steps to the throne , with a footstool of gold , which were fastened to the throne , and stays on either side by the place of the seat , and two lions standing beside the stays .
has he struck them as he struck those who struck them ? or are they killed like those who killed them were killed ?
but you , god , will bring them down into the pit of destruction . bloodthirsty and deceitful men shall not live out half their days , but i will trust in you .
nob , the city of the priests , struck he with the edge of the sword , both men and women , children and nursing babies , and oxen and donkeys and sheep , with the edge of the sword .
you say also , behold , what a weariness it is ! ' and you have sniffed at it , says yahweh of armies ; and you have brought that which was taken by violence , the lame , and the sick ; thus you bring the offering . should i accept this at your hand ? says yahweh .
then said jeremiah to them , thus shall you tell zedekiah :
he chooses our inheritance for us , the glory of jacob whom he loved . selah .
having been reminded of the unfeigned faith that is in you ; which lived first in your grandmother lois , and your mother eunice , and , i am persuaded , in you also .
you shall tell them , this is the nation that has not listened to the voice of yahweh their god , nor received instruction : truth is perished , and is cut off from their mouth .
wisdom rests in the heart of one who has understanding , and is even made known in the inward part of fools .
and he shall lay his hand on its head , and kill it before the tent of meeting ; and the sons of aaron shall sprinkle its blood on the altar round about .
the second took her as wife , and he died childless .
hide me from the conspiracy of the wicked , from the noisy crowd of the ones doing evil ;
who gave him a charge over the earth ? or who has appointed him over the whole world ?
they shall live , and to him shall be given of the gold of sheba . men shall pray for him continually . they shall bless him all day long .
who is this king of glory ? yahweh of armies , he is the king of glory . selah .
you have despised my holy things , and have profaned my sabbaths .
now you say , go , tell your lord , behold , elijah is here ; and he will kill me .
immediately he took soldiers and centurions , and ran down to them . they , when they saw the chief captain and the soldiers , stopped beating paul .
the poles shall be in the rings of the ark . they shall not be taken from it .
i will surely hide my face in that day for all the evil which they shall have worked , in that they are turned to other gods .
on an appointed day , herod dressed himself in royal clothing , sat on the throne , and gave a speech to them .
ezra the priest brought the law before the assembly , both men and women , and all who could hear with understanding , on the first day of the seventh month .
but when moses went in before yahweh to speak with him , he took the veil off , until he came out ; and he came out , and spoke to the children of israel that which he was commanded .
for your servants take pleasure in her stones , and have pity on her dust .
a fool shows his annoyance the same day , but one who overlooks an insult is prudent .
my soul has observed your testimonies . i love them exceedingly .
you returned and wept before yahweh ; but yahweh did n't listen to your voice , nor gave ear to you .
how much more will the blood of christ , who through the eternal spirit offered himself without blemish to god , cleanse your conscience from dead works to serve the living god ?
when they had mocked him , they took the robe off of him , and put his clothes on him , and led him away to crucify him .
behold , a king shall reign in righteousness , and princes shall rule in justice .
i turned to see the voice that spoke with me . having turned , i saw seven golden lampstands .
because they have forsaken me , and have burned incense to other gods , that they might provoke me to anger with all the works of their hands ; therefore is my wrath poured out on this place , and it shall not be quenched .
for he will deliver you from the snare of the fowler , and from the deadly pestilence .
nevertheless leave the stump of its roots in the earth , even with a band of iron and brass , in the tender grass of the field ; and let it be wet with the dew of the sky : and let his portion be with the animals in the grass of the earth :
in beatings , in imprisonments , in riots , in labors , in watchings , in fastings ;
as babylon has caused the slain of israel to fall , so at babylon shall fall the slain of all the land .
rehoboam went to shechem : for all israel were come to shechem to make him king .
wo n't the uncircumcision which is by nature , if it fulfills the law , judge you , who with the letter and circumcision are a transgressor of the law ?
isaiah said these things when he saw his glory , and spoke of him .
he brought them to the border of his sanctuary , to this mountain , which his right hand had taken .
he made the boards for the tent : twenty boards for the south side southward .
those who devise mischief in their hearts . they continually gather themselves together for war .
for the king 's word is supreme . who can say to him , what are you doing ?
the disciples told him , rabbi , the jews were just trying to stone you , and are you going there again ?
your adversaries have roared in the midst of your assembly . they have set up their standards as signs .
on this i awakened , and saw ; and my sleep was sweet to me .
like cold water to a thirsty soul , so is good news from a far country .
we know that god does n't listen to sinners , but if anyone is a worshipper of god , and does his will , he listens to him .
yet was she carried away . she went into captivity . her young children also were dashed in pieces at the head of all the streets , and they cast lots for her honorable men , and all her great men were bound in chains .
the taskmasters of the people went out , and their officers , and they spoke to the people , saying , this is what pharaoh says : i will not give you straw .
after him ibzan of bethlehem judged israel .
yahweh sent an angel , who cut off all the mighty men of valor , and the leaders and captains , in the camp of the king of assyria . so he returned with shame of face to his own land . when he was come into the house of his god , those who came forth from his own bowels killed him there with the sword .
as for me , in the first year of darius the mede , i stood up to confirm and strengthen him .
he shall dwell in that city , until he stand before the congregation for judgment , until the death of the high priest that shall be in those days : then shall the manslayer return , and come to his own city , and to his own house , to the city from whence he fled .
you shall not add to the word which i command you , neither shall you diminish from it , that you may keep the commandments of yahweh your god which i command you .
i will bless her , and moreover i will give you a son by her . yes , i will bless her , and she will be a mother of nations . kings of peoples will come from her .
even the dust from your city that clings to us , we wipe off against you . nevertheless know this , that the kingdom of god has come near to you . '
you shall see it , and your heart shall rejoice , and your bones shall flourish like the tender grass : and the hand of yahweh shall be known toward his servants ; and he will have indignation against his enemies .
moreover i will make you a desolation and a reproach among the nations that are round about you , in the sight of all that pass by .
one golden ladle of ten shekels , full of incense ;
however the high places were not taken away ; the people still sacrificed and burnt incense in the high places .
therefore thus says yahweh , who redeemed abraham , concerning the house of jacob : jacob shall no longer be ashamed , neither shall his face grow pale .
i speak by way of disparagement , as though we had been weak . yet however any is bold ( i speak in foolishness ) , i am bold also .
samuel took a sucking lamb , and offered it for a whole burnt offering to yahweh : and samuel cried to yahweh for israel ; and yahweh answered him .
of gold by weight for the vessels of gold , for all vessels of every kind of service ; of silver for all the vessels of silver by weight , for all vessels of every kind of service ;
i will betroth you to me forever . yes , i will betroth you to me in righteousness , in justice , in loving kindness , and in compassion .
ephraim surrounds me with falsehood , and the house of israel with deceit . judah still strays from god , and is unfaithful to the holy one .
therefore her young men shall fall in her streets , and all the men of war shall be brought to silence in that day , says yahweh of armies .
for we know that the whole creation groans and travails in pain together until now .
have mercy on me , yahweh , for i am faint . yahweh , heal me , for my bones are troubled .
if gilead is wicked , surely they are worthless . in gilgal they sacrifice bulls . indeed , their altars are like heaps in the furrows of the field .
but peter said to him , may your silver perish with you , because you thought you could obtain the gift of god with money !
now it was in the heart of david my father to build a house for the name of yahweh , the god of israel .
draw water for the siege . strengthen your fortresses . go into the clay , and tread the mortar . make the brick kiln strong .
they called to lot , and said to him , where are the men who came in to you this night ? bring them out to us , that we may have sex with them .
they asked him , tell us : by what authority do you do these things ? or who is giving you this authority ?
i am still confident of this : i will see the goodness of yahweh in the land of the living .
this thing became a sin ; for the people went to worship before the one , even to dan .
the doors of the side chambers were toward the place that was left , one door toward the north , and another door toward the south : and the breadth of the place that was left was five cubits round about .
the king of assyria carried israel away to assyria , and put them in halah , and on the habor , the river of gozan , and in the cities of the medes ,
i thank my god whenever i remember you ,
i have put my words in your mouth , and have covered you in the shadow of my hand , that i may plant the heavens , and lay the foundations of the earth , and tell zion , you are my people .
but to wear sandals , and not put on two tunics .
he took it into his hands , and went on , eating as he went ; and he came to his father and mother , and gave to them , and they ate : but he did n't tell them that he had taken the honey out of the body of the lion .
for you know the grace of our lord jesus christ , that , though he was rich , yet for your sakes he became poor , that you through his poverty might become rich .
as he was going out into the way , one ran to him , knelt before him , and asked him , good teacher , what shall i do that i may inherit eternal life ?
the young man who told him said , as i happened by chance on mount gilboa , behold , saul was leaning on his spear ; and behold , the chariots and the horsemen followed hard after him .
drought and heat consume the snow waters ; so does sheol those who have sinned .
bel bows down , nebo stoops ; their idols are on the animals , and on the livestock : the things that you carried about are made a load , a burden to the weary animal .
joseph said to them , what deed is this that you have done ? do n't you know that such a man as i can indeed divine ?
take the choice of the flock , and also a pile of wood for the bones under the caldron ; make it boil well ; yes , let the bones of it be boiled in the midst of it .
to the woman he said , i will greatly multiply your pain in childbirth . in pain you will bring forth children . your desire will be for your husband , and he will rule over you .
they shall build houses , and inhabit them ; and they shall plant vineyards , and eat the fruit of them .
he was there with yahweh forty days and forty nights ; he neither ate bread , nor drank water . he wrote on the tablets the words of the covenant , the ten commandments .
the day that you stood before yahweh your god in horeb , when yahweh said to me , assemble me the people , and i will make them hear my words , that they may learn to fear me all the days that they live on the earth , and that they may teach their children .
since it is a righteous thing with god to repay affliction to those who afflict you ,
yet , yahweh , you know all their counsel against me to kill me ; do n't forgive their iniquity , neither blot out their sin from your sight ; but let them be overthrown before you ; deal you with them in the time of your anger .
whose voice shook the earth , then , but now he has promised , saying , yet once more i will shake not only the earth , but also the heavens .
not of works , that no one would boast .
whom will he teach knowledge ? to whom will he explain the message ? those who are weaned from the milk , and drawn from the breasts ?
and resen between nineveh and calah ( the same is the great city ) .
is this thing done by my lord the king , and you have n't shown to your servants who should sit on the throne of my lord the king after him ?
therefore let him who speaks in another language pray that he may interpret .
it happened , as he came near jericho , a certain blind man sat by the road , begging .
thus says yahweh to this people , even so have they loved to wander ; they have not refrained their feet : therefore yahweh does not accept them ; now he will remember their iniquity , and visit their sins .
but when the chief priests and the scribes saw the wonderful things that he did , and the children who were crying in the temple and saying , hosanna to the son of david ! they were indignant ,
sarah , my master 's wife , bore a son to my master when she was old . he has given all that he has to him .
declare his glory among the nations , his marvelous works among all the peoples .
wisdom is before the face of one who has understanding , but the eyes of a fool wander to the ends of the earth .
now it happened in the days of ahasuerus ( this is ahasuerus who reigned from india even to ethiopia , over one hundred twenty - seven provinces ) ,
who confirms the word of his servant , and performs the counsel of his messengers ; who says of jerusalem , she shall be inhabited ; and of the cities of judah , they shall be built , and i will raise up the waste places of it ;
this is the cause why joshua did circumcise : all the people who came forth out of egypt , who were males , even all the men of war , died in the wilderness by the way , after they came forth out of egypt .
now therefore let your hands be strong , and be you valiant ; for saul your lord is dead , and also the house of judah have anointed me king over them .
the mouth of the righteous is a spring of life , but violence covers the mouth of the wicked .
the ones who had been sent were from the pharisees .
for whatever is born of god overcomes the world . this is the victory that has overcome the world : your faith .
the priest of jupiter , whose temple was in front of their city , brought oxen and garlands to the gates , and would have made a sacrifice along with the multitudes .
when his disciples , james and john , saw this , they said , lord , do you want us to command fire to come down from the sky , and destroy them , just as elijah did ?
he shall keep in order the lamps on the pure gold lampstand before yahweh continually .
does he thank that servant because he did the things that were commanded ? i think not .
who was faithful to him who appointed him , as also was moses in all his house .
philip opened his mouth , and beginning from this scripture , preached to him jesus .
you offspring of vipers , how can you , being evil , speak good things ? for out of the abundance of the heart , the mouth speaks .
his splendor is like the sunrise . rays shine from his hand , where his power is hidden .
someone told jacob , and said , behold , your son joseph comes to you , and israel strengthened himself , and sat on the bed .
for i will give you a mouth and wisdom which all your adversaries will not be able to withstand or to contradict .
if your brother , the son of your mother , or your son , or your daughter , or the wife of your bosom , or your friend , who is as your own soul , entice you secretly , saying , let us go and serve other gods , which you have not known , you , nor your fathers ;
when did we see you sick , or in prison , and come to you ? '
when she recognized peter 's voice , she did n't open the gate for joy , but ran in , and reported that peter was standing in front of the gate .
joshua said , hereby you shall know that the living god is among you , and that he will without fail drive out from before you the canaanite , and the hittite , and the hivite , and the perizzite , and the girgashite , and the amorite , and the jebusite .
but on the next day they left the horsemen to go with him , and returned to the barracks .
there shall be no yeast seen with you in all your borders seven days ; neither shall any of the flesh , which you sacrifice the first day at even , remain all night until the morning .
jesus said to him , today , salvation has come to this house , because he also is a son of abraham .
all the kings of the earth sought the presence of solomon , to hear his wisdom , which god had put in his heart .
yet a little while , and the world will see me no more ; but you will see me . because i live , you will live also .
and for the sacrifice of peace offerings , two oxen , five rams , five male goats , and five male lambs a year old . this was the offering of eliab the son of helon .
then they laid their hands on them , and they received the holy spirit .
the seven angels who had the seven trumpets prepared themselves to sound .
moses said to aaron , take your censer , and put fire therein from off the altar , and lay incense thereon , and carry it quickly to the congregation , and make atonement for them : for there is wrath gone out from yahweh ; the plague is begun .
the king said , let him turn to his own house , but let him not see my face . so absalom turned to his own house , and did n't see the king 's face .
but his face fell at that saying , and he went away sorrowful , for he was one who had great possessions .
surely you shall not come into the land , concerning which i swore that i would make you dwell therein , save caleb the son of jephunneh , and joshua the son of nun .
and when we cried to yahweh , he heard our voice , and sent an angel , and brought us forth out of egypt : and behold , we are in kadesh , a city in the uttermost of your border .
but there shall be no more gloom for her who was in anguish . in the former time , he brought into contempt the land of zebulun and the land of naphtali ; but in the latter time he has made it glorious , by the way of the sea , beyond the jordan , galilee of the nations .
for his eyes are on the ways of a man , he sees all his goings .
it happened that the beggar died , and that he was carried away by the angels to abraham 's bosom . the rich man also died , and was buried .
they , when they heard it , were glad , and promised to give him money . he sought how he might conveniently deliver him .
blessed shall you be in the city , and blessed shall you be in the field .
but the queen vashti refused to come at the king 's commandment by the chamberlains : therefore was the king very angry , and his anger burned in him .
so that i come again to my father 's house in peace , and yahweh will be my god ,
every male among the priests shall eat of it : it is most holy .
in this love has been made perfect among us , that we may have boldness in the day of judgment , because as he is , even so are we in this world .
who also made us sufficient as servants of a new covenant ; not of the letter , but of the spirit . for the letter kills , but the spirit gives life .
he shall not honor his father or mother . ' you have made the commandment of god void because of your tradition .
david did as god commanded him : and they struck the army of the philistines from gibeon even to gezer .
we , being jews by nature , and not gentile sinners ,
but if he shall make them null and void after that he has heard them , then he shall bear her iniquity .
according to the foreknowledge of god the father , in sanctification of the spirit , that you may obey jesus christ and be sprinkled in his blood : grace to you and peace be multiplied .
let your father and your mother be glad ! let her who bore you rejoice !
behold , this is the joy of his way : out of the earth shall others spring .
he does n't withdraw his eyes from the righteous , but with kings on the throne , he sets them forever , and they are exalted .
david abode in the wilderness in the strongholds , and remained in the hill country in the wilderness of ziph . saul sought him every day , but god did n't deliver him into his hand .
there were beams in three rows , and window was over against window in three ranks .
appoint for you three men of each tribe : and i will send them , and they shall arise , and walk through the land , and describe it according to their inheritance ; and they shall come to me .
the earth will stagger like a drunken man , and will sway back and forth like a hammock . its disobedience will be heavy on it , and it will fall and not rise again .
therefore seeing we have this ministry , even as we obtained mercy , we do n't faint .
they shall bring all your brothers out of all the nations for an offering to yahweh , on horses , and in chariots , and in litters , and on mules , and on dromedaries , to my holy mountain jerusalem , says yahweh , as the children of israel bring their offering in a clean vessel into the house of yahweh .
when the servant of the man of god was risen early , and gone forth , behold , an army with horses and chariots was round about the city . his servant said to him , alas , my master ! how shall we do ?
jesus said to him , because you have seen me , you have believed . blessed are those who have not seen , and have believed .
all vision has become to you like the words of a book that is sealed , which men deliver to one who is educated , saying , read this , please ; and he says , i ca n't , for it is sealed :
speak also to the children of israel , saying , most assuredly you shall keep my sabbaths : for it is a sign between me and you throughout your generations ; that you may know that i am yahweh who sanctifies you .
then king david sent , and fetched him out of the house of machir the son of ammiel , from lo debar .
unless those days had been shortened , no flesh would have been saved . but for the sake of the chosen ones , those days will be shortened .
also hosah , of the children of merari , had sons : shimri the chief , ( for though he was not the firstborn , yet his father made him chief ) ,
for the kingdom of god is not in word , but in power .
to the beloved apphia , to archippus , our fellow soldier , and to the assembly in your house :
and have cast their gods into the fire ; for they were no gods , but the work of men 's hands , wood and stone ; therefore they have destroyed them .
he made from one blood every nation of men to dwell on all the surface of the earth , having determined appointed seasons , and the boundaries of their dwellings ,
because they have forsaken me , and have burned incense to other gods , that they might provoke me to anger with all the work of their hands , therefore my wrath shall be kindled against this place , and it shall not be quenched .
mordecai told him of all that had happened to him , and the exact sum of the money that haman had promised to pay to the king 's treasuries for the jews , to destroy them .
all the presidents of the kingdom , the deputies and the satraps , the counselors and the governors , have consulted together to establish a royal statute , and to make a strong interdict , that whoever shall ask a petition of any god or man for thirty days , save of you , o king , he shall be cast into the den of lions .
yahweh god said , behold , the man has become like one of us , knowing good and evil . now , lest he put forth his hand , and also take of the tree of life , and eat , and live forever ...
and take double money in your hand , and take back the money that was returned in the mouth of your sacks . perhaps it was an oversight .
furthermore , my son , be admonished : of making many books there is no end ; and much study is a weariness of the flesh .
we inform the king that , if this city be built , and the walls finished , by this means you shall have no portion beyond the river .
but abishai the son of zeruiah helped him , and struck the philistine , and killed him . then the men of david swore to him , saying , you shall go no more out with us to battle , that you do n't quench the lamp of israel .
moab has been at ease from his youth , and he has settled on his lees , and has not been emptied from vessel to vessel , neither has he gone into captivity : therefore his taste remains in him , and his scent is not changed .
immediately all the multitude , when they saw him , were greatly amazed , and running to him greeted him .
all were weeping and mourning her , but he said , do n't weep . she is n't dead , but sleeping .
we are orphans and fatherless ; our mothers are as widows .
yahweh spoke to moses and to aaron , saying ,
gaal the son of ebed said , who is abimelech , and who is shechem , that we should serve him ? is n't he the son of jerubbaal ? and zebul his officer ? serve you the men of hamor the father of shechem : but why should we serve him ?
for herod feared john , knowing that he was a righteous and holy man , and kept him safe . when he heard him , he did many things , and he heard him gladly .
but they insisted , saying , he stirs up the people , teaching throughout all judea , beginning from galilee even to this place .
when evening came , he went out of the city .
she said to the king , it was a true report that i heard in my own land of your acts , and of your wisdom .
the multitude therefore that was with him when he called lazarus out of the tomb , and raised him from the dead , was testifying about it .
it grew great , even to the army of the sky ; and some of the army and of the stars it cast down to the ground , and trampled on them .
with great power , the apostles gave their testimony of the resurrection of the lord jesus . great grace was on them all .
according to the tenor of the law which they shall teach you , and according to the judgment which they shall tell you , you shall do ; you shall not turn aside from the sentence which they shall show you , to the right hand , nor to the left .
then you will understand righteousness and justice , equity and every good path .
the nations were angry , and your wrath came , as did the time for the dead to be judged , and to give your bondservants the prophets , their reward , as well as to the saints , and those who fear your name , to the small and the great ; and to destroy those who destroy the earth .
and ramoth with its suburbs , and anem with its suburbs ;
when he had come into the house , the blind men came to him . jesus said to them , do you believe that i am able to do this ? they told him , yes , lord .
but it happened that when sanballat heard that we were building the wall , he was angry , and took great indignation , and mocked the jews .
samson said to them , if you do after this manner , surely i will be avenged of you , and after that i will cease .
tax collectors also came to be baptized , and they said to him , teacher , what must we do ?
there assembled at jerusalem much people to keep the feast of unleavened bread in the second month , a very great assembly .
every creeping thing that creeps on the earth is an abomination . it shall not be eaten .
if he dedicates his field from the year of jubilee , according to your valuation it shall stand .
this is the offering of aaron and of his sons , which they shall offer to yahweh in the day when he is anointed : the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour for a meal offering perpetually , half of it in the morning , and half of it in the evening .
the high priest stood up , and said to him , have you no answer ? what is this that these testify against you ?
now when they heard this , they were cut to the heart , and said to peter and the rest of the apostles , brothers , what shall we do ?
woe to the wicked ! disaster is upon them ; for the deeds of his hands will be paid back to him .
one has committed abomination with his neighbor 's wife ; and another has lewdly defiled his daughter - in - law ; and another in you has humbled his sister , his father 's daughter .
oil for the light , spices for the anointing oil and for the sweet incense ,
moses charged the people the same day , saying ,
remember this , and show yourselves men ; bring it again to mind , you transgressors .
it was so , when midday was past , that they prophesied until the time of the offering of the evening offering ; but there was neither voice , nor any to answer , nor any who regarded .
the people murmured against moses , saying , what shall we drink ?
she said , no one , lord . jesus said , neither do i condemn you . go your way . from now on , sin no more .
it will happen afterward , that i will pour out my spirit on all flesh ; and your sons and your daughters will prophesy . your old men will dream dreams . your young men will see visions .
it was so , that as often as the king went into the house of yahweh , the guard bore them , and brought them back into the guard chamber .
let us fear therefore , lest perhaps a promise being left of entering into his rest , anyone of you should seem to have come short of it .
i will call for a sword against him to all my mountains , says the lord yahweh : every man 's sword shall be against his brother .
all the trees of the field shall know that i , yahweh , have brought down the high tree , have exalted the low tree , have dried up the green tree , and have made the dry tree to flourish ; i , yahweh , have spoken and have done it .
you have taken away all your wrath . you have turned from the fierceness of your anger .
when the chief baker saw that the interpretation was good , he said to joseph , i also was in my dream , and behold , three baskets of white bread were on my head .
therefore god also highly exalted him , and gave to him the name which is above every name ;
from the daughter of zion all her majesty is departed : her princes are become like harts that find no pasture , they are gone without strength before the pursuer .
grace to you and peace be multiplied in the knowledge of god and of jesus our lord ,
yahweh showed me four craftsmen .
he began to speak to them in parables . a man planted a vineyard , put a hedge around it , dug a pit for the winepress , built a tower , rented it out to a farmer , and went into another country .
the plans of the diligent surely lead to profit ; and everyone who is hasty surely rushes to poverty .
he answered him , unbelieving generation , how long shall i be with you ? how long shall i bear with you ? bring him to me .
but your little ones , that you said should be a prey , them will i bring in , and they shall know the land which you have rejected .
let these words sink into your ears , for the son of man will be delivered up into the hands of men .
when the almighty scattered kings in her , it snowed on zalmon .
he said to abram , know for sure that your seed will live as foreigners in a land that is not theirs , and will serve them . they will afflict them four hundred years .
whoever remains in him does n't sin . whoever sins has n't seen him , neither knows him .
therefore do n't be anxious for tomorrow , for tomorrow will be anxious for itself . each day 's own evil is sufficient .
now when i had returned , behold , on the bank of the river were very many trees on the one side and on the other .
asher did n't drive out the inhabitants of acco , nor the inhabitants of sidon , nor of ahlab , nor of achzib , nor of helbah , nor of aphik , nor of rehob ;
to cleanse the house he shall take two birds , and cedar wood , and scarlet , and hyssop .
you can catch a lizard with your hands , yet it is in kings ' palaces .
and the best seats in the synagogues , and the best places at feasts :
then david inquired of yahweh yet again . yahweh answered him , and said , arise , go down to keilah ; for i will deliver the philistines into your hand .
and thus the secrets of his heart are revealed . so he will fall down on his face and worship god , declaring that god is among you indeed .
and hukok with its suburbs , and rehob with its suburbs ;
he feeds on ashes ; a deceived heart has turned him aside ; and he ca n't deliver his soul , nor say , is there not a lie in my right hand ?
when he had said this , he showed them his hands and his feet .
he stayed yet another seven days , and sent forth the dove ; and she did n't return to him any more .
on the eighth day he sent the people away ; and they blessed the king , and went to their tents joyful and glad of heart for all the goodness that yahweh had shown to david his servant , and to israel his people .
hear another parable . there was a man who was a master of a household , who planted a vineyard , set a hedge about it , dug a winepress in it , built a tower , leased it out to farmers , and went into another country .
therefore i beg you to take some food , for this is for your safety ; for not a hair will perish from any of your heads .
even so ought husbands also to love their own wives as their own bodies . he who loves his own wife loves himself .
how weak is your heart , says the lord yahweh , seeing you do all these things , the work of an impudent prostitute ;
a man shall be satisfied with good by the fruit of his mouth . the work of a man 's hands shall be rewarded to him .
righteousness guards the way of integrity , but wickedness overthrows the sinner .
in the morning you shall say , would it were even ! and at even you shall say , would it were morning ! for the fear of your heart which you shall fear , and for the sight of your eyes which you shall see .
then they asked him , who is the man who said to you , take up your mat , and walk ' ?
for even in thessalonica you sent once and again to my need .
he who receives a prophet in the name of a prophet will receive a prophet 's reward : and he who receives a righteous man in the name of a righteous man will receive a righteous man 's reward .
then i will also walk contrary to you ; and i will strike you , even i , seven times for your sins .
his name shall be called in israel , the house of him who has his shoe untied .
if a man lies carnally with a woman who is a slave girl , pledged to be married to another man , and not ransomed , or given her freedom ; they shall be punished . they shall not be put to death , because she was not free .
in that day you will say , give thanks to yahweh ! call on his name . declare his doings among the peoples . proclaim that his name is exalted !
now the rest of the acts of jeroboam , and all that he did , and his might , how he warred , and how he recovered damascus , and hamath , which had belonged to judah , for israel , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of israel ?
he plots iniquity on his bed . he sets himself in a way that is not good ; he does n't abhor evil .
in that day i will raise up the tent of david who is fallen , and close up its breaches , and i will raise up its ruins , and i will build it as in the days of old ;
therefore you shall no more see false visions , nor practice divination . i will deliver my people out of your hand ; and you shall know that i am yahweh .
now absalom in his lifetime had taken and reared up for himself the pillar , which is in the king 's dale ; for he said , i have no son to keep my name in memory : and he called the pillar after his own name ; and it is called absalom 's monument , to this day .
the words of a gossip are like dainty morsels : they go down into a person 's innermost parts .
then the people of the land took jehoahaz the son of josiah , and made him king in his father 's place in jerusalem .
then will i pluck them up by the roots out of my land which i have given them ; and this house , which i have made holy for my name , will i cast out of my sight , and i will make it a proverb and a byword among all peoples .
for we did not follow cunningly devised fables , when we made known to you the power and coming of our lord jesus christ , but we were eyewitnesses of his majesty .
he said to him , son , you are always with me , and all that is mine is yours .
but god chose the foolish things of the world that he might put to shame those who are wise . god chose the weak things of the world , that he might put to shame the things that are strong ;
however , the son by the handmaid was born according to the flesh , but the son by the free woman was born through promise .
the crown of pride of the drunkards of ephraim will be trodden under foot .
now it fell on a day , that jonathan the son of saul said to the young man who bore his armor , come , and let us go over to the philistines ' garrison , that is on yonder side . but he did n't tell his father .
in the beginning god created the heavens and the earth .
they said to him , thus says hezekiah , this day is a day of trouble , and of rebuke , and of rejection ; for the children are come to the birth , and there is not strength to bring forth .
so moses wrote this song the same day , and taught it the children of israel .
going on from there , he saw two other brothers , james the son of zebedee , and john his brother , in the boat with zebedee their father , mending their nets . he called them .
how are the mighty fallen in the midst of the battle ! jonathan is slain on your high places .
the nazirite shall shave the head of his separation at the door of the tent of meeting , and shall take the hair of the head of his separation , and put it on the fire which is under the sacrifice of peace offerings .
in their sight shall you bear it on your shoulder , and carry it forth in the dark ; you shall cover your face , that you do n't see the land : for i have set you for a sign to the house of israel .
i love yahweh , because he listens to my voice , and my cries for mercy .
and they mourned , and wept , and fasted until even , for saul , and for jonathan his son , and for the people of yahweh , and for the house of israel ; because they were fallen by the sword .
he gave them into the hand of the nations . those who hated them ruled over them .
now the rest of the acts of manasseh , and all that he did , and his sin that he sinned , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of judah ?
adah gave birth to jabal , who was the father of those who dwell in tents and have livestock .
between the chambers was a breadth of twenty cubits round about the house on every side .
in that hour jesus said to the multitudes , have you come out as against a robber with swords and clubs to seize me ? i sat daily in the temple teaching , and you did n't arrest me .
huram continued , blessed be yahweh , the god of israel , that made heaven and earth , who has given to david the king a wise son , endowed with discretion and understanding , that should build a house for yahweh , and a house for his kingdom .
now the rest of the acts of josiah , and all that he did , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of judah ?
then came the word of yahweh to samuel , saying ,
let all things be done decently and in order .
the lords of the philistines came up to her , and said to her , entice him , and see in which his great strength lies , and by what means we may prevail against him , that we may bind him to afflict him : and we will each give you of us eleven hundred pieces of silver .
he followed her immediately , as an ox goes to the slaughter , as a fool stepping into a noose .
my soul shall boast in yahweh . the humble shall hear of it , and be glad .
then they said , what shall be the trespass offering which we shall return to him ? they said , five golden tumors , and five golden mice , according to the number of the lords of the philistines ; for one plague was on you all , and on your lords .
the same day did the king make the middle of the court holy that was before the house of yahweh ; for there he offered the burnt offering , and the meal offering , and the fat of the peace offerings , because the brazen altar that was before yahweh was too little to receive the burnt offering , and the meal offering , and the fat of the peace offerings .
arrogant speech is n't fitting for a fool , much less do lying lips fit a prince .
moreover he built cities in the hill country of judah , and in the forests he built castles and towers .
though he is fruitful among his brothers , an east wind will come , the breath of yahweh coming up from the wilderness ; and his spring will become dry , and his fountain will be dried up . he will plunder the storehouse of treasure .
as it is written , there is no one righteous . no , not one .
his malice may be concealed by deception , but his wickedness will be exposed in the assembly .
so they went up , and spied out the land from the wilderness of zin to rehob , to the entrance of hamath .
then let our faces be looked on before you , and the face of the youths who eat of the king 's dainties ; and as you see , deal with your servants .
yahweh is gracious , merciful , slow to anger , and of great loving kindness .
joseph arose from his sleep , and did as the angel of the lord commanded him , and took his wife to himself ;
all the days of his separation he shall eat nothing that is made of the grapevine , from the seeds even to the skins .
he made two golden rings for it under its molding crown , on its two ribs , on its two sides , for places for poles with which to carry it .
praise him , all his angels ! praise him , all his army !
was n't it told my lord what i did when jezebel killed the prophets of yahweh , how i hid one hundred men of yahweh 's prophets by fifty in a cave , and fed them with bread and water ?
in that same hour jesus rejoiced in the holy spirit , and said , i thank you , o father , lord of heaven and earth , that you have hidden these things from the wise and understanding , and revealed them to little children . yes , father , for so it was well - pleasing in your sight .
and the pattern of all that he had by the spirit , for the courts of the house of yahweh , and for all the surrounding rooms , for the treasuries of the house of god , and for the treasuries of the dedicated things ;
you shall roast and eat it in the place which yahweh your god shall choose : and you shall turn in the morning , and go to your tents .
they have seen falsehood and lying divination , who say , yahweh says ; but yahweh has not sent them : and they have made men to hope that the word would be confirmed .
yet i had planted you a noble vine , wholly a right seed : how then are you turned into the degenerate branches of a foreign vine to me ?
therefore judge nothing before the time , until the lord comes , who will both bring to light the hidden things of darkness , and reveal the counsels of the hearts . then each man will get his praise from god .
the heaved thigh and the waved breast they shall bring with the offerings made by fire of the fat , to wave it for a wave offering before yahweh : and it shall be yours , and your sons ' with you , as a portion forever ; as yahweh has commanded .
some also there were that said , we are mortgaging our fields , and our vineyards , and our houses : let us get grain , because of the dearth .
every man 's holy things shall be his : whatever any man gives the priest , it shall be his .
this also would be an iniquity to be punished by the judges ; for i should have denied the god who is above .
on the tenth day of this seventh month you shall have a holy convocation ; and you shall afflict your souls : you shall do no manner of work ;
a certain beggar , named lazarus , was laid at his gate , full of sores ,
jesus said to her , woman , what does that have to do with you and me ? my hour has not yet come .
for the children of israel shall abide many days without king , and without prince , and without sacrifice , and without sacred stone , and without ephod or idols .
the door for the middle side chambers was in the right side of the house : and they went up by winding stairs into the middle story , and out of the middle into the third .
now the chief priests and the pharisees had commanded that if anyone knew where he was , he should report it , that they might seize him .
when i wept and i fasted , that was to my reproach .
and said to them , you shall not bring in the captives here : for you purpose that which will bring on us a trespass against yahweh , to add to our sins and to our trespass ; for our trespass is great , and there is fierce wrath against israel .
if you shall say in your heart , these nations are more than i ; how can i dispossess them ?
they , having heard the king , went their way ; and behold , the star , which they saw in the east , went before them , until it came and stood over where the young child was .
praise yahweh ! sing to yahweh a new song , his praise in the assembly of the saints .
he said , if the syrians be too strong for me , then you shall help me ; but if the children of ammon be too strong for you , then i will help you .
though men be risen up to pursue you , and to seek your soul , yet the soul of my lord shall be bound in the bundle of life with yahweh your god ; and the souls of your enemies , them shall he sling out , as from the hollow of a sling .
for if i would desire to boast , i will not be foolish ; for i will speak the truth . but i refrain , so that no man may think more of me than that which he sees in me , or hears from me .
how much worse punishment , do you think , will he be judged worthy of , who has trodden under foot the son of god , and has counted the blood of the covenant with which he was sanctified an unholy thing , and has insulted the spirit of grace ?
all the oxen for the burnt offering twelve bulls , the rams twelve , the male lambs a year old twelve , and their meal offering ; and the male goats for a sin offering twelve ;
i know your works ( behold , i have set before you an open door , which no one can shut ) , that you have a little power , and kept my word , and did n't deny my name .
thus did moses : as yahweh commanded him , so did he .
they brought seven bulls , and seven rams , and seven lambs , and seven male goats , for a sin offering for the kingdom and for the sanctuary and for judah . he commanded the priests the sons of aaron to offer them on the altar of yahweh .
and it shall be with him , and he shall read therein all the days of his life ; that he may learn to fear yahweh his god , to keep all the words of this law and these statutes , to do them ;
but jesus said to him , leave the dead to bury their own dead , but you go and announce the kingdom of god .
they took the coat of many colors , and they brought it to their father , and said , we have found this . examine it , now , whether it is your son 's coat or not .
they scoff and speak with malice . in arrogance , they threaten oppression .
let those who seek after my soul be disappointed and brought to dishonor . let those who plot my ruin be turned back and confounded .
even now , behold , my witness is in heaven . he who vouches for me is on high .
i think it right , as long as i am in this tent , to stir you up by reminding you ;
for as the body apart from the spirit is dead , even so faith apart from works is dead .
then saul arose , and went down to the wilderness of ziph , having three thousand chosen men of israel with him , to seek david in the wilderness of ziph .
when she saw that she was steadfastly minded to go with her , she left off speaking to her .
for this ointment might have been sold for much , and given to the poor .
now , my god , let , i beg you , your eyes be open , and let your ears be attentive , to the prayer that is made in this place .
zedekiah was twenty - one years old when he began to reign ; and he reigned eleven years in jerusalem : and his mother 's name was hamutal the daughter of jeremiah of libnah .
the sun and moon stood still in the sky , at the light of your arrows as they went , at the shining of your glittering spear .
for you both had compassion on me in my chains , and joyfully accepted the plundering of your possessions , knowing that you have for yourselves a better possession and an enduring one in the heavens .
forty years old was i when moses the servant of yahweh sent me from kadesh barnea to spy out the land ; and i brought him word again as it was in my heart .
then our sons will be like well - nurtured plants , our daughters like pillars carved to adorn a palace .
he said to her , if they only bind me with new ropes with which no work has been done , then shall i become weak , and be as another man .
then he touched their eyes , saying , according to your faith be it done to you .
he took the people , and divided them into three companies , and laid wait in the field ; and he looked , and behold , the people came forth out of the city ; he rose up against them , and struck them .
so they went with the guard and made the tomb secure , sealing the stone .
but philip was found at azotus . passing through , he preached the good news to all the cities , until he came to caesarea .
for the far part of the tent westward you shall make six boards .
because it has been granted to you on behalf of christ , not only to believe in him , but also to suffer on his behalf ,
for when we were in the flesh , the sinful passions which were through the law , worked in our members to bring forth fruit to death .
this is the portion of a wicked man with god , the heritage of oppressors , which they receive from the almighty .
speak to the children of israel , and tell them , when you come into the land which i give you , then the land shall keep a sabbath to yahweh .
when the demon was cast out , the mute man spoke . the multitudes marveled , saying , nothing like this has ever been seen in israel !
he who rejects me , and does n't receive my sayings , has one who judges him . the word that i spoke , the same will judge him in the last day .
for then i will purify the lips of the peoples , that they may all call on the name of yahweh , to serve him shoulder to shoulder .
notwithstanding , no devoted thing , that a man shall devote to yahweh of all that he has , whether of man or animal , or of the field of his possession , shall be sold or redeemed : every devoted thing is most holy to yahweh .
therefore tell the house of israel , thus says the lord yahweh : i do n't do this for your sake , house of israel , but for my holy name , which you have profaned among the nations , where you went .
the rain came down , the floods came , and the winds blew , and beat on that house ; and it did n't fall , for it was founded on the rock .
and one loaf of bread , one cake of oiled bread , and one wafer out of the basket of unleavened bread that is before yahweh .
moses and eleazar the priest did as yahweh commanded moses .
therefore will i save my flock , and they shall no more be a prey ; and i will judge between sheep and sheep .
he shall kill the male lamb in the place where they kill the sin offering and the burnt offering , in the place of the sanctuary ; for as the sin offering is the priest 's , so is the trespass offering . it is most holy .
and the lamp of god had n't yet gone out , and samuel had laid down to sleep , in the temple of yahweh , where the ark of god was ;
the world ca n't hate you , but it hates me , because i testify about it , that its works are evil .
abram moved his tent , and came and lived by the oaks of mamre , which are in hebron , and built an altar there to yahweh .
joshua took makkedah on that day , and struck it with the edge of the sword , and the king of it : he utterly destroyed them and all the souls who were therein ; he left none remaining ; and he did to the king of makkedah as he had done to the king of jericho .
elkanah her husband said to her , hannah , why weep you ? and why do n't you eat ? and why is your heart grieved ? am i not better to you than ten sons ?
but if you will go , do valiantly , be strong for the battle : god will cast you down before the enemy ; for god has power to help , and to cast down .
let my lips utter praise , for you teach me your statutes .
their horses also are swifter than leopards , and are more fierce than the evening wolves . their horsemen press proudly on . yes , their horsemen come from afar . they fly as an eagle that hurries to devour .
therefore the anger of yahweh was kindled against this land , to bring on it all the curse that is written in this book ;
and tell them , thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel : behold , i will send and take nebuchadnezzar the king of babylon , my servant , and will set his throne on these stones that i have hidden ; and he shall spread his royal pavilion over them .
all the nations are like nothing before him . they are regarded by him as less than nothing , and vanity .
moses and aaron and the princes of the congregation numbered the sons of the kohathites by their families , and by their fathers ' houses ,
he was teaching in one of the synagogues on the sabbath day .
he gives great deliverance to his king , and shows loving kindness to his anointed , to david and to his seed , forevermore .
they watched him , and sent out spies , who pretended to be righteous , that they might trap him in something he said , so as to deliver him up to the power and authority of the governor .
the bones of joseph , which the children of israel brought up out of egypt , buried they in shechem , in the parcel of ground which jacob bought of the sons of hamor the father of shechem for a hundred pieces of money : and they became the inheritance of the children of joseph .
for you are a holy people to yahweh your god : yahweh your god has chosen you to be a people for his own possession , above all peoples who are on the face of the earth .
but god is the judge . he puts down one , and lifts up another .
after this , abraham buried sarah his wife in the cave of the field of machpelah before mamre ( that is , hebron ) , in the land of canaan .
do n't let riches entice you to wrath , neither let the great size of a bribe turn you aside .
they ate , and were filled . they took up seven baskets of broken pieces that were left over .
therefore i consider all of your precepts to be right . i hate every false way . pey
now brace yourself like a man . i will question you , and you will answer me .
my soul is weary of my life ; i will give free course to my complaint . i will speak in the bitterness of my soul .
in that day you will ask in my name ; and i do n't say to you , that i will pray to the father for you ,
then the congregation shall judge between the striker and the avenger of blood according to these ordinances ;
for now we live , if you stand fast in the lord .
it shall be square and folded double ; a span shall be its length of it , and a span its breadth .
but where shall wisdom be found ? where is the place of understanding ?
because of the chaldeans ; for they were afraid of them , because ishmael the son of nethaniah had killed gedaliah the son of ahikam , whom the king of babylon made governor over the land .
though i am righteous , my own mouth shall condemn me . though i am blameless , it shall prove me perverse .
for in your eating each one takes his own supper first . one is hungry , and another is drunken .
then he brought me back by the way of the outer gate of the sanctuary , which looks toward the east ; and it was shut .
do n't rejoice , o philistia , all of you , because the rod that struck you is broken ; for out of the serpent 's root an adder will emerge , and his fruit will be a fiery flying serpent .
he settled his gaze steadfastly on him , until he was ashamed : and the man of god wept .
their eyes were opened . jesus strictly charged them , saying , see that no one knows about this .
now i beg you , brothers , by our lord jesus christ , and by the love of the spirit , that you strive together with me in your prayers to god for me ,
you shall not be scared of them ; for yahweh your god is in the midst of you , a great and awesome god .
he is yahweh , our god . his judgments are in all the earth .
these uncovered her nakedness ; they took her sons and her daughters ; and her they killed with the sword : and she became a byword among women ; for they executed judgments on her .
how long shall i take counsel in my soul , having sorrow in my heart every day ? how long shall my enemy triumph over me ?
as it is taken off of the ox of the sacrifice of peace offerings . the priest shall burn them on the altar of burnt offering .
thus said yahweh : go down to the house of the king of judah , and speak there this word ,
you shall also make a basin of brass , and the base of it of brass , in which to wash . you shall put it between the tent of meeting and the altar , and you shall put water in it .
then i went on to the spring gate and to the king 's pool : but there was no place for the animal that was under me to pass .
david said , as yahweh lives , yahweh will strike him ; or his day shall come to die ; or he shall go down into battle and perish .
now the rest of the acts of rehoboam , and all that he did , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of judah ?
i will for this afflict the seed of david , but not forever .
nor filthiness , nor foolish talking , nor jesting , which are not appropriate ; but rather giving of thanks .
he who gives answer before he hears , that is folly and shame to him .
every garment , and every skin , whereon the semen is , shall be washed with water , and be unclean until the evening .
in the multitude of words there is no lack of disobedience , but he who restrains his lips does wisely .
he said to them , an enemy has done this . ' the servants asked him , do you want us to go and gather them up ? '
all the cities of the children of aaron , the priests , were thirteen cities with their suburbs .
he has made the earth by his power , he has established the world by his wisdom , and by his understanding has he stretched out the heavens :
do n't be afraid of the king of babylon , of whom you are afraid ; do n't be afraid of him , says yahweh : for i am with you to save you , and to deliver you from his hand .
you shall do no manner of work : it is a statute forever throughout your generations in all your dwellings .
they are of the world . therefore they speak of the world , and the world hears them .
i will cut off all the horns of the wicked , but the horns of the righteous shall be lifted up .
thus says yahweh of armies : i am jealous for zion with great jealousy , and i am jealous for her with great wrath .
and i will give you the treasures of darkness , and hidden riches of secret places , that you may know that it is i , yahweh , who call you by your name , even the god of israel .
the testimony is this , that god gave to us eternal life , and this life is in his son .
for this is even from israel ! the workman made it , and it is no god ; indeed , the calf of samaria shall be broken in pieces .
for there are many words that create vanity . what does that profit man ?
blessed be yahweh your god , who delighted in you , to set you on his throne , to be king for yahweh your god : because your god loved israel , to establish them forever , therefore made he you king over them , to do justice and righteousness .
why cry you for your hurt ? your pain is incurable : for the greatness of your iniquity , because your sins were increased , i have done these things to you .
is not this david , of whom they sang one to another in dances , saying , saul has slain his thousands , david his ten thousands ?
he looks at the earth , and it trembles . he touches the mountains , and they smoke .
now it happened in the seventh month , that ishmael the son of nethaniah , the son of elishama , of the seed royal and one of the chief officers of the king , and ten men with him , came to gedaliah the son of ahikam to mizpah ; and there they ate bread together in mizpah .
lift up your eyes round about , and see : they all gather themselves together , they come to you ; your sons shall come from far , and your daughters shall be carried in the arms .
the leper in whom the plague is shall wear torn clothes , and the hair of his head shall hang loose . he shall cover his upper lip , and shall cry , unclean ! unclean ! '
thus did moses , and aaron , and all the congregation of the children of israel , to the levites . according to all that yahweh commanded moses concerning the levites , so the children of israel did to them .
whose confidence shall break apart , whose trust is a spider 's web .
when he had destroyed seven nations in the land of canaan , he gave them their land for an inheritance , for about four hundred fifty years .
behold , this day your eyes have seen how that yahweh had delivered you today into my hand in the cave : and some bade me kill you ; but my eye spared you ; and i said , i will not put forth my hand against my lord ; for he is yahweh 's anointed .
and to have authority to heal sicknesses and to cast out demons :
also we made ordinances for us , to charge ourselves yearly with the third part of a shekel for the service of the house of our god ;
paul went down , and fell upon him , and embracing him said , do n't be troubled , for his life is in him .
i asked him the second time , what are these two olive branches , which are beside the two golden spouts , that pour the golden oil out of themselves ?
yes , he loads the thick cloud with moisture . he spreads abroad the cloud of his lightning .
when some of both the gentiles and the jews , with their rulers , made a violent attempt to mistreat and stone them ,
but if they will not pass over with you armed , they shall have possessions among you in the land of canaan .
therefore thus says yahweh concerning the prophets who prophesy in my name , and i did n't send them , yet they say , sword and famine shall not be in this land : by sword and famine shall those prophets be consumed .
he who loves purity of heart and speaks gracefully is the king 's friend .
he shall enter also into the glorious land , and many countries shall be overthrown ; but these shall be delivered out of his hand : edom , and moab , and the chief of the children of ammon .
but as for me , this secret is not revealed to me for any wisdom that i have more than any living , but to the intent that the interpretation may be made known to the king , and that you may know the thoughts of your heart .
so i bought a belt according to the word of yahweh , and put it on my waist .
moreover yahweh said to me in the days of josiah the king , have you seen that which backsliding israel has done ? she is gone up on every high mountain and under every green tree , and there has played the prostitute .
for god knows that in the day you eat it , your eyes will be opened , and you will be like god , knowing good and evil .
for whom he foreknew , he also predestined to be conformed to the image of his son , that he might be the firstborn among many brothers .
also thus said the king , blessed be yahweh , the god of israel , who has given one to sit on my throne this day , my eyes even seeing it .
furthermore you have sent for men who come from far , to whom a messenger was sent , and behold , they came ; for whom you did wash yourself , paint your eyes , and deck yourself with ornaments ,
tell them , as i live , says yahweh , surely as you have spoken in my ears , so will i do to you :
but now i am going to him who sent me , and none of you asks me , where are you going ? '
all the people answered together , and said , all that yahweh has spoken we will do . moses reported the words of the people to yahweh .
then the king of israel called all the elders of the land , and said , please notice how this man seeks mischief : for he sent to me for my wives , and for my children , and for my silver , and for my gold ; and i did n't deny him .
when the morning stars sang together , and all the sons of god shouted for joy ?
therefore their inhabitants had little power . they were dismayed and confounded . they were like the grass of the field , and like the green herb , like the grass on the housetops , and like a field before its crop has grown .
dominion and fear are with him ; he makes peace in his high places .
abijah joined battle with an army of valiant men of war , even four hundred thousand chosen men : and jeroboam set the battle in array against him with eight hundred thousand chosen men , who were mighty men of valor .
and you detest them . you shall not eat of their flesh , and you shall detest their carcasses .
so david gave to ornan for the place six hundred shekels of gold by weight .
remember your word to your servant , because you gave me hope .
saying , i will declare your name to my brothers . in the midst of the congregation i will sing your praise .
and the priest shall burn them on the altar for an offering made by fire to yahweh : it is a trespass offering .
you , son of man , prophesy to the mountains of israel , and say , you mountains of israel , hear the word of yahweh .
i struck you with blight and mildew many times in your gardens and your vineyards ; and your fig trees and your olive trees have the swarming locust devoured : yet you have n't returned to me , says yahweh .
then those who feared yahweh spoke one with another ; and yahweh listened , and heard , and a book of memory was written before him , for those who feared yahweh , and who honored his name .
come up to me , and help me , and let us strike gibeon ; for it has made peace with joshua and with the children of israel .
he put garrisons in edom ; and all the edomites became servants to david . yahweh gave victory to david wherever he went .
ten fat oxen , and twenty oxen out of the pastures , and one hundred sheep , besides harts , and gazelles , and roebucks , and fattened fowl .
but when he was forty years old , it came into his heart to visit his brothers , the children of israel .
and he said , yahweh , the god of israel , there is no god like you , in heaven above , or on earth beneath ; who keep covenant and loving kindness with your servants , who walk before you with all their heart ;
you shall not glean your vineyard , neither shall you gather the fallen grapes of your vineyard ; you shall leave them for the poor and for the foreigner . i am yahweh your god .
they shall keep your charge , and the charge of all the tent : only they shall not come near to the vessels of the sanctuary and to the altar , that they not die , neither they , nor you .
the house , that is , the temple before the oracle , was forty cubits long .
or do n't you know that all we who were baptized into christ jesus were baptized into his death ?
the king said , where is your master 's son ? ziba said to the king , behold , he abides at jerusalem ; for he said , today will the house of israel restore me the kingdom of my father .
the burning sand will become a pool , and the thirsty ground springs of water . grass with reeds and rushes will be in the habitation of jackals , where they lay .
greet one another with a holy kiss . the assemblies of christ greet you .
also maacah his mother he removed from being queen , because she had made an abominable image for an asherah ; and asa cut down her image , and burnt it at the brook kidron .
yahweh said to moses , do n't fear him : for i have delivered him into your hand , and all his people , and his land ; and you shall do to him as you did to sihon king of the amorites , who lived at heshbon .
jesus said to him , you have said it . nevertheless , i tell you , henceforth you will see the son of man sitting at the right hand of power , and coming on the clouds of the sky .
nadab the son of jeroboam began to reign over israel in the second year of asa king of judah ; and he reigned over israel two years .
but you do see trouble and grief ; you consider it to take it into your hand . you help the victim and the fatherless .
most assuredly i tell you , among those who are born of women there has not arisen anyone greater than john the baptizer ; yet he who is least in the kingdom of heaven is greater than he .
if the scourge kills suddenly , he will mock at the trial of the innocent .
you shall teach them your children , talking of them , when you sit in your house , and when you walk by the way , and when you lie down , and when you rise up .
let favor be shown to the wicked , yet he will not learn righteousness . in the land of uprightness he will deal wrongfully , and will not see yahweh 's majesty .
nabal answered david 's servants , and said , who is david ? and who is the son of jesse ? there are many servants who break away from their masters these days .
you were made alive when you were dead in transgressions and sins ,
the screen for the gate of the court was the work of the embroiderer , of blue , purple , scarlet , and fine twined linen . twenty cubits was the length , and the height in the breadth was five cubits , like to the hangings of the court .
moses said , the people , among whom i am , are six hundred thousand footmen ; and you have said , i will give them flesh , that they may eat a whole month .
it will be like when the harvester gathers the wheat , and his arm reaps the grain . yes , it will be like when one gleans grain in the valley of rephaim .
then the commanding officer came near , arrested him , commanded him to be bound with two chains , and inquired who he was and what he had done .
it happened , when ben hadad heard this message , as he was drinking , he and the kings , in the pavilions , that he said to his servants , set yourselves in array . they set themselves in array against the city .
so am i made to possess months of misery , wearisome nights are appointed to me .
with whom was he displeased forty years ? was n't it with those who sinned , whose bodies fell in the wilderness ?
it happened after these things , that god tested abraham , and said to him , abraham ! he said , here i am .
yahweh spoke to aaron , saying ,
there is a league between me and you , between my father and your father : behold , i have sent to you a present of silver and gold ; go , break your league with baasha king of israel , that he may depart from me .
the wicked are not so , but are like the chaff which the wind drives away .
for when a few years are come , i shall go the way from whence i shall not return .
therefore tell the children of israel , i am yahweh , and i will bring you out from under the burdens of the egyptians , and i will rid you out of their bondage , and i will redeem you with an outstretched arm , and with great judgments :
yahweh answered his people , behold , i will send you grain , new wine , and oil , and you will be satisfied with them ; and i will no more make you a reproach among the nations .
they are amazed . they answer no more . they do n't have a word to say .
for i did n't shrink from declaring to you the whole counsel of god .
on the other side of the jordan , of the reubenites , and the gadites , and of the half - tribe of manasseh , with all manner of instruments of war for the battle , one hundred twenty thousand .
you husbands , in like manner , live with your wives according to knowledge , giving honor to the woman , as to the weaker vessel , as being also joint heirs of the grace of life ; that your prayers may not be hindered .
and certain women who had been healed of evil spirits and infirmities : mary who was called magdalene , from whom seven demons had gone out ;
so that they shall take no wood out of the field , neither cut down any out of the forests ; for they shall make fires of the weapons ; and they shall plunder those who plundered them , and rob those who robbed them , says the lord yahweh .
and did n't inquire of yahweh : therefore he killed him , and turned the kingdom to david the son of jesse .
for this cause i also , having heard of the faith in the lord jesus which is among you , and the love which you have toward all the saints ,
by faith , he left egypt , not fearing the wrath of the king ; for he endured , as seeing him who is invisible .
but i am afraid that somehow , as the serpent deceived eve in his craftiness , so your minds might be corrupted from the simplicity that is in christ .
thus noah did . according to all that god commanded him , so he did .
he said to him the third time , simon , son of jonah , do you have affection for me ? peter was grieved because he asked him the third time , do you have affection for me ? he said to him , lord , you know everything . you know that i have affection for you . jesus said to him , feed my sheep .
behold , is n't it of yahweh of armies that the peoples labor for the fire , and the nations weary themselves for vanity ?
but if they say thus , come up to us ; then we will go up ; for yahweh has delivered them into our hand : and this shall be the sign to us .
and that all this assembly may know that yahweh does n't save with sword and spear : for the battle is yahweh 's , and he will give you into our hand .
suddenly there came from the sky a sound like the rushing of a mighty wind , and it filled all the house where they were sitting .
in the nine and thirtieth year of azariah king of judah began menahem the son of gadi to reign over israel , and reigned ten years in samaria .
you shall keep the charge of the sanctuary , and the charge of the altar ; that there be wrath no more on the children of israel .
these three were the sons of noah , and from these , the whole earth was populated .
not stealing , but showing all good fidelity ; that they may adorn the doctrine of god , our savior , in all things .
now she is in the streets , now in the squares , and lurking at every corner .
you shall chase your enemies , and they shall fall before you by the sword .
joshua defeated amalek and his people with the edge of the sword .
come now , you rich , weep and howl for your miseries that are coming on you .
then he said , i have sinned : yet honor me now , please , before the elders of my people , and before israel , and turn again with me , that i may worship yahweh your god .
as the gentiles heard this , they were glad , and glorified the word of god . as many as were appointed to eternal life believed .
all the people went over the jordan , and the king went over : and the king kissed barzillai , and blessed him ; and he returned to his own place .
but as for me , my prayer is to you , yahweh , in an acceptable time . god , in the abundance of your loving kindness , answer me in the truth of your salvation .
and he came even before the king 's gate : for none might enter within the king 's gate clothed with sackcloth .
jesus said to them , my food is to do the will of him who sent me , and to accomplish his work .
even as it is written , jacob i loved , but esau i hated .
behold , i give of the synagogue of satan , of those who say they are jews , and they are not , but lie . behold , i will make them to come and worship before your feet , and to know that i have loved you .
then the king held out to esther the golden scepter . so esther arose , and stood before the king .
joshua set up twelve stones in the midst of the jordan , in the place where the feet of the priests who bore the ark of the covenant stood : and they are there to this day .
god is faithful , through whom you were called into the fellowship of his son , jesus christ , our lord .
yahweh said to moses , write this for a memorial in a book , and rehearse it in the ears of joshua : that i will utterly blot out the memory of amalek from under the sky .
but he said , then bring meal . he cast it into the pot ; and he said , pour out for the people , that they may eat . there was no harm in the pot .
the merchants of these things , who were made rich by her , will stand far away for the fear of her torment , weeping and mourning ;
for in the multitude of dreams there are vanities , as well as in many words : but you must fear god .
when the wine ran out , jesus ' mother said to him , they have no wine .
we looked for peace , but no good came ; and for a time of healing , and behold , dismay !
but the fig tree said to them , should i leave my sweetness , and my good fruit , and go to wave back and forth over the trees ?
i declared my ways , and you answered me . teach me your statutes .
if one person sins unwittingly , then he shall offer a female goat a year old for a sin offering .
has not the same hezekiah taken away his high places and his altars , and commanded judah and jerusalem , saying , you shall worship before one altar , and on it shall you burn incense ?
for most assuredly , not to angels does he give help , but he gives help to the seed of abraham .
there were eight boards , and their sockets of silver , sixteen sockets ; under every board two sockets .
on the ninth day of the fourth month the famine was sore in the city , so that there was no bread for the people of the land .
but jesus knowing in himself that his disciples murmured at this , said to them , does this cause you to stumble ?
yahweh will do to them as he did to sihon and to og , the kings of the amorites , and to their land ; whom he destroyed .
rehoboam loved maacah the daughter of absalom above all his wives and his concubines : ( for he took eighteen wives , and sixty concubines , and became the father of twenty - eight sons and sixty daughters . )
declare you in judah , and publish in jerusalem ; and say , blow you the trumpet in the land : cry aloud and say , assemble yourselves , and let us go into the fortified cities .
there you shall serve gods , the work of men 's hands , wood and stone , which neither see , nor hear , nor eat , nor smell .
now the hand of yahweh had been on me in the evening , before he who was escaped came ; and he had opened my mouth , until he came to me in the morning ; and my mouth was opened , and i was no more mute .
david danced before yahweh with all his might ; and david was girded with a linen ephod .
make a joyful noise to yahweh , all the earth ! burst out and sing for joy , yes , sing praises !
the voice of one crying in the wilderness , make ready the way of the lord ! make his paths straight ! '
but i have told you these things , so that when the time comes , you may remember that i told you about them . i did n't tell you these things from the beginning , because i was with you .
i will visit on her the days of the baals , to which she burned incense , when she decked herself with her earrings and her jewels , and went after her lovers , and forgot me , says yahweh .
the philistines followed hard after saul and after his sons ; and the philistines killed jonathan , and abinadab , and malchishua , the sons of saul .
for the teraphim have spoken vanity , and the diviners have seen a lie ; and they have told false dreams . they comfort in vain . therefore they go their way like sheep . they are oppressed , because there is no shepherd .
then said david , o yahweh , the god of israel , your servant has surely heard that saul seeks to come to keilah , to destroy the city for my sake .
why have you made us to come up out of egypt , to bring us in to this evil place ? it is no place of seed , or of figs , or of vines , or of pomegranates ; neither is there any water to drink .
behold , how they reward us , to come to cast us out of your possession , which you have given us to inherit .
and they took him , and threw him into the pit . the pit was empty . there was no water in it .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
let us therefore , as many as are perfect , think this way . if in anything you think otherwise , god will also reveal that to you .
you shall say before yahweh your god , i have put away the holy things out of my house , and also have given them to the levite , and to the foreigner , to the fatherless , and to the widow , according to all your commandment which you have commanded me : i have not transgressed any of your commandments , neither have i forgotten them :
if he offers a lamb for his offering , then he shall offer it before yahweh ;
and the lampstands with their lamps , to burn according to the ordinance before the oracle , of pure gold ;
therefore will i do to the house which is called by my name , in which you trust , and to the place which i gave to you and to your fathers , as i did to shiloh .
now the serpent was more subtle than any animal of the field which yahweh god had made . he said to the woman , has god really said , you shall not eat of any tree of the garden ? '
now about that time , herod the king stretched out his hands to oppress some of the assembly .
if there arise a matter too hard for you in judgment , between blood and blood , between plea and plea , and between stroke and stroke , being matters of controversy within your gates ; then shall you arise , and go up to the place which yahweh your god shall choose ;
at the evening offering i arose up from my humiliation , even with my garment and my robe torn ; and i fell on my knees , and spread out my hands to yahweh my god ;
for i could wish that i myself were accursed from christ for my brothers ' sake , my relatives according to the flesh ,
he even tried to profane the temple , and we arrested him .
that joshua called for all israel , for their elders and for their heads , and for their judges and for their officers , and said to them , i am old and well stricken in years :
remember those who are in bonds , as bound with them ; and those who are ill - treated , since you are also in the body .
then whoever hears the sound of the trumpet , and does n't take warning , if the sword come , and take him away , his blood shall be on his own head .
the nations shall see your righteousness , and all kings your glory , and you shall be called by a new name , which the mouth of yahweh shall name .
in that day they will come to you from assyria and the cities of egypt , and from egypt even to the river , and from sea to sea , and mountain to mountain .
when he heard that jesus had come out of judea into galilee , he went to him , and begged him that he would come down and heal his son , for he was at the point of death .
the four angels were freed who had been prepared for that hour and day and month and year , so that they might kill one third of mankind .
there are also workmen with you in abundance , cutters and workers of stone and timber , and all kinds of men who are skillful in every kind of work :
and the border shall go down from shepham to riblah , on the east side of ain ; and the border shall go down , and shall reach to the side of the sea of chinnereth eastward ;
you turn things upside down ! should the potter be thought to be like clay ; that the thing made should say about him who made it , he did n't make me ; or the thing formed say of him who formed it , he has no understanding ?
but it was you , a man like me , my companion , and my familiar friend .
they struck all the cities round about gerar ; for the fear of yahweh came on them : and they despoiled all the cities ; for there was much spoil in them .
the name of the third river is hiddekel : this is the one which flows in front of assyria . the fourth river is the euphrates .
at meal time boaz said to her , come here , and eat of the bread , and dip your morsel in the vinegar . she sat beside the reapers , and they reached her parched grain , and she ate , and was sufficed , and left of it .
oh that the salvation of israel would come out of zion ! when yahweh restores the fortunes of his people , then jacob shall rejoice , and israel shall be glad .
a capital of brass was on it ; and the height of the one capital was five cubits , with network and pomegranates on the capital round about , all of brass : and the second pillar also had like these , and pomegranates .
i will strengthen the house of judah , and i will save the house of joseph , and i will bring them back ; for i have mercy on them ; and they will be as though i had not cast them off : for i am yahweh their god , and i will hear them .
but the righteous will live by faith . if he shrinks back , my soul has no pleasure in him .
there is gold and abundance of rubies ; but the lips of knowledge are a rare jewel .
if it bears fruit , fine ; but if not , after that , you can cut it down . '
and it shall be for aaron and his sons as their portion forever from the children of israel ; for it is a wave offering : and it shall be a wave offering from the children of israel of the sacrifices of their peace offerings , even their wave offering to yahweh .
if a man be found lying with a woman married to a husband , then they shall both of them die , the man who lay with the woman , and the woman : so shall you put away the evil from israel .
but jesus perceived their wickedness , and said , why do you test me , you hypocrites ?
then said jeremiah to zedekiah , thus says yahweh , the god of armies , the god of israel : if you will go forth to the king of babylon 's princes , then your soul shall live , and this city shall not be burned with fire ; and you shall live , and your house .
the soul of king david longed to go forth to absalom : for he was comforted concerning amnon , seeing he was dead .
through silvanus , our faithful brother , as i consider him , i have written to you briefly , exhorting , and testifying that this is the true grace of god in which you stand .
the earth was corrupt before god , and the earth was filled with violence .
take great stones in your hand , and hide them in mortar in the brick work , which is at the entry of pharaoh 's house in tahpanhes , in the sight of the men of judah ;
ahijah laid hold of the new garment that was on him , and tore it in twelve pieces .
the word of yahweh came again to me , saying ,
it happened , that when isaac was old , and his eyes were dim , so that he could not see , he called esau his elder son , and said to him , my son ? he said to him , here i am .
joshua said , roll great stones to the mouth of the cave , and set men by it to keep them :
delilah said to samson , tell me , please , in which your great strength lies , and with which you might be bound to afflict you .
behold , a certain lawyer stood up and tested him , saying , teacher , what shall i do to inherit eternal life ?
jonathan climbed up on his hands and on his feet , and his armor bearer after him : and they fell before jonathan ; and his armor bearer killed them after him .
let him turn away from evil , and do good . let him seek peace , and pursue it .
yet they tempted and rebelled against the most high god , and did n't keep his testimonies ;
the sons of the prophets said to elisha , see now , the place where we dwell before you is too strait for us .
it was so , when the days of their feasting had run their course , that job sent and sanctified them , and rose up early in the morning , and offered burnt offerings according to the number of them all . for job said , it may be that my sons have sinned , and renounced god in their hearts . thus did job continually .
and to love him with all the heart , and with all the understanding , with all the soul , and with all the strength , and to love his neighbor as himself , is more important than all whole burnt offerings and sacrifices .
because he considers , and turns away from all his transgressions that he has committed , he shall surely live , he shall not die .
open your doors , lebanon , that the fire may devour your cedars .
he shall sprinkle some of the blood on it with his finger seven times , and cleanse it , and make it holy from the uncleanness of the children of israel .
for john was not yet thrown into prison .
yes , you have borne the tent of your king and the shrine of your images , the star of your god , which you made for yourselves .
and saying , you who destroy the temple , and build it in three days , save yourself ! if you are the son of god , come down from the cross !
in whose hand is the life of every living thing , the breath of all mankind ?
the king sat on his seat , as at other times , even on the seat by the wall ; and jonathan stood up , and abner sat by saul 's side : but david 's place was empty .
some therefore cried one thing , and some another , for the assembly was in confusion . most of them did n't know why they had come together .
they said , has yahweh indeed spoken only with moses ? has n't he spoken also with us ? yahweh heard it .
and said , i beg you , yahweh , the god of heaven , the great and awesome god , who keeps covenant and loving kindness with those who love him and keep his commandments :
they made bells of pure gold , and put the bells between the pomegranates around the skirts of the robe , between the pomegranates ;
moses spoke to the children of israel ; and all their princes gave him rods , for each prince one , according to their fathers ' houses , even twelve rods : and the rod of aaron was among their rods .
fulfill your promise to your servant , that you may be feared .
he sent yet a third , and they also wounded him , and threw him out .
because they did n't obey the voice of yahweh their god , but transgressed his covenant , even all that moses the servant of yahweh commanded , and would not hear it , nor do it .
this house was finished on the third day of the month adar , which was in the sixth year of the reign of darius the king .
who satisfies your desire with good things , so that your youth is renewed like the eagle 's .
among the sons of the priests there were found who had married foreign women : namely , of the sons of jeshua , the son of jozadak , and his brothers , maaseiah , and eliezer , and jarib , and gedaliah .
their horses were seven hundred thirty - six ; their mules , two hundred forty - five ;
she put her hand to the tent peg , her right hand to the workmen 's hammer ; with the hammer she struck sisera , she struck through his head ; yes , she pierced and struck through his temples .
so i was left alone , and saw this great vision , and there remained no strength in me ; for my comeliness was turned in me into corruption , and i retained no strength .
and you shall love yahweh your god with all your heart , and with all your soul , and with all your might .
yahweh , god of armies , hear my prayer . listen , god of jacob . selah .
he commanded them , saying , this is what you shall tell my lord , esau : this is what your servant , jacob , says . i have lived as a foreigner with laban , and stayed until now .
but he said , on the contrary , blessed are those who hear the word of god , and keep it .
then the lust , when it has conceived , bears sin ; and the sin , when it is full grown , brings forth death .
it will be , that whoever will call on the name of the lord will be saved . '
at the end of the days which the king had appointed for bringing them in , the prince of the eunuchs brought them in before nebuchadnezzar .
the woman of tekoa said to the king , my lord , o king , the iniquity be on me , and on my father 's house ; and the king and his throne be guiltless .
your clothing did n't grow old on you , neither did your foot swell , these forty years .
as for the works of men , by the word of your lips i have kept myself from the ways of the violent .
behold , i will command , says yahweh , and cause them to return to this city ; and they shall fight against it , and take it , and burn it with fire : and i will make the cities of judah a desolation , without inhabitant .
he who is slow to anger has great understanding , but he who has a quick temper displays folly .
i made treasurers over the treasuries , shelemiah the priest , and zadok the scribe , and of the levites , pedaiah : and next to them was hanan the son of zaccur , the son of mattaniah ; for they were counted faithful , and their business was to distribute to their brothers .
then all the jews returned out of all places where they were driven , and came to the land of judah , to gedaliah , to mizpah , and gathered wine and summer fruits very much .
to a foreigner you may lend on interest ; but to your brother you shall not lend on interest , that yahweh your god may bless you in all that you put your hand to , in the land where you go in to possess it .
when the lord shall have washed away the filth of the daughters of zion , and shall have purged the blood of jerusalem from its midst , by the spirit of justice , and by the spirit of burning .
shecaniah the son of jehiel , one of the sons of elam , answered ezra , we have trespassed against our god , and have married foreign women of the peoples of the land : yet now there is hope for israel concerning this thing .
aaron returned to moses to the door of the tent of meeting : and the plague was stayed .
if we confess our sins , he is faithful and righteous to forgive us the sins , and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness .
the staff of his spear was like a weaver 's beam ; and his spear 's head weighed six hundred shekels of iron : and his shield bearer went before him .
and behold there was a man with a withered hand . they asked him , is it lawful to heal on the sabbath day ? that they might accuse him .
it happened the same night , that yahweh said to him , take your father 's bull , even the second bull seven years old , and throw down the altar of baal that your father has , and cut down the asherah that is by it ;
the pharisees came out and began to question him , seeking from him a sign from heaven , and testing him .
after him repaired the priests , the men of the plain .
for this cause i write these things while absent , that i may not deal sharply when present , according to the authority which the lord gave me for building up , and not for tearing down .
out of them shall proceed thanksgiving and the voice of those who make merry : and i will multiply them , and they shall not be few ; i will also glorify them , and they shall not be small .
those who fashion an engraved image are all of them vanity ; and the things that they delight in shall not profit ; and their own witnesses do n't see , nor know : that they may be disappointed .
thus says yahweh : behold , i will raise up against babylon , and against those who dwell in lebkamai , a destroying wind .
moses said , this is the thing which yahweh commanded that you should do : and the glory of yahweh shall appear to you .
behold , he speaks openly , and they say nothing to him . can it be that the rulers indeed know that this is truly the christ ?
in the fourth generation they will come here again , for the iniquity of the amorite is not yet full .
concerning this thing , i begged the lord three times that it might depart from me .
the name of the second , he called ephraim : for god has made me fruitful in the land of my affliction .
the people said to joshua , no ; but we will serve yahweh .
the rough male goat is the king of greece : and the great horn that is between his eyes is the first king .
when his armor bearer saw that saul was dead , he likewise fell on his sword , and died .
he said , brothers and fathers , listen . the god of glory appeared to our father abraham , when he was in mesopotamia , before he lived in haran ,
but woe to you who are rich ! for you have received your consolation .
gideon the son of joash died in a good old age , and was buried in the tomb of joash his father , in ophrah of the abiezrites .
stay with him a few days , until your brother 's fury turns away ;
the servants of achish said to him , is n't this david the king of the land ? did n't they sing one to another about him in dances , saying , saul has slain his thousands , david his ten thousands ? '
it happened , from the day that the ark abode in kiriath jearim , that the time was long ; for it was twenty years : and all the house of israel lamented after yahweh .
one of his disciples , andrew , simon peter 's brother , said to him ,
the woman answered , i have no husband . jesus said to her , you said well , i have no husband , '
but in the eighteenth year of king josiah was this passover kept to yahweh in jerusalem .
his eyes will be red with wine , his teeth white with milk .
will you harass a driven leaf ? will you pursue the dry stubble ?
good and upright is yahweh , therefore he will instruct sinners in the way .
now while paul waited for them at athens , his spirit was provoked within him as he saw the city full of idols .
his disciples said to him , if this is the case of the man with his wife , it is not expedient to marry .
their bulls breed without fail . their cows calve , and do n't miscarry .
one male goat for a sin offering ;
again , when i say to the wicked , you shall surely die ; if he turn from his sin , and do that which is lawful and right ;
these things have i spoken to you , so that you would n't be caused to stumble .
the pharisees therefore said to him , you testify about yourself . your testimony is not valid .
when hezekiah and the princes came and saw the heaps , they blessed yahweh , and his people israel .
then the priest shall command that they take out the stones in which is the plague , and cast them into an unclean place outside of the city :
as for the prince , he shall sit therein as prince to eat bread before yahweh ; he shall enter by the way of the porch of the gate , and shall go out by the way of the same .
god worked special miracles by the hands of paul ,
behold , a woman who had an issue of blood for twelve years came behind him , and touched the tassels of his garment ;
a workman has cast an image , and the goldsmith overlays it with gold , and casts silver chains for it .
yahweh said to moses , tell aaron , stretch out your rod , and strike the dust of the earth , that it may become lice throughout all the land of egypt . '
now the rest of the acts of menahem , and all that he did , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of israel ?
for death is come up into our windows , it is entered into our palaces ; to cut off the children from outside , and the young men from the streets .
he said , please show me your glory .
i made myself gardens and parks , and i planted trees in them of all kinds of fruit .
neither shall you covet your neighbor 's wife ; neither shall you desire your neighbor 's house , his field , or his male servant , or his female servant , his ox , or his donkey , or anything that is your neighbor 's .
we know that god has spoken to moses . but as for this man , we do n't know where he comes from .
their tents and their flocks shall they take ; they shall carry away for themselves their curtains , and all their vessels , and their camels ; and they shall cry to them , terror on every side !
he said to me , to build her a house in the land of shinar . when it is prepared , she will be set there in her own place .
judah sent the kid of the goats by the hand of his friend , the adullamite , to receive the pledge from the woman 's hand , but he did n't find her .
they came , both men and women , as many as were willing - hearted , and brought brooches , earrings , signet rings , and armlets , all jewels of gold ; even every man who offered an offering of gold to yahweh .
moses and eleazar the priest took the gold of them , even all worked jewels .
moses took the anointing oil , and anointed the tabernacle and all that was in it , and sanctified them .
so the king went over to gilgal , and chimham went over with him : and all the people of judah brought the king over , and also half the people of israel .
the man , the master of the house , went out to them , and said to them , no , my brothers , please do n't act so wickedly ; seeing that this man is come into my house , do n't do this folly .
because if our heart condemns us , god is greater than our heart , and knows all things .
we ca n't reach the almighty , he is exalted in power ; in justice and great righteousness he will not oppress .
joab the son of zeruiah was over the army ; and jehoshaphat the son of ahilud was recorder ;
but who can endure the day of his coming ? and who will stand when he appears ? for he is like a refiner 's fire , and like launderer 's soap ;
they answered that they did n't know where it was from .
the lord of that servant will come in a day when he does n't expect it , and in an hour when he does n't know it ,
who died for us , that , whether we wake or sleep , we should live together with him .
i made known to them your name , and will make it known ; that the love with which you loved me may be in them , and i in them .
and the peace of god , which surpasses all understanding , will guard your hearts and your thoughts in christ jesus .
the multitudes said , this is the prophet , jesus , from nazareth of galilee .
so then neither he who plants is anything , nor he who waters , but god who gives the increase .
for however many are the promises of god , in him is the yes . therefore also through him is the amen , to the glory of god through us .
he puts forth his hand on the flinty rock , and he overturns the mountains by the roots .
oh let the nations be glad and sing for joy , for you will judge the peoples with equity , and govern the nations on earth . selah .
outside of the inner gate were chambers for the singers in the inner court , which was at the side of the north gate ; and their prospect was toward the south ; one at the side of the east gate having the prospect toward the north .
you are my king , god . command victories for jacob !
i came this day to the spring , and said , yahweh , the god of my master abraham , if now you do prosper my way which i go
for yahweh your god walks in the midst of your camp , to deliver you , and to give up your enemies before you ; therefore shall your camp be holy , that he may not see an unclean thing in you , and turn away from you .
he went in also to rachel , and he loved also rachel more than leah , and served with him yet seven other years .
do to them as you did to midian , as to sisera , as to jabin , at the river kishon ;
then all the captains of the forces , and johanan the son of kareah , and jezaniah the son of hoshaiah , and all the people from the least even to the greatest , came near ,
if a man dies , shall he live again ? all the days of my warfare would i wait , until my release should come .
the magicians did in like manner with their enchantments , and brought up frogs on the land of egypt .
if you forsake yahweh , and serve foreign gods , then he will turn and do you evil , and consume you , after that he has done you good .
pour out your indignation on them . let the fierceness of your anger overtake them .
you divided the sea before them , so that they went through the midst of the sea on the dry land ; and their pursuers you did cast into the depths , as a stone into the mighty waters .
when paul wanted to enter in to the people , the disciples did n't allow him .
now the children of reuben and the children of gad had a very great multitude of livestock : and when they saw the land of jazer , and the land of gilead , that behold , the place was a place for livestock ;
of the teaching of baptisms , of laying on of hands , of resurrection of the dead , and of eternal judgment .
moreover yahweh your god will send the hornet among them , until those who are left , and hide themselves , perish from before you .
moses said to aaron , and to eleazar and to ithamar , his sons , do n't let the hair of your heads go loose , neither tear your clothes ; that you do n't die , and that he not be angry with all the congregation : but let your brothers , the whole house of israel , bewail the burning which yahweh has kindled .
he who says he is in the light and hates his brother , is in the darkness even until now .
lod , and ono , the valley of craftsmen .
when you are in oppression , and all these things are come on you , in the latter days you shall return to yahweh your god , and listen to his voice :
i , tertius , who write the letter , greet you in the lord .
you who tell good news to zion , go up on a high mountain . you who tell good news to jerusalem , lift up your voice with strength . lift it up . do n't be afraid . say to the cities of judah , behold , your god !
he who oppresses the poor shows contempt for his maker , but he who is kind to the needy honors him .
for wherever the carcass is , there will the vultures be gathered together .
kedemoth with its suburbs , and mephaath with its suburbs ; four cities .
the fortress shall cease from ephraim , and the kingdom from damascus , and the remnant of syria . they will be as the glory of the children of israel , says yahweh of armies .
for the land , where you go in to possess it , is n't as the land of egypt , from whence you came out , where you sowed your seed , and watered it with your foot , as a garden of herbs ;
therefore the wild animals of the desert with the wolves shall dwell there , and the ostriches shall dwell therein : and it shall be no more inhabited forever ; neither shall it be lived in from generation to generation .
but a whole month , until it come out at your nostrils , and it be loathsome to you ; because that you have rejected yahweh who is among you , and have wept before him , saying , why came we forth out of egypt ?
behold , he spreads his light around him . he covers the bottom of the sea .
for he was wiser than all men ; than ethan the ezrahite , and heman , and calcol , and darda , the sons of mahol : and his fame was in all the nations round about .
he said to the king of israel , put your hand on the bow ; and he put his hand on it . elisha laid his hands on the king 's hands .
now therefore call to me all the prophets of baal , all his worshippers , and all his priests ; let none be wanting : for i have a great sacrifice to do to baal ; whoever shall be wanting , he shall not live . but jehu did it in subtlety , to the intent that he might destroy the worshippers of baal .
but if he ca n't afford two turtledoves , or two young pigeons , then he shall bring his offering for that in which he has sinned , the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour for a sin offering . he shall put no oil on it , neither shall he put any frankincense on it , for it is a sin offering .
which is easier to say , your sins are forgiven you ; ' or to say , arise and walk ? '
but he said to them , you give them something to eat . they said , we have no more than five loaves and two fish , unless we should go and buy food for all these people .
but ahaz said , i will not ask , neither will i tempt yahweh .
then david the king went in , and sat before yahweh ; and he said , who am i , yahweh god , and what is my house , that you have brought me thus far ?
the man said , this is now bone of my bones , and flesh of my flesh . she will be called woman , because she was taken out of man .
on the three and twentieth day of the seventh month he sent the people away to their tents , joyful and glad of heart for the goodness that yahweh had shown to david , and to solomon , and to israel his people .
( all of which perish with use ) , according to the precepts and doctrines of men ?
therefore will i also deal in wrath ; my eye shall not spare , neither will i have pity ; and though they cry in my ears with a loud voice , yet will i not hear them .
by patience a ruler is persuaded . a soft tongue breaks the bone .
the caravans that travel beside them turn aside ; they go up into the waste , and perish .
not boasting beyond proper limits in other men 's labors , but having hope that as your faith grows , we will be abundantly enlarged by you in our sphere of influence ,
it happened , when the captains of the chariots saw jehoshaphat , that they said , it is the king of israel . therefore they turned about to fight against him : but jehoshaphat cried out , and yahweh helped him ; and god moved them to depart from him .
their redeemer is strong ; yahweh of armies is his name : he will thoroughly plead their cause , that he may give rest to the earth , and disquiet the inhabitants of babylon .
then said i in my heart , as it happens to the fool , so will it happen even to me ; and why was i then more wise ? then said i in my heart that this also is vanity .
when she had said this , she turned around and saw jesus standing , and did n't know that it was jesus .
be of good courage , and let us play the man for our people , and for the cities of our god : and yahweh do that which seems him good .
because yahweh was not able to bring this people into the land which he swore to them , therefore he has slain them in the wilderness .
to fulfill the word of yahweh by the mouth of jeremiah , until the land had enjoyed its sabbaths : for as long as it lay desolate it kept sabbath , to fulfill seventy years .
but all their works they do to be seen by men . they make their phylacteries broad , enlarge the fringes of their garments ,
so , because you are lukewarm , and neither hot nor cold , i will vomit you out of my mouth .
again he said , to what shall i compare the kingdom of god ?
they made two settings of gold , and two gold rings , and put the two rings on the two ends of the breastplate .
whatever shall touch its flesh shall be holy . when there is any of its blood sprinkled on a garment , you shall wash that on which it was sprinkled in a holy place .
for they all saw him , and were troubled . but he immediately spoke with them , and said to them , cheer up ! it is i ! do n't be afraid .
you daughters of israel , weep over saul , who clothed you in scarlet delicately , who put ornaments of gold on your clothing .
he said to her , what do you want ? she said to him , command that these , my two sons , may sit , one on your right hand , and one on your left hand , in your kingdom .
many of the multitude therefore , when they heard these words , said , this is truly the prophet .
david called one of the young men , and said , go near , and fall on him . he struck him , so that he died .
of asher he said , blessed be asher with children ; let him be acceptable to his brothers , let him dip his foot in oil .
behold , how great a love the father has bestowed on us , that we should be called children of god ! for this cause the world does n't know us , because it did n't know him .
her sister oholibah saw this , yet was she more corrupt in her doting than she , and in her prostitution which were more than the prostitution of her sister .
when aaron lights the lamps at evening , he shall burn it , a perpetual incense before yahweh throughout your generations .
the wicked , in the pride of his face , has no room in his thoughts for god .
he shall sprinkle on him who is to be cleansed from the leprosy seven times , and shall pronounce him clean , and shall let the living bird go into the open field .
this land we took in possession at that time : from aroer , which is by the valley of the arnon , and half the hill country of gilead , and the cities of it , gave i to the reubenites and to the gadites :
which , when it was filled , they drew up on the beach . they sat down , and gathered the good into containers , but the bad they threw away .
it will happen at that time , that i will search jerusalem with lamps , and i will punish the men who are settled on their dregs , who say in their heart , yahweh will not do good , neither will he do evil .
so the priests , and the levites , and the porters , and the singers , and some of the people , and the nethinim , and all israel , lived in their cities . when the seventh month was come , the children of israel were in their cities .
if his father have no brothers , then you shall give his inheritance to his kinsman who is next to him of his family , and he shall possess it : and it shall be to the children of israel a statute and ordinance , as yahweh commanded moses .
samuel said to him , yahweh has torn the kingdom of israel from you this day , and has given it to a neighbor of yours who is better than you .
each one went straight forward : where the spirit was to go , they went ; they did n't turn when they went .
he arose , and came to his father . but while he was still far off , his father saw him , and was moved with compassion , and ran , and fell on his neck , and kissed him .
but we are not of those who shrink back to destruction , but of those who have faith to the saving of the soul .
the sound of the wings of the cherubim was heard even to the outer court , as the voice of god almighty when he speaks .
joy comes to a man with the reply of his mouth . how good is a word at the right time !
that they may know that this is your hand ; that you , yahweh , have done it .
therefore shall you serve your enemies whom yahweh shall send against you , in hunger , and in thirst , and in nakedness , and in want of all things : and he shall put a yoke of iron on your neck , until he have destroyed you .
for the fruit of the spirit is in all goodness and righteousness and truth ,
they will by no means follow a stranger , but will flee from him ; for they do n't know the voice of strangers .
yahweh spoke to moses in the wilderness of sinai , in the first month of the second year after they had come out of the land of egypt , saying ,
if anyone sins , in that he hears the voice of adjuration , he being a witness , whether he has seen or known , if he does n't report it , then he shall bear his iniquity .
i say that your counsel and strength for the war are only vain words . now in whom do you trust , that you have rebelled against me ?
abner had communication with the elders of israel , saying , in times past you sought for david to be king over you :
the crucible is for silver , and the furnace for gold ; but man is refined by his praise .
but of the son he says , your throne , o god , is forever and ever ; the scepter of uprightness is the scepter of your kingdom .
you shall give to the priests the levites who are of the seed of zadok , who are near to me , to minister to me , says the lord yahweh , a young bull for a sin offering .
and to the angel of the assembly in sardis write : he who has the seven spirits of god , and the seven stars says these things : i know your works , that you have a reputation of being alive , but you are dead .
my son , do n't forget my teaching ; but let your heart keep my commandments :
their houses are safe from fear , neither is the rod of god upon them .
then we told them after this manner , what the names of the men were who were making this building .
here is the patience of the saints , those who keep the commandments of god , and the faith of jesus .
the ark of the testimony with its poles , the mercy seat ,
this ezra went up from babylon : and he was a ready scribe in the law of moses , which yahweh , the god of israel , had given ; and the king granted him all his request , according to the hand of yahweh his god on him .
he dealt well with abram for her sake . he had sheep , oxen , male donkeys , male servants , female servants , female donkeys , and camels .
the refining pot is for silver , and the furnace for gold , but yahweh tests the hearts .
but whoever keeps his word , god 's love has most assuredly been perfected in him . this is how we know that we are in him :
it happened on the next day after the new moon , which was the second day , that david 's place was empty : and saul said to jonathan his son , why does n't the son of jesse come to meat , neither yesterday , nor today ?
but to each one of us was the grace given according to the measure of the gift of christ .
those who worship the army of the sky on the housetops , those who worship and swear by yahweh and also swear by malcam ,
he who hates me , hates my father also .
i will fill its mountains with its slain : in your hills and in your valleys and in all your watercourses shall they fall who are slain with the sword .
behold , an angel of the lord stood by them , and the glory of the lord shone around them , and they were terrified .
if the plague comes again , and breaks out in the house , after he has taken out the stones , and after he has scraped the house , and after it was plastered ;
offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving of that which is leavened , and proclaim free will offerings and brag about them : for this pleases you , you children of israel , says the lord yahweh .
having been made perfect , he became to all of those who obey him the author of eternal salvation ,
commit your way to yahweh . trust also in him , and he will do this :
for an angel of the lord went down at certain times into the pool , and stirred up the water . whoever stepped in first after the stirring of the water was made whole of whatever disease he had .
jesus said to them , i am the bread of life . he who comes to me will not be hungry , and he who believes in me will never be thirsty .
he will say , where are their gods , the rock in which they took refuge ;
do n't you consider what this people has spoken , saying , the two families which yahweh did choose , he has cast them off ? thus do they despise my people , that they should be no more a nation before them .
even in the third year of asa king of judah did baasha kill him , and reigned in his place .
your renown went forth among the nations for your beauty ; for it was perfect , through my majesty which i had put on you , says the lord yahweh .
i said , you are gods , all of you are sons of the most high .
for thus says yahweh , the god of israel , the jar of meal shall not empty , neither shall the jar of oil fail , until the day that yahweh sends rain on the earth .
but paul said to them , they have beaten us publicly , without a trial , men who are romans , and have cast us into prison ! do they now release us secretly ? no , most assuredly , but let them come themselves and bring us out !
a voice of the wailing of the shepherds ! for their glory is destroyed : a voice of the roaring of young lions ! for the pride of the jordan is ruined .
we have the more sure word of prophecy ; whereunto you do well that you take heed , as to a lamp shining in a dark place , until the day dawns , and the morning star arises in your hearts :
and the priest shall offer the burnt offering and the meal offering on the altar . the priest shall make atonement for him , and he shall be clean .
all the instruments of the tent in all its service , and all the pins of it , and all the pins of the court , shall be of brass .
yes , the sparrow has found a home , and the swallow a nest for herself , where she may have her young , near your altars , yahweh of armies , my king , and my god .
this saying is faithful and worthy of all acceptance .
for yahweh of armies , who planted you , has pronounced evil against you , because of the evil of the house of israel and of the house of judah , which they have worked for themselves in provoking me to anger by offering incense to baal .
however much she glorified herself , and grew wanton , so much give her of torment and mourning . for she says in her heart , i sit a queen , and am no widow , and will in no way see mourning . '
sing , you heavens , for yahweh has done it ; shout , you lower parts of the earth ; break forth into singing , you mountains , o forest , and every tree therein : for yahweh has redeemed jacob , and will glorify himself in israel .
for you need endurance so that , having done the will of god , you may receive the promise .
in all the land were no women found so beautiful as the daughters of job . their father gave them an inheritance among their brothers .
the noise of the whip , the noise of the rattling of wheels , prancing horses , and bounding chariots ,
they led jesus away to the high priest . all the chief priests , the elders , and the scribes came together with him .
do n't you yet perceive , neither remember the five loaves for the five thousand , and how many baskets you took up ?
unless it is for this one thing that i cried standing among them , concerning the resurrection of the dead i am being judged before you today ! '
the man grew great , and grew more and more until he became very great .
the people said to joshua , yahweh our god will we serve , and to his voice will we listen .
he killed of edom in the valley of salt ten thousand , and took sela by war , and called the name of it joktheel , to this day .
he said to them , is it lawful on the sabbath day to do good , or to do harm ? to save a life , or to kill ? but they were silent .
the house which king solomon built for yahweh , the length of it was sixty cubits , and the breadth of it twenty cubits , and the height of it thirty cubits .
he is like a man building a house , who dug and went deep , and laid a foundation on the rock . when a flood arose , the stream broke against that house , and could not shake it , because it was founded on the rock .
but if you will not listen to me to make the sabbath day holy , and not to bear a burden and enter in at the gates of jerusalem on the sabbath day ; then will i kindle a fire in the gates of it , and it shall devour the palaces of jerusalem , and it shall not be quenched .
at that time , jesus went on the sabbath day through the grain fields . his disciples were hungry and began to pluck heads of grain and to eat .
having condemnation , because they have rejected their first pledge .
and i thank him who enabled me , christ jesus our lord , because he counted me faithful , appointing me to service ;
for we must needs die , and are as water split on the ground , which ca n't be gathered up again ; neither does god take away life , but devises means , that he who is banished not be an outcast from him .
when you rebuke and correct man for iniquity , you consume his wealth like a moth . surely every man is but a breath . selah .
with the merciful you will show yourself merciful . with the perfect man , you will show yourself perfect .
let the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be acceptable in your sight , yahweh , my rock , and my redeemer .
for who is god , except yahweh ? who is a rock , besides our god ,
saul saw and knew that yahweh was with david ; and michal , saul 's daughter , loved him .
he made the ephod of gold , blue , purple , scarlet , and fine twined linen .
but yahweh , who brought you up out of the land of egypt with great power and with an outstretched arm , him shall you fear , and to him shall you bow yourselves , and to him shall you sacrifice :
this was a small thing in your eyes , god ; but you have spoken of your servant 's house for a great while to come , and have regarded me according to the estate of a man of high degree , yahweh god .
why are you in despair , my soul ? why are you disturbed within me ? hope in god ! for i shall still praise him , the saving help of my countenance , and my god .
thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel : go , and tell the men of judah and the inhabitants of jerusalem , will you not receive instruction to listen to my words ? says yahweh .
the way of the wicked is an abomination to yahweh , but he loves him who follows after righteousness .
there was no day like that before it or after it , that yahweh listened to the voice of a man : for yahweh fought for israel .
when i tell the wicked , you shall surely die ; and you give him no warning , nor speak to warn the wicked from his wicked way , to save his life ; the same wicked man shall die in his iniquity ; but his blood will i require at your hand .
he entered again into the synagogue , and there was a man there who had his hand withered .
there is a river , the streams of which make the city of god glad , the holy place of the tents of the most high .
they have all turned aside . they have together become unprofitable . there is no one who does good , no , not , so much as one .
it is better to dwell in the corner of the housetop , than to share a house with a contentious woman .
for if we had n't delayed , surely we would have returned a second time by now .
it shall be that , when they enter in at the gates of the inner court , they shall be clothed with linen garments ; and no wool shall come on them , while they minister in the gates of the inner court , and within .
it happened in the morning watch , that yahweh looked out on the egyptian army through the pillar of fire and of cloud , and confused the egyptian army .
yahweh delivered to me the two tables of stone written with the finger of god ; and on them was written according to all the words , which yahweh spoke with you on the mountain out of the midst of the fire in the day of the assembly .
in his humiliation , his judgment was taken away . who will declare his generation ? for his life is taken from the earth .
now let a little water be fetched , wash your feet , and rest yourselves under the tree .
you blind guides , who strain out a gnat , and swallow a camel !
let pharaoh do this , and let him appoint overseers over the land , and take up the fifth part of the land of egypt 's produce in the seven plenteous years .
aaron shall be gathered to his people ; for he shall not enter into the land which i have given to the children of israel , because you rebelled against my word at the waters of meribah .
in the plain of the jordan did the king cast them , in the clay ground between succoth and zeredah .
for i will restore health to you , and i will heal you of your wounds , says yahweh ; because they have called you an outcast , saying , it is zion , whom no man seeks after .
i am the vine . you are the branches . he who remains in me , and i in him , the same bears much fruit , for apart from me you can do nothing .
they stirred up the people , the elders , and the scribes , and came against him and seized him , and brought him in to the council ,
these four were born to the giant in gath ; and they fell by the hand of david , and by the hand of his servants .
his parents went every year to jerusalem at the feast of the passover .
you uncovered your bow . you called for your sworn arrows . selah . you split the earth with rivers .
you shall walk in all the way which yahweh your god has commanded you , that you may live , and that it may be well with you , and that you may prolong your days in the land which you shall possess .
but when this , your son , came , who has devoured your living with prostitutes , you killed the fattened calf for him . '
they were astonished beyond measure , saying , he has done all things well . he makes even the deaf hear , and the mute speak !
jacob lifted up his eyes , and looked , and , behold , esau was coming , and with him four hundred men . he divided the children between leah , rachel , and the two handmaids .
i will observe your statutes . do n't utterly forsake me . beit
all those who were numbered of the levites , whom moses and aaron and the princes of israel numbered , by their families , and by their fathers ' houses ,
for he has strengthened the bars of your gates . he has blessed your children within you .
and led him to annas first , for he was father - in - law to caiaphas , who was high priest that year .
one of his servants answered , please let some take five of the horses that remain , which are left in the city ( behold , they are as all the multitude of israel who are left in it ; behold , they are as all the multitude of israel who are consumed ) ; and let us send and see .
his power shall be mighty , but not by his own power ; and he shall destroy wonderfully , and shall prosper and do his pleasure ; and he shall destroy the mighty ones and the holy people .
the name of the other was eliezer , for he said , my father 's god was my help and delivered me from pharaoh 's sword .
when its boughs are withered , they will be broken off . the women will come and set them on fire , for they are a people of no understanding . therefore he who made them will not have compassion on them , and he who formed them will show them no favor .
but if the bright spot stays in its place , and has n't spread , it is the scar from the boil ; and the priest shall pronounce him clean .
whatever yahweh pleased , that he has done , in heaven and in earth , in the seas and in all deeps ;
and i will shake all nations . the precious things of all nations will come , and i will fill this house with glory , says yahweh of armies .
i will be his father , and he shall be my son : and i will not take my loving kindness away from him , as i took it from him that was before you ;
seeing a fig tree by the road , he came to it , and found nothing on it but leaves . he said to it , let there be no fruit from you forever ! immediately the fig tree withered away .
he called the multitude to himself with his disciples , and said to them , whoever wants to come after me , let him deny himself , and take up his cross , and follow me .
i will make jerusalem heaps , a dwelling place of jackals ; and i will make the cities of judah a desolation , without inhabitant .
i am not worthy of the least of all the loving kindnesses , and of all the truth , which you have shown to your servant ; for with just my staff i passed over this jordan ; and now i have become two companies .
joshua rose up early in the morning ; and they removed from shittim , and came to the jordan , he and all the children of israel ; and they lodged there before they passed over .
samson said to them , this time shall i be blameless in regard of the philistines , when i do them a mischief .
but in mount zion , there will be those who escape , and it will be holy . the house of jacob will possess their possessions .
it happened at that time , when eli was laid down in his place ( now his eyes had begun to grow dim , so that he could not see ) ,
for this cause it is of faith , that it may be according to grace , to the end that the promise may be sure to all the seed , not to that only which is of the law , but to that also which is of the faith of abraham , who is the father of us all .
it came to pass in the seven and twentieth year , in the first month , in the first day of the month , the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
he made ready his chariot , and took his army with him ;
he spoke to the man clothed in linen , and said , go in between the whirling wheels , even under the cherub , and fill both your hands with coals of fire from between the cherubim , and scatter them over the city . he went in as i watched .
you shall betroth a wife , and another man shall lie with her : you shall build a house , and you shall not dwell therein : you shall plant a vineyard , and shall not use the fruit of it .
and saying , where is the promise of his coming ? for , from the day that the fathers fell asleep , all things continue as they were from the beginning of the creation .
these , therefore , came to philip , who was from bethsaida of galilee , and asked him , saying , sir , we want to see jesus .
for i tell you that to everyone who has , will more be given ; but from him who does n't have , even that which he has will be taken away from him .
he struck them hip and thigh with a great slaughter : and he went down and lived in the cleft of the rock of etam .
to another faith , by the same spirit ; and to another gifts of healings , by the same spirit ;
be prepared , yes , prepare yourself , you , and all your companies who are assembled to you , and be a guard to them .
yahweh preserves all those who love him , but all the wicked he will destroy .
nor the seven loaves for the four thousand , and how many baskets you took up ?
by the rivers of babylon , there we sat down . yes , we wept , when we remembered zion .
and the levite , because he has no portion nor inheritance with you , and the foreigner living among you , and the fatherless , and the widow , who are within your gates , shall come , and shall eat and be satisfied ; that yahweh your god may bless you in all the work of your hand which you do .
they were distressed because they were confident ; they came there , and were confounded .
so he brought down the people to the water : and yahweh said to gideon , everyone who laps of the water with his tongue , as a dog laps , him shall you set by himself ; likewise everyone who bows down on his knees to drink .
every vow , and every binding oath to afflict the soul , her husband may establish it , or her husband may make it void .
when he had looked around at them with anger , being grieved at the hardening of their hearts , he said to the man , stretch out your hand . he stretched it out , and his hand was restored as healthy as the other .
yahweh spoke to moses that same day , saying ,
they are foam on the surface of the waters . their portion is cursed in the earth : they do n't turn into the way of the vineyards .
they die in youth . their life perishes among the unclean .
for israel has forgotten his maker and built palaces ; and judah has multiplied fortified cities ; but i will send a fire on his cities , and it will devour its fortresses .
so then the lord jesus , after he had spoken to them , was received up into heaven , and sat down at the right hand of god .
you afflicted , tossed with tempest , and not comforted , behold , i will set your stones in beautiful colors , and lay your foundations with sapphires .
when you cry , let those who you have gathered deliver you ; but the wind shall take them , a breath shall carry them all away : but he who takes refuge in me shall possess the land , and shall inherit my holy mountain .
therefore i will judge you , house of israel , everyone according to his ways , says the lord yahweh . return you , and turn yourselves from all your transgressions ; so iniquity shall not be your ruin .
all who heard him were amazed at his understanding and his answers .
in the plain of the jordan did the king cast them , in the clay ground between succoth and zarethan .
he measured the length of it , twenty cubits , and the breadth , twenty cubits , before the temple : and he said to me , this is the most holy place .
saul was very angry , and this saying displeased him ; and he said , they have ascribed to david ten thousands , and to me they have ascribed but thousands : and what can he have more but the kingdom ?
you shall fear yahweh your god ; and him shall you serve , and shall swear by his name .
he cried with a mighty voice , saying , fallen , fallen is babylon the great , and she has become a habitation of demons , a prison of every unclean spirit , and a prison of every unclean and hateful bird !
without faith it is impossible to be well pleasing to him , for he who comes to god must believe that he exists , and that he is a rewarder of those who seek him .
yet for all that , when they are in the land of their enemies , i will not reject them , neither will i abhor them , to destroy them utterly , and to break my covenant with them ; for i am yahweh their god ;
but watch yourselves , for they will deliver you up to councils . you will be beaten in synagogues . you will stand before rulers and kings for my sake , for a testimony to them .
surely then shall you lift up your face without spot ; yes , you shall be steadfast , and shall not fear :
as he sat on the mount of olives opposite the temple , peter , james , john , and andrew asked him privately ,
egypt rises up like the nile , and his waters toss themselves like the rivers : and he says , i will rise up , i will cover the earth ; i will destroy cities and the inhabitants of it .
then pharaoh said to him , but what have you lacked with me , that behold , you seek to go to your own country ? he answered , nothing : however only let me depart .
he said to me , daniel , you man greatly beloved , understand the words that i speak to you , and stand upright ; for to you am i now sent . when he had spoken this word to me , i stood trembling .
then joram passed over to zair , and all his chariots with him : and he rose up by night , and struck the edomites who surrounded him , and the captains of the chariots ; and the people fled to their tents .
the elder and the honorable man is the head , and the prophet who teaches lies is the tail .
give diligence to present yourself approved by god , a workman who does n't need to be ashamed , properly handling the word of truth .
holding up the word of life ; that i may have something to boast in the day of christ , that i did n't run in vain nor labor in vain .
that the cities which huram had given to solomon , solomon built them , and caused the children of israel to dwell there .
give thanks to yahweh with the lyre . sing praises to him with the harp of ten strings .
gathering together all the chief priests and scribes of the people , he asked them where the christ would be born .
awake , sword , against my shepherd , and against the man who is close to me , says yahweh of armies . strike the shepherd , and the sheep will be scattered ; and i will turn my hand against the little ones .
when all israel saw that the king did n't listen to them , the people answered the king , saying , what portion have we in david ? neither have we inheritance in the son of jesse : to your tents , israel : now see to your own house , david . so israel departed to their tents .
now therefore take twelve men out of the tribes of israel , for every tribe a man .
they said to joshua , we are your servants . joshua said to them , who are you ? and from whence come you ?
remember now , yahweh , i beg you , how i have walked before you in truth and with a perfect heart , and have done that which is good in your sight . hezekiah wept sore .
for as through the one man 's disobedience many were made sinners , even so through the obedience of the one will many be made righteous .
and you shall give the money , with which the remainder of them is redeemed , to aaron and to his sons .
a devout man , and one who feared god with all his house , who gave gifts for the needy generously to the people , and always prayed to god .
he had a son , whose name was saul , an impressive young man ; and there was not among the children of israel a better person than he . from his shoulders and upward he was higher than any of the people .
samuel said to saul , why have you disquieted me , to bring me up ? saul answered , i am sore distressed ; for the philistines make war against me , and god is departed from me , and answers me no more , neither by prophets , nor by dreams : therefore i have called you , that you may make known to me what i shall do .
but jesus said to him , follow me , and leave the dead to bury their own dead .
now the word of yahweh came to jonah the son of amittai , saying ,
then will i make this house like shiloh , and will make this city a curse to all the nations of the earth .
my soul still remembers them , and is bowed down within me .
but david had brought the ark of god up from kiriath jearim to the place that david had prepared for it ; for he had pitched a tent for it at jerusalem .
to shine on those who sit in darkness and the shadow of death ; to guide our feet into the way of peace .
for i lift up my hand to heaven , and say , as i live forever ,
even a fool , when he keeps silent , is counted wise . when he shuts his lips , he is thought to be discerning .
also solomon sits on the throne of the kingdom .
the field , and the cave that is in it , were deeded to abraham for a possession of a burying place by the children of heth .
but when his heart was lifted up , and his spirit was hardened so that he dealt proudly , he was deposed from his kingly throne , and they took his glory from him :
jacob took to himself rods of fresh poplar , almond , plane tree , peeled white streaks in them , and made the white appear which was in the rods .
for such as are blessed by him shall inherit the land . those who are cursed by him shall be cut off .
there they were in great fear , for god is in the generation of the righteous .
he gave over their livestock also to the hail , and their flocks to hot thunderbolts .
it happened , in process of time , at the end of two years , that his bowels fell out by reason of his sickness , and he died of sore diseases . his people made no burning for him , like the burning of his fathers .
so then , my beloved , even as you have always obeyed , not only in my presence , but now much more in my absence , work out your own salvation with fear and trembling .
for on the first day of the first month began he to go up from babylon ; and on the first day of the fifth month came he to jerusalem , according to the good hand of his god on him .
go , and gather the elders of israel together , and tell them , yahweh , the god of your fathers , the god of abraham , of isaac , and of jacob , has appeared to me , saying , i have surely visited you , and seen that which is done to you in egypt ;
but he who hates his brother is in the darkness , and walks in the darkness , and does n't know where he is going , because the darkness has blinded his eyes .
the appointed charge of the sons of merari shall be the tabernacle 's boards , its bars , its pillars , its sockets , all its instruments , all its service ,
therefore neither the priests of dagon , nor any who come into dagon 's house , tread on the threshold of dagon in ashdod , to this day .
i am afraid for you , that i might have wasted my labor for you .
even the god who executes vengeance for me , who brings down peoples under me ,
and he said , if you will diligently listen to the voice of yahweh your god , and will do that which is right in his eyes , and will pay attention to his commandments , and keep all his statutes , i will put none of the diseases on you , which i have put on the egyptians ; for i am yahweh who heals you .
he made the altar of burnt offering of acacia wood . it was square . its length was five cubits , its breadth was five cubits , and its height was three cubits .
for thus says yahweh : like as i have brought all this great evil on this people , so will i bring on them all the good that i have promised them .
but i must die in this land , i must not go over the jordan ; but you shall go over , and possess that good land .
pharaoh said , i will let you go , that you may sacrifice to yahweh your god in the wilderness , only you shall not go very far away . pray for me .
these are the statutes and the ordinances which you shall observe to do in the land which yahweh , the god of your fathers , has given you to possess it , all the days that you live on the earth .
and their king will go into captivity , he and his princes together , says yahweh .
then job answered ,
the wicked shall be turned back to sheol , even all the nations that forget god .
for yahweh your god is he who goes with you , to fight for you against your enemies , to save you .
nevertheless you shall not build the house ; but your son who shall come forth out of your body , he shall build the house for my name .
there went forth a wind from yahweh , and brought quails from the sea , and let them fall by the camp , about a day 's journey on this side , and a day 's journey on the other side , round about the camp , and about two cubits above the surface of the earth .
hiram king of tyre sent messengers to david , and cedar trees , and masons , and carpenters , to build him a house .
yahweh is my light and my salvation . whom shall i fear ? yahweh is the strength of my life . of whom shall i be afraid ?
you shall not eat it ; that it may go well with you , and with your children after you , when you shall do that which is right in the eyes of yahweh .
beloved , do n't believe every spirit , but test the spirits , whether they are of god , because many false prophets have gone out into the world .
the cloud removed from over the tent ; and behold , miriam was leprous , as white as snow : and aaron looked at miriam , and behold , she was leprous .
wail , you shepherds , and cry ; and wallow in ashes , you principal of the flock ; for the days of your slaughter and of your dispersions are fully come , and you shall fall like a goodly vessel .
now i mean this , that each one of you says , i follow paul , i follow apollos , i follow cephas , and , i follow christ .
for thus says yahweh who created the heavens , the god who formed the earth and made it , who established it and did n't create it a waste , who formed it to be inhabited : i am yahweh ; and there is no one else .
if they be ashamed of all that they have done , make known to them the form of the house , and the fashion of it , and the exits of it , and the entrances of it , and all the forms of it , and all the ordinances of it , and all the forms of it , and all the laws of it ; and write it in their sight ; that they may keep the whole form of it , and all the ordinances of it , and do them .
they took every man his censer , and put fire in them , and laid incense thereon , and stood at the door of the tent of meeting with moses and aaron .
for they refreshed my spirit and yours . therefore acknowledge those who are like that .
woe to you ! for you build the tombs of the prophets , and your fathers killed them .
therefore , i tell you , do n't be anxious for your life : what you will eat , or what you will drink ; nor yet for your body , what you will wear . is n't life more than food , and the body more than clothing ?
what one nation in the earth is like your people israel , whom god went to redeem to himself for a people , to make you a name by great and awesome things , in driving out nations from before your people , whom you redeem out of egypt ?
david said to solomon his son , be strong and of good courage , and do it : do n't be afraid , nor be dismayed ; for yahweh god , even my god , is with you ; he will not fail you , nor forsake you , until all the work for the service of the house of yahweh is finished .
there was much murmuring among the multitudes concerning him . some said , he is a good man . others said , not so , but he leads the multitude astray .
it grieves me that i have set up saul to be king ; for he is turned back from following me , and has not performed my commandments . samuel was angry ; and he cried to yahweh all night .
the children of benjamin did not drive out the jebusites who inhabited jerusalem ; but the jebusites dwell with the children of benjamin in jerusalem to this day .
others , testing him , sought from him a sign from heaven .
she lay at his feet until the morning . she rose up before one could discern another . for he said , let it not be known that the woman came to the threshing floor .
now we know that you know all things , and do n't need for anyone to question you . by this we believe that you came forth from god .
he said to them , go and tell that fox , behold , i cast out demons and perform cures today and tomorrow , and the third day i complete my mission .
you came down also on mount sinai , and spoke with them from heaven , and gave them right ordinances and true laws , good statutes and commandments ,
thus shall you say to the prophet , what has yahweh answered you ? and , what has yahweh spoken ?
then the king of israel called an officer , and said , get quickly micaiah the son of imla .
that they may know from the rising of the sun , and from the west , that there is none besides me : i am yahweh , and there is no one else .
all your enemies have opened their mouth wide against you ; they hiss and gnash the teeth ; they say , we have swallowed her up ; certainly this is the day that we looked for ; we have found , we have seen it .
but all these things are the beginning of birth pains .
he brought aaron 's sons ; and moses put some of the blood on the tip of their right ear , and on the thumb of their right hand , and on the great toe of their right foot ; and moses sprinkled the blood on the altar round about .
those who were numbered of them , according to the number of all the males , from a month old and upward , were six thousand two hundred .
god 's temple that is in heaven was opened , and the ark of the lord 's covenant was seen in his temple . lightnings , sounds , thunders , an earthquake , and great hail followed .
suddenly looking around , they saw no one with them any more , except jesus only .
for the head of syria is damascus , and the head of damascus is rezin ; and within sixty - five years ephraim shall be broken in pieces , so that it shall not be a people ;
the priest shall examine him on the seventh day . if it has spread in the skin , then the priest shall pronounce him unclean . it is the plague of leprosy .
in a controversy they shall stand to judge ; according to my ordinances shall they judge it : and they shall keep my laws and my statutes in all my appointed feasts ; and they shall make my sabbaths holy .
and he went down with them , and came to nazareth . he was subject to them , and his mother kept all these sayings in her heart .
for we will not inherit with them on the other side of the jordan , and forward ; because our inheritance is fallen to us on this side of the jordan eastward .
surely i would speak to the almighty . i desire to reason with god .
they said , yahweh , the god of israel , why has this happened in israel , that there should be today one tribe lacking in israel ?
for when they went up to the valley of eshcol , and saw the land , they discouraged the heart of the children of israel , that they should not go into the land which yahweh had given them .
on the south side shall be the standard of the camp of reuben according to their divisions . the prince of the children of reuben shall be elizur the son of shedeur .
notwithstanding hezekiah humbled himself for the pride of his heart , both he and the inhabitants of jerusalem , so that the wrath of yahweh did n't come on them in the days of hezekiah .
if the avenger of blood pursue after him , then they shall not deliver up the manslayer into his hand ; because he struck his neighbor unawares , and did n't hate him before .
when one told me , saying , behold , saul is dead , thinking to have brought good news , i took hold of him , and killed him in ziklag , which was the reward i gave him for his news .
you shall make them linen breeches to cover the flesh of their nakedness ; from the waist even to the thighs they shall reach :
you make us a byword among the nations , a shaking of the head among the peoples .
solomon sought therefore to kill jeroboam ; but jeroboam arose , and fled into egypt , to shishak king of egypt , and was in egypt until the death of solomon .
this is what yahweh of armies says : these people say , the time has n't yet come , the time for yahweh 's house to be built . '
they struck of moab at that time about ten thousand men , every lusty man , and every man of valor ; and there escaped not a man .
blessed be yahweh , my rock , who teaches my hands to war , and my fingers to battle :
you , son of man , prophesy , and say , thus says the lord yahweh concerning the children of ammon , and concerning their reproach ; and say you , a sword , a sword is drawn , for the slaughter it is furbished , to cause it to devour , that it may be as lightning ;
jehoash slept with his fathers , and was buried in samaria with the kings of israel ; and jeroboam his son reigned in his place .
of it he shall offer one out of each offering for a heave offering to yahweh . it shall be the priest 's who sprinkles the blood of the peace offerings .
when we had sailed slowly many days , and had come with difficulty opposite cnidus , the wind not allowing us further , we sailed under the lee of crete , opposite salmone .
the people , the princes of gilead , said one to another , what man is he who will begin to fight against the children of ammon ? he shall be head over all the inhabitants of gilead .
but the men would n't listen to him : so the man laid hold on his concubine , and brought her forth to them ; and they knew her , and abused her all the night until the morning : and when the day began to spring , they let her go .
so he called them in and lodged them . on the next day peter arose and went out with them , and some of the brothers from joppa accompanied him .
it happened on the next day , that moses went into the tent of the testimony ; and behold , the rod of aaron for the house of levi was budded , and put forth buds , and produced blossoms , and bore ripe almonds .
the days that david reigned over israel were forty years ; seven years reigned he in hebron , and thirty - three years reigned he in jerusalem .
when david inquired of yahweh , he said , you shall not go up : make a circuit behind them , and come on them over against the mulberry trees .
therefore , as sin entered into the world through one man , and death through sin ; and so death passed to all men , because all sinned .
so are the paths of all who forget god . the hope of the godless man shall perish ,
the tombs were opened , and many bodies of the saints who had fallen asleep were raised ;
i , behold , i have appointed with him oholiab , the son of ahisamach , of the tribe of dan ; and in the heart of all who are wise - hearted i have put wisdom , that they may make all that i have commanded you :
yahweh said to joshua , this day have i rolled away the reproach of egypt from off you . therefore the name of that place was called gilgal , to this day .
you have enlarged my steps under me , my feet have not slipped .
cursed be the man who brought news to my father , saying , a boy is born to you ; making him very glad .
now herod was very angry with the people of tyre and sidon . they came with one accord to him , and , having made blastus , the king 's chamberlain , their friend , they asked for peace , because their country depended on the king 's country for food .
take the rod , and assemble the congregation , you , and aaron your brother , and speak you to the rock before their eyes , that it give forth its water ; and you shall bring forth to them water out of the rock ; so you shall give the congregation and their livestock drink .
they arose out of midian , and came to paran ; and they took men with them out of paran , and they came to egypt , to pharaoh king of egypt , who gave him a house , and appointed him food , and gave him land .
he who becomes the father of a fool grieves . the father of a fool has no joy .
they talked with each other about all of these things which had happened .
for because you did n't carry it at the first , yahweh our god made a breach on us , because we did n't seek him according to the ordinance .
also he made before the house two pillars of thirty - five cubits high , and the capital that was on the top of each of them was five cubits .
samuel said to the cook , bring the portion which i gave you , of which i said to you , set it by you .
he said to him , i also am a prophet as you are ; and an angel spoke to me by the word of yahweh , saying , bring him back with you into your house , that he may eat bread and drink water . but he lied to him .
but i have this against you , that you left your first love .
as do mark , aristarchus , demas , and luke , my fellow workers .
around the throne were twenty - four thrones . on the thrones were twenty - four elders sitting , dressed in white garments , with crowns of gold on their heads .
by wisdom yahweh founded the earth . by understanding , he established the heavens .
so they came and called to the porter of the city ; and they told them , saying , we came to the camp of the syrians , and , behold , there was no man there , neither voice of man , but the horses tied , and the donkeys tied , and the tents as they were .
for the kingdom of heaven is like a man who was the master of a household , who went out early in the morning to hire laborers for his vineyard .
they prayed , and said , you , lord , who know the hearts of all men , show which one of these two you have chosen
they shall know that i am yahweh , when i shall disperse them among the nations , and scatter them through the countries .
and whatever you do , work heartily , as for the lord , and not for men ,
remember the former things of old : for i am god , and there is none else ; i am god , and there is none like me ;
they roasted the passover with fire according to the ordinance : and the holy offerings boiled they in pots , and in caldrons , and in pans , and carried them quickly to all the children of the people .
when asa heard these words , and the prophecy of oded the prophet , he took courage , and put away the abominations out of all the land of judah and benjamin , and out of the cities which he had taken from the hill country of ephraim ; and he renewed the altar of yahweh , that was before the porch of yahweh .
then stood up jeshua the son of jozadak , and his brothers the priests , and zerubbabel the son of shealtiel , and his brothers , and built the altar of the god of israel , to offer burnt offerings thereon , as it is written in the law of moses the man of god .
how then was it counted ? when he was in circumcision , or in uncircumcision ? not in circumcision , but in uncircumcision .
the people grieved for benjamin , because that yahweh had made a breach in the tribes of israel .
now the feast of unleavened bread , which is called the passover , drew near .
remember , yahweh , against the children of edom , the day of jerusalem ; who said , raze it ! raze it even to its foundation !
yet he has no root in himself , but endures for a while . when oppression or persecution arises because of the word , immediately he stumbles .
god said , let the waters under the sky be gathered together to one place , and let the dry land appear , and it was so .
you shall be blessed above all peoples : there shall not be male or female barren among you , or among your livestock .
when david came to ziklag , he sent of the spoil to the elders of judah , even to his friends , saying , behold , a present for you of the spoil of the enemies of yahweh :
the philistines gathered themselves together , and came and encamped in shunem : and saul gathered all israel together , and they encamped in gilboa .
every base had four brazen wheels , and axles of brass ; and the four feet of it had supports : beneath the basin were the supports molten , with wreaths at the side of each .
after you shall arise another kingdom inferior to you ; and another third kingdom of brass , which shall bear rule over all the earth .
these twenty years i have been with you . your ewes and your female goats have not cast their young , and i have n't eaten the rams of your flocks .
he killed it ; and moses took the blood , and put it on the horns of the altar round about with his finger , and purified the altar , and poured out the blood at the base of the altar , and sanctified it , to make atonement for it .
hannah prayed , and said : my heart exults in yahweh ; my horn is exalted in yahweh ; my mouth is enlarged over my enemies ; because i rejoice in your salvation .
( that also is accounted a land of rephaim : rephaim lived therein before ; but the ammonites call them zamzummim ,
be careful therefore how you hear . for whoever has , to him will be given ; and whoever does n't have , from him will be taken away even that which he thinks he has .
moreover he who goes into the house while it is shut up shall be unclean until the evening .
the word of yahweh came expressly to ezekiel the priest , the son of buzi , in the land of the chaldeans by the river chebar ; and the hand of yahweh was there on him .
when evening came , they brought to him many possessed with demons . he cast out the spirits with a word , and healed all who were sick ;
they said , the lord needs it .
but he was angry , and would not go in . therefore his father came out , and begged him .
you shall set up the court around it , and hang up the screen of the gate of the court .
he said , thus says yahweh , make this valley full of trenches .
he went his way , and began to proclaim in decapolis how jesus had done great things for him , and everyone marveled .
it happened at that time , when jeroboam went out of jerusalem , that the prophet ahijah the shilonite found him in the way ; now ahijah had clad himself with a new garment ; and they two were alone in the field .
thus says the lord yahweh : because moab and seir say , behold , the house of judah is like all the nations ;
nadab and abihu died before yahweh , when they offered strange fire before yahweh , in the wilderness of sinai , and they had no children . eleazar and ithamar ministered in the priest 's office in the presence of aaron their father .
blessed is the man who makes yahweh his trust , and does n't respect the proud , nor such as turn aside to lies .
in these days , peter stood up in the midst of the disciples ( and the number of names was about one hundred twenty ) , and said ,
he went out from there . he came into his own country , and his disciples followed him .
i know what i will do , so that when i am removed from management , they may receive me into their houses . '
what is it then ? i will pray with the spirit , and i will pray with the understanding also . i will sing with the spirit , and i will sing with the understanding also .
then after a period of fourteen years i went up again to jerusalem with barnabas , taking titus also with me .
you shall write them on the door posts of your house , and on your gates .
the archers have sorely grieved him , shot at him , and persecute him :
so i stood beside him , and killed him , because i was sure that he could not live after that he was fallen : and i took the crown that was on his head , and the bracelet that was on his arm , and have brought them here to my lord .
remember that you magnify his work , whereof men have sung .
immediately in the synagogues he proclaimed the christ , that he is the son of god .
for as the rain comes down and the snow from the sky , and does n't return there , but waters the earth , and makes it bring forth and bud , and gives seed to the sower and bread to the eater ;
i tell you that even so there will be more joy in heaven over one sinner who repents , than over ninety - nine righteous people who need no repentance .
this , your stature , is like a palm tree , your breasts like its fruit .
see how good and how pleasant it is for brothers to live together in unity !
the grace of the lord jesus christ be with you .
you have clothed me with skin and flesh , and knit me together with bones and sinews .
nor to build houses for us to dwell in ; neither have we vineyard , nor field , nor seed :
i am the god of bethel , where you anointed a pillar , where you vowed a vow to me . now arise , get out from this land , and return to the land of your birth .
the king of israel said to jehoshaphat , did n't i tell you that he would not prophesy good concerning me , but evil ?
only to the land of the children of ammon you did n't come near ; all the side of the river jabbok , and the cities of the hill country , and wherever yahweh our god forbade us .
are you the first man who was born ? or were you brought forth before the hills ?
prepare you war against her ; arise , and let us go up at noon . woe to us ! for the day declines , for the shadows of the evening are stretched out .
paul stayed two whole years in his own rented house , and received all who were coming to him ,
yet you shall be brought down to sheol , to the depths of the pit .
saying , to you i will give the land of canaan , the lot of your inheritance ;
but i will leave in the midst of you an afflicted and poor people , and they will take refuge in the name of yahweh .
he found in the temple those who sold oxen , sheep , and doves , and the changers of money sitting .
they came again to jerusalem , and as he was walking in the temple , the chief priests , and the scribes , and the elders came to him ,
it happened , as soon as he had made an end of offering the burnt offering , that jehu said to the guard and to the captains , go in , and kill them ; let none come forth . they struck them with the edge of the sword ; and the guard and the captains cast them out , and went to the city of the house of baal .
they shall know that i am yahweh their god , who brought them forth out of the land of egypt , that i might dwell among them : i am yahweh their god .
those who were numbered of the families of the sons of merari , by their families , by their fathers ' houses ,
if fire breaks out , and catches in thorns so that the shocks of grain , or the standing grain , or the field are consumed ; he who kindled the fire shall surely make restitution .
the consecrated things were six hundred oxen and three thousand sheep .
( he had not consented to their counsel and deed ) , from arimathaea , a city of the jews , who was also waiting for the kingdom of god :
the child grew , and was weaned . abraham made a great feast on the day that isaac was weaned .
when aaron and his sons have finished covering the sanctuary , and all the furniture of the sanctuary , as the camp moves forward ; after that , the sons of kohath shall come to carry it : but they shall not touch the sanctuary , lest they die . these things are the burden of the sons of kohath in the tent of meeting .
elijah answered to the captain of fifty , if i be a man of god , let fire come down from the sky , and consume you and your fifty . fire came down from the sky , and consumed him and his fifty .
all the days of his vow of separation there shall no razor come on his head , until the days are fulfilled , in which he separates himself to yahweh . he shall be holy . he shall let the locks of the hair of his head grow long .
it stood still , but i could n't discern the appearance of it ; a form was before my eyes . silence , then i heard a voice , saying ,
the children of dan went their way : and when micah saw that they were too strong for him , he turned and went back to his house .
our elders and all the inhabitants of our country spoke to us , saying , take provision in your hand for the journey , and go to meet them , and tell them , we are your servants : and now make you a covenant with us .
being assembled together with them , he charged them , do n't depart from jerusalem , but wait for the promise of the father , which you heard from me .
they will see his face , and his name will be on their foreheads .
salt is good , but if the salt becomes flat and tasteless , with what do you season it ?
moses spoke so to the children of israel , but they did n't listen to moses for anguish of spirit , and for cruel bondage .
then she came and told the man of god . he said , go , sell the oil , and pay your debt , and live you and your sons of the rest .
we toil , working with our own hands . when people curse us , we bless . being persecuted , we endure .
i saw something like a sea of glass mixed with fire , and those who overcame the beast , his image , and the number of his name , standing on the sea of glass , having harps of god .
indignation has taken hold on me , because of the wicked who forsake your law .
jehoiada made a covenant between himself , and all the people , and the king , that they should be yahweh 's people .
so that we ourselves boast about you in the assemblies of god for your patience and faith in all your persecutions and in the afflictions which you endure .
you seed of abraham , his servant , you children of jacob , his chosen ones .
they took all the spoil , and all the prey , both of man and of animal .
moreover i said to the king , if it please the king , let letters be given me to the governors beyond the river , that they may let me pass through until i come to judah ;
but the king spared mephibosheth , the son of jonathan the son of saul , because of yahweh 's oath that was between them , between david and jonathan the son of saul .
then he sent out a second on horseback , who came to them , and said , thus says the king , is it peace ? jehu answered , what have you to do with peace ? turn you behind me .
the people got them by stealth that day into the city , as people who are ashamed steal away when they flee in battle .
his going forth is from the end of the heavens , his circuit to its ends ; there is nothing hidden from its heat .
they think it is strange that you do n't run with them into the same excess of riot , blaspheming :
then peter , turning around , saw a disciple following . this was the disciple whom jesus sincerely loved , the one who had also leaned on jesus ' breast at the supper and asked , lord , who is going to betray you ?
it happened when jesus had finished these words , he departed from galilee , and came into the borders of judea beyond the jordan .
the breadth of the entrance was ten cubits ; and the sides of the entrance were five cubits on the one side , and five cubits on the other side : and he measured the length of it , forty cubits , and the breadth , twenty cubits .
to the jews i became as a jew , that i might gain jews ; to those who are under the law , as under the law , that i might gain those who are under the law ;
then jesus said , i will be with you a little while longer , then i go to him who sent me .
that i may take the house of israel in their own heart , because they are all estranged from me through their idols .
i will walk before yahweh in the land of the living .
this shall be the priests ' due from the people , from those who offer a sacrifice , whether it be ox or sheep , that they shall give to the priest the shoulder , and the two cheeks , and the maw .
and i , and all the people who are with me , will approach to the city . it shall happen , when they come out against us , as at the first , that we will flee before them ;
they swore to yahweh with a loud voice , and with shouting , and with trumpets , and with cornets .
you shall not take vengeance , nor bear any grudge against the children of your people ; but you shall love your neighbor as yourself . i am yahweh .
let us therefore draw near with boldness to the throne of grace , that we may receive mercy , and may find grace for help in time of need .
they cried out , away with him ! away with him ! crucify him ! pilate said to them , shall i crucify your king ? the chief priests answered , we have no king but caesar !
can the papyrus grow up without mire ? can the rushes grow without water ?
yahweh your god has multiplied you , and behold , you are this day as the stars of the sky for multitude .
when a great argument arose , the commanding officer , fearing that paul would be torn in pieces by them , commanded the soldiers to go down and take him by force from among them , and bring him into the barracks .
six days you shall gather it , but on the seventh day is the sabbath . in it there shall be none .
but that the world may know that i love the father , and as the father commanded me , even so i do . arise , let us go from here .
he took and put the testimony into the ark , and set the poles on the ark , and put the mercy seat above on the ark .
but if you will not listen to us , to be circumcised , then we will take our sister , and we will be gone .
i will incline my ear to a proverb . i will open my riddle on the harp .
babylon has been a golden cup in yahweh 's hand , who made all the earth drunken : the nations have drunk of her wine ; therefore the nations are mad .
for her sins have reached to the sky , and god has remembered her iniquities .
righteousness will be the belt of his waist , and faithfulness the belt of his waist .
your two breasts are like two fawns that are twins of a roe , which feed among the lilies .
yahweh said to me , take a large tablet , and write on it with a man 's pen , for maher shalal hash baz ; '
joseph commanded his servants , the physicians , to embalm his father ; and the physicians embalmed israel .
yahweh said to moses , stretch out your hand over the land of egypt for the locusts , that they may come up on the land of egypt , and eat every herb of the land , even all that the hail has left .
i will utter my judgments against them touching all their wickedness , in that they have forsaken me , and have burned incense to other gods , and worshiped the works of their own hands .
yes , when i cry , and call for help , he shuts out my prayer .
and they found him , and told him , everyone is looking for you .
for i most assuredly , as being absent in body but present in spirit , have already , as though i were present , judged him who has done this thing .
saying to aaron , make us gods that will go before us , for as for this moses , who led us out of the land of egypt , we do n't know what has become of him . '
your way , god , is in the sanctuary . what god is great like god ?
god said to noah , this is the token of the covenant which i have established between me and all flesh that is on the earth .
do n't let kindness and truth forsake you . bind them around your neck . write them on the tablet of your heart .
and i will bring back all the people to you : the man whom you seek is as if all returned : so all the people shall be in peace .
and had taken captive the women and all who were therein , both small and great : they did n't kill any , but carried them off , and went their way .
give no occasions for stumbling , either to jews , or to greeks , or to the assembly of god ;
listen you to the petitions of your servant , and of your people israel , when they shall pray toward this place : yes , hear from your dwelling place , even from heaven ; and when you hear , forgive .
nor did i go up to jerusalem to those who were apostles before me , but i went away into arabia . then i returned to damascus .
then said jonathan to david , whatever your soul desires , i will even do it for you .
god has shown himself in her citadels as a refuge .
so he made two doors of olive wood ; and he carved on them carvings of cherubim and palm trees and open flowers , and overlaid them with gold ; and he spread the gold on the cherubim , and on the palm trees .
he will judge among the nations . he will heap up dead bodies . he will crush the ruler of the whole earth .
take aaron and his sons with him , and the garments , and the anointing oil , and the bull of the sin offering , and the two rams , and the basket of unleavened bread ;
but every woman praying or prophesying with her head unveiled dishonors her head . for it is one and the same thing as if she were shaved .
but we will bless yah , from this time forth and forevermore . praise yah !
besides the continual burnt offering , and the meal offering of it , you shall offer them ( they shall be to you without blemish ) , and their drink offerings .
he sings before men , and says , i have sinned , and perverted that which was right , and it did n't profit me .
now consider this , you who forget god , lest i tear you into pieces , and there be none to deliver .
if a man have committed a sin worthy of death , and he be put to death , and you hang him on a tree ;
thus he said , the fourth animal shall be a fourth kingdom on earth , which shall be diverse from all the kingdoms , and shall devour the whole earth , and shall tread it down , and break it in pieces .
if your father miss me at all , then say , david earnestly asked leave of me that he might run to bethlehem his city ; for it is the yearly sacrifice there for all the family .
lord , how long will you look on ? rescue my soul from their destruction , my precious life from the lions .
again , i write a new commandment to you , which is true in him and in you ; because the darkness is passing away , and the true light already shines .
the men of nineveh will stand up in the judgment with this generation , and will condemn it , for they repented at the preaching of jonah ; and behold , someone greater than jonah is here .
they rose up in the morning early , and worshiped before yahweh , and returned , and came to their house to ramah : and elkanah knew hannah his wife ; and yahweh remembered her .
sing , heavens ; and be joyful , earth ; and break forth into singing , mountains : for yahweh has comforted his people , and will have compassion on his afflicted .
yahweh said to him , go down and you shall bring aaron up with you , but do n't let the priests and the people break through to come up to yahweh , lest he break forth on them .
then there were two robbers crucified with him , one on his right hand and one on the left .
after the two days he went out from there and went into galilee .
why was n't this ointment sold for three hundred denarii , and given to the poor ?
as you still exalt yourself against my people , that you wo n't let them go .
then i came to them of the captivity at tel aviv , that lived by the river chebar , and to where they lived ; and i sat there overwhelmed among them seven days .
for he knew him who would betray him , therefore he said , you are not all clean .
it happened , when moses came down from mount sinai with the two tablets of the testimony in moses ' hand , when he came down from the mountain , that moses did n't know that the skin of his face shone by reason of his speaking with him .
but he does n't know that the dead are there , that her guests are in the depths of sheol .
not only is there danger that this our trade come into disrepute , but also that the temple of the great goddess artemis will be counted as nothing , and her majesty destroyed , whom all asia and the world worships .
therefore when the lord knew that the pharisees had heard that jesus was making and baptizing more disciples than john
surely the lord yahweh will do nothing , unless he reveals his secret to his servants the prophets .
many times he delivered them , but they were rebellious in their counsel , and were brought low in their iniquity .
phinehas the son of eleazar was ruler over them in time past , and yahweh was with him .
the work of the bases was on this manner : they had panels ; and there were panels between the ledges ;
only you shall not eat its blood ; you shall pour it out on the ground as water .
saul said , blessed be you of yahweh ; for you have had compassion on me .
but the wise answered , saying , what if there is n't enough for us and you ? you go rather to those who sell , and buy for yourselves . '
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
they open their mouths wide against me , lions tearing prey and roaring .
he did n't lay his hand on the nobles of the children of israel . they saw god , and ate and drank .
those who are perverse in heart are an abomination to yahweh , but those whose ways are blameless are his delight .
yahweh spoke to gad , david 's seer , saying ,
let them praise yahweh for his loving kindness , for his wonderful works for the children of men !
the third lot came up for the children of zebulun according to their families ; and the border of their inheritance was to sarid ;
it happened , when he had come , that he blew a trumpet in the hill country of ephraim ; and the children of israel went down with him from the hill country , and he before them .
i have called to you . save me ! i will obey your statutes .
this is how you shall make it . the length of the ark will be three hundred cubits , the breadth of it fifty cubits , and the height of it thirty cubits .
whether it has gored a son or has gored a daughter , according to this judgment it shall be done to him .
yahweh heard the voice of your words , when you spoke to me ; and yahweh said to me , i have heard the voice of the words of this people , which they have spoken to you : they have well said all that they have spoken .
if he be able to fight with me , and kill me , then will we be your servants ; but if i prevail against him , and kill him , then shall you be our servants , and serve us .
and hope does n't disappoint us , because god 's love has been poured out into our hearts through the holy spirit who was given to us .
but to you , yahweh , i have cried . in the morning , my prayer comes before you .
but you , son of man , hear what i tell you ; do n't be you rebellious like that rebellious house : open your mouth , and eat that which i give you .
while the children of israel were in the wilderness , they found a man gathering sticks on the sabbath day .
but of which of the angels has he said at any time , sit at my right hand , until i make your enemies the footstool of your feet ?
all of them come for violence . their hordes face the desert . he gathers prisoners like sand .
he was returning and sitting in his chariot , and was reading the prophet isaiah .
as for those of you who are left , i will send a faintness into their hearts in the lands of their enemies : and the sound of a driven leaf will put them to flight ; and they shall flee , as one flees from the sword ; and they will fall when no one pursues .
he did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh : he did n't depart all his days from the sins of jeroboam the son of nebat , with which he made israel to sin .
but put forth your hand now , and touch all that he has , and he will renounce you to your face .
and tore the kingdom away from the house of david , and gave it you ; and yet you have not been as my servant david , who kept my commandments , and who followed me with all his heart , to do that only which was right in my eyes ,
you shall see the affliction of my habitation , in all the wealth which god shall give israel ; and there shall not be an old man in your house forever .
samaria and her king float away , like a twig on the water .
the leach has two daughters : give , give . ' there are three things that are never satisfied ; four that do n't say , enough : '
so he arose and went to zarephath ; and when he came to the gate of the city , behold , a widow was there gathering sticks : and he called to her , and said , please get me a little water in a vessel , that i may drink .
they shall keep all the furnishings of the tent of meeting , and the obligations of the children of israel , to do the service of the tabernacle .
now it happened , after that amaziah was come from the slaughter of the edomites , that he brought the gods of the children of seir , and set them up to be his gods , and bowed down himself before them , and burned incense to them .
i applied my heart to know wisdom , and to know madness and folly . i perceived that this also was a chasing after wind .
have n't you , god , rejected us ? you do n't go out with our armies , god .
micah said to him , whence come you ? he said to him , i am a levite of bethlehem judah , and i go to sojourn where i may find a place .
then stood up on the stairs of the levites , jeshua , and bani , kadmiel , shebaniah , bunni , sherebiah , bani , and chenani , and cried with a loud voice to yahweh their god .
these are the words of the covenant which yahweh commanded moses to make with the children of israel in the land of moab , besides the covenant which he made with them in horeb .
the winepress was trodden outside of the city , and blood came out from the winepress , even to the bridles of the horses , as far as one thousand six hundred stadia .
yahweh spoke to joshua , saying ,
they came to a place which was named gethsemane . he said to his disciples , sit here , while i pray .
the king made of the algum trees terraces for the house of yahweh , and for the king 's house , and harps and psalteries for the singers : and there were none such seen before in the land of judah .
then said zedekiah to jeremiah , let no man know of these words , and you shall not die .
oh , send out your light and your truth . let them lead me . let them bring me to your holy hill , to your tents .
he has shown his people the power of his works , in giving them the heritage of the nations .
in the third year of cyrus king of persia a thing was revealed to daniel , whose name was called belteshazzar ; and the thing was true , even a great warfare : and he understood the thing , and had understanding of the vision .
god will likewise destroy you forever . he will take you up , and pluck you out of your tent , and root you out of the land of the living . selah .
we made a raid on the south of the cherethites , and on that which belongs to judah , and on the south of caleb ; and we burned ziklag with fire .
do n't say , a conspiracy ! ' concerning all about which this people say , a conspiracy ! ' neither fear their threats , nor be terrorized .
who alone has immortality , dwelling in unapproachable light ; whom no man has seen , nor can see : to whom be honor and eternal power . amen .
for i will send pestilence into her , and blood into her streets ; and the wounded shall fall in the midst of her , with the sword on her on every side ; and they shall know that i am yahweh .
the haters of yahweh would cringe before him , and their punishment would last forever .
hear my voice , god , in my complaint . preserve my life from fear of the enemy .
when the voice came , jesus was found alone . they were silent , and told no one in those days any of the things which they had seen .
gave his offering : one silver platter , the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels , one silver bowl of seventy shekels , after the shekel of the sanctuary ; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering ;
who serve a copy and shadow of the heavenly things , even as moses was warned by god when he was about to make the tabernacle , for he said , see , you shall make everything according to the pattern that was shown to you on the mountain .
it will be , that every soul that will not listen to that prophet will be utterly destroyed from among the people . '
yahweh said to moses , i will do this thing also that you have spoken ; for you have found favor in my sight , and i know you by name .
he did n't allow him , but said to him , go to your house , to your friends , and tell them what great things the lord has done for you , and how he had mercy on you .
set up road signs , make guideposts ; set your heart toward the highway , even the way by which you went : turn again , virgin of israel , turn again to these your cities .
the merciful man does good to his own soul , but he who is cruel troubles his own flesh .
the men of his city , even the elders and the nobles who lived in his city , did as jezebel had sent to them , according as it was written in the letters which she had sent to them .
but if you had known what this means , i desire mercy , and not sacrifice , ' you would not have condemned the guiltless .
who has declared it from the beginning , that we may know ? and before , that we may say , he is right ? ' surely , there is no one who declares . surely , there is no one who shows . surely , there is no one who hears your words .
now when jesus was in bethany , in the house of simon the leper ,
while they still did n't believe for joy , and wondered , he said to them , do you have anything here to eat ?
ascribe to yahweh , you relatives of the peoples , ascribe to yahweh glory and strength ;
she said to them , thus says yahweh , the god of israel : tell you the man who sent you to me ,
he saw a certain poor widow casting in two small brass coins .
yahweh said to me , take for yourself yet again the equipment of a foolish shepherd .
he raises his hands against his friends . he has violated his covenant .
joshua sent men from jericho to ai , which is beside beth aven , on the east side of bethel , and spoke to them , saying , go up and spy out the land . the men went up and spied out ai .
when i tried to understand this , it was too painful for me ;
he said to them , this kind can come out by nothing , except by prayer and fasting .
against him came up nebuchadnezzar king of babylon , and bound him in fetters , to carry him to babylon .
in that day , says yahweh , i will assemble that which is lame , and i will gather that which is driven away , and that which i have afflicted ;
i know how to be humbled , and i know also how to abound . in everything and in all things i have learned the secret both to be filled and to be hungry , both to abound and to be in need .
i heard , and my body trembled . my lips quivered at the voice . rottenness enters into my bones , and i tremble in my place , because i must wait quietly for the day of trouble , for the coming up of the people who invade us .
it happened in those days , that jesus came from nazareth of galilee , and was baptized by john in the jordan .
the jailer , being roused out of sleep and seeing the prison doors open , drew his sword and was about to kill himself , supposing that the prisoners had escaped .
it happened in the eleventh year , in the first day of the month , that the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
behold , then i would wander far off . i would lodge in the wilderness . selah .
salvation from our enemies , and from the hand of all who hate us ;
so samuel brought all the tribes of israel near , and the tribe of benjamin was taken .
the enemy is overtaken by endless ruin . the very memory of the cities which you have overthrown has perished .
see you how ahab humbles himself before me ? because he humbles himself before me , i will not bring the evil in his days ; but in his son 's days will i bring the evil on his house .
how is sheshach taken ! and the praise of the whole earth seized ! how is babylon become a desolation among the nations !
in his right hand was the divination for jerusalem , to set battering rams , to open the mouth in the slaughter , to lift up the voice with shouting , to set battering rams against the gates , to cast up mounds , to build forts .
therefore martha said to jesus , lord , if you would have been here , my brother would n't have died .
the seventh angel sounded , and great voices in heaven followed , saying , the kingdom of the world has become the kingdom of our lord , and of his christ . he will reign forever and ever !
of the children of dan , their generations , by their families , by their fathers ' houses , according to the number of the names , from twenty years old and upward , all who were able to go forth to war ;
because of the ground which is cracked , because no rain has been in the land , the plowmen are disappointed , they cover their heads .
then you shall sound the loud trumpet on the tenth day of the seventh month . on the day of atonement you shall sound the trumpet throughout all your land .
it happened after a while , that the brook dried up , because there was no rain in the land .
yes , if you call out for discernment , and lift up your voice for understanding ;
they chose new gods ; then was war in the gates : was there a shield or spear seen among forty thousand in israel ?
yahweh said to gideon , by the three hundred men who lapped will i save you , and deliver the midianites into your hand ; and let all the people go every man to his place .
this continued for two years , so that all those who lived in asia heard the word of the lord jesus , both jews and greeks .
then eli answered , go in peace ; and the god of israel grant your petition that you have asked of him .
he looked this way and that way , and when he saw that there was no one , he killed the egyptian , and hid him in the sand .
for this cause , brothers , we were comforted over you in all our distress and affliction through your faith .
behold , a man from the crowd called out , saying , teacher , i beg you to look at my son , for he is my only child .
that the name of our lord jesus may be glorified in you , and you in him , according to the grace of our god and the lord jesus christ .
for in this mountain the hand of yahweh will rest . moab will be trodden down in his place , even like straw is trodden down in the water of the dunghill .
have n't i commanded you ? be strong and of good courage ; do n't be afraid , neither be dismayed : for yahweh your god is with you wherever you go .
then sang deborah and barak the son of abinoam on that day , saying ,
whoever touches anything that was under him shall be unclean until the evening . he who carries those things shall wash his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and be unclean until the evening .
whom not having known you love ; in whom , though now you do n't see him , yet believing , you rejoice greatly with joy unspeakable and full of glory
i will shoot three arrows on the side of it , as though i shot at a mark .
then the five men who went to spy out the country of laish answered , and said to their brothers , do you know that there is in these houses an ephod , and teraphim , and an engraved image , and a molten image ? now therefore consider what you have to do .
there is a grievous evil which i have seen under the sun : wealth kept by its owner to his harm .
out of his mouth go burning torches , sparks of fire leap forth .
he sent a man before them . joseph was sold for a slave .
do n't desire the night , when people are cut off in their place .
and say , thus says the lord yahweh : a great eagle with great wings and long feathers , full of feathers , which had various colors , came to lebanon , and took the top of the cedar :
adam was n't deceived , but the woman , being deceived , has fallen into disobedience ;
he said to them , is it well with him ? they said , it is well . see , rachel , his daughter , is coming with the sheep .
that day is a day of wrath , a day of distress and anguish , a day of trouble and ruin , a day of darkness and gloom , a day of clouds and blackness ,
go up into gilead , and take balm , virgin daughter of egypt : in vain do you use many medicines ; there is no healing for you .
the destroyer shall come on every city , and no city shall escape ; the valley also shall perish , and the plain shall be destroyed ; as yahweh has spoken .
it happened at the end of three years , that two of the servants of shimei ran away to achish , son of maacah , king of gath . they told shimei , saying , behold , your servants are in gath .
for neither from the east , nor from the west , nor yet from the south , comes exaltation .
david longed , and said , oh that one would give me water to drink of the well of bethlehem , which is by the gate !
when forty years were fulfilled , an angel of the lord appeared to him in the wilderness of mount sinai , in a flame of fire in a bush .
sixteen years old was he when he began to reign ; and he reigned fifty - two years in jerusalem : and his mother 's name was jecoliah of jerusalem .
but you shall offer an offering made by fire , a burnt offering to yahweh : two young bulls , and one ram , and seven male lambs a year old ; they shall be to you without blemish ;
do n't you know that your bodies are members of christ ? shall i then take the members of christ , and make them members of a prostitute ? may it never be !
then menahem struck tiphsah , and all who were therein , and the borders of it , from tirzah : because they did n't open to him , therefore he struck it ; and all the women therein who were with child he ripped up .
for where two or three are gathered together in my name , there i am in the midst of them .
therefore they called these days purim , after the name of pur . therefore because of all the words of this letter , and of that which they had seen concerning this matter , and that which had come to them ,
now in the fifth month , on the seventh day of the month , which was the nineteenth year of king nebuchadnezzar , king of babylon , came nebuzaradan the captain of the guard , a servant of the king of babylon , to jerusalem .
he took the twelve aside , and said to them , behold , we are going up to jerusalem , and all the things that are written through the prophets concerning the son of man will be completed .
david was afraid of yahweh that day ; and he said , how shall the ark of yahweh come to me ?
his bones are like tubes of brass . his limbs are like bars of iron .
it was so , when elisha the man of god heard that the king of israel had torn his clothes , that he sent to the king , saying , why have you torn your clothes ? let him come now to me , and he shall know that there is a prophet in israel .
he broke in pieces the pillars , and cut down the asherim , and filled their places with the bones of men .
the birds of the sky , the fish of the sea , and whatever passes through the paths of the seas .
from the days of john the baptizer until now , the kingdom of heaven suffers violence , and the violent take it by force .
he went to his father 's house at ophrah , and killed his brothers the sons of jerubbaal , being seventy persons , on one stone : but jotham the youngest son of jerubbaal was left ; for he hid himself .
the heart of the rash will understand knowledge , and the tongue of the stammerers will be ready to speak plainly .
to them it was revealed , that not to themselves , but to you , did they minister these things , which now have been announced to you through those who preached the good news to you by the holy spirit sent out from heaven ; which things angels desire to look into .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
i coveted no one 's silver , or gold , or clothing .
the glory of yahweh went up from the midst of the city , and stood on the mountain which is on the east side of the city .
the lips of the righteous feed many , but the foolish die for lack of understanding .
the women said to naomi , blessed be yahweh , who has not left you this day without a near kinsman ; and let his name be famous in israel .
their heart is as callous as the fat , but i delight in your law .
god will not withdraw his anger ; the helpers of rahab stoop under him .
as valleys are they spread forth , as gardens by the riverside , as aloes which yahweh has planted , as cedar trees beside the waters .
again he returned , and found them sleeping , for their eyes were very heavy , and they did n't know what to answer him .
the light shines in the darkness , and the darkness has n't overcome it .
this i say therefore , and testify in the lord , that you no longer walk as the rest of the gentiles also walk , in the futility of their mind ,
out of the tribe of dan , elteke with its suburbs , gibbethon with its suburbs ,
standing still , jesus commanded him to be brought to him . when he had come near , he asked him ,
for you say , where is the house of the prince ? where is the tent in which the wicked lived ? '
for as the churning of milk brings forth butter , and the wringing of the nose brings forth blood ; so the forcing of wrath brings forth strife .
one law shall be to him who is born at home , and to the stranger who lives as a foreigner among you .
moses said to yahweh , then the egyptians will hear it ; for you brought up this people in your might from among them ;
ishmael , his son , was thirteen years old when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin .
when they heard that he was alive , and had been seen by her , they disbelieved .
declare his glory among the nations , his marvelous works among all the peoples .
then uzziah was angry ; and he had a censer in his hand to burn incense ; and while he was angry with the priests , the leprosy broke forth in his forehead before the priests in the house of yahweh , beside the altar of incense .
tamar put ashes on her head , and tore her garment of various colors that was on her ; and she laid her hand on her head , and went her way , crying aloud as she went .
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
no hand shall touch him , but he shall surely be stoned or shot through ; whether it is animal or man , he shall not live . ' when the trumpet sounds long , they shall come up to the mountain .
in the twentieth year of jeroboam king of israel began asa to reign over judah .
he made him ride on the high places of the earth , he ate the increase of the field ; he made him to suck honey out of the rock , oil out of the flinty rock ;
the lord said to the servant , go out into the highways and hedges , and compel them to come in , that my house may be filled .
blessed are those who mourn , for they shall be comforted .
for the sake of the house of yahweh our god , i will seek your good .
for those who have served well as deacons gain to themselves a good standing , and great boldness in the faith which is in christ jesus .
they have ears , but they do n't hear ; they have noses , but they do n't smell ;
it happened , when they were come into samaria , that elisha said , yahweh , open the eyes of these men , that they may see . yahweh opened their eyes , and they saw ; and behold , they were in the midst of samaria .
but absalom fled . the young man who kept the watch lifted up his eyes , and looked , and behold , many people were coming by way of the hillside behind him .
behold , i have made you into a new sharp threshing instrument with teeth . you will thresh the mountains , and beat them small , and will make the hills like chaff .
there were four tables for the burnt offering , of hewn stone , a cubit and a half long , and a cubit and a half broad , and one cubit high ; whereupon they laid the instruments with which they killed the burnt offering and the sacrifice .
now if there was perfection through the levitical priesthood ( for under it the people have received the law ) , what further need was there for another priest to arise after the order of melchizedek , and not be called after the order of aaron ?
jesus sat down opposite the treasury , and saw how the multitude cast money into the treasury . many who were rich cast in much .
it will never be inhabited , neither will it be lived in from generation to generation . the arabian will not pitch a tent there , neither will shepherds make their flocks lie down there .
moreover you shall take no ransom for the life of a murderer who is guilty of death ; but he shall surely be put to death .
now i have prepared with all my might for the house of my god the gold for the things of gold , and the silver for the things of silver , and the brass for the things of brass , the iron for the things of iron , and wood for the things of wood ; onyx stones , and stones to be set , stones for inlaid work , and of various colors , and all manner of precious stones , and marble stones in abundance .
forty - two years old was ahaziah when he began to reign ; and he reigned one year in jerusalem : and his mother 's name was athaliah the daughter of omri .
to man he said , behold , the fear of the lord , that is wisdom . to depart from evil is understanding . '
he is conceited , knowing nothing , but obsessed with arguments , disputes , and word battles , from which come envy , strife , reviling , evil suspicions ,
he spoke of trees , from the cedar that is in lebanon even to the hyssop that springs out of the wall ; he spoke also of animals , and of birds , and of creeping things , and of fish .
the heart of one who has understanding seeks knowledge , but the mouths of fools feed on folly .
she gave the king one hundred twenty talents of gold , and of spices very great store , and precious stones : there came no more such abundance of spices as these which the queen of sheba gave to king solomon .
if your brother has grown poor among you , and sells himself to you ; you shall not make him to serve as a slave .
do n't take any gold , nor silver , nor brass in your money belts .
yahweh 's works are great , pondered by all those who delight in them .
as also you acknowledged us in part , that we are your boasting , even as you also are ours , in the day of our lord jesus .
now when joab saw that the battle was set against him before and behind , he chose of all the choice men of israel , and put them in array against the syrians .
all the people of the surrounding country of the gadarenes asked him to depart from them , for they were very much afraid . he entered into the boat , and returned .
also i spoke to the priests and to all this people , saying , thus says yahweh : do n't listen to the words of your prophets who prophesy to you , saying , behold , the vessels of yahweh 's house shall now shortly be brought again from babylon ; for they prophesy a lie to you .
i , yahweh , have called you in righteousness , and will hold your hand , and will keep you , and make you a covenant for the people , as a light for the nations ;
now i tell you , withdraw from these men , and leave them alone . for if this counsel or this work is of men , it will be overthrown .
take away the wicked from the king 's presence , and his throne will be established in righteousness .
you shall fear yahweh your god ; him shall you serve ; and to him shall you cleave , and by his name shall you swear .
because i feared the great multitude , and the contempt of families terrified me , so that i kept silence , and did n't go out of the door
and set forth customs which it is not lawful for us to accept or to observe , being romans .
it happened on the next day , when the philistines came to strip the slain , that they found saul and his three sons fallen on mount gilboa .
he is clothed in a garment sprinkled with blood . his name is called the word of god .
in the same hour came forth the fingers of a man 's hand , and wrote over against the lampstand on the plaster of the wall of the king 's palace : and the king saw the part of the hand that wrote .
you shall remember that you were a bondservant in the land of egypt : therefore i command you to do this thing .
and all these blessings shall come on you , and overtake you , if you shall listen to the voice of yahweh your god .
and to know christ 's love which surpasses knowledge , that you may be filled with all the fullness of god .
so that there was the face of a man toward the palm tree on the one side , and the face of a young lion toward the palm tree on the other side . thus was it made through all the house round about :
if your people go out to battle against their enemies , by whatever way you shall send them , and they pray to you toward this city which you have chosen , and the house which i have built for your name ;
the jews therefore sought him at the feast , and said , where is he ?
regard the patience of our lord as salvation ; even as our beloved brother paul also , according to the wisdom given to him , wrote to you ;
after this manner he made the ten bases : all of them had one casting , one measure , and one form .
yahweh will be king over all the earth . in that day yahweh will be one , and his name one .
now he is not the god of the dead , but of the living , for all are alive to him .
leah conceived , and bore a son , and she named him reuben . for she said , because yahweh has looked at my affliction . for now my husband will love me .
and that most of the brothers in the lord , being confident through my bonds , are more abundantly bold to speak the word of god without fear .
for they intended evil against you . they plotted evil against you which can not succeed .
a man 's gift makes room for him , and brings him before great men .
i will offer to you the sacrifice of thanksgiving , and will call on the name of yahweh .
withstand him steadfast in your faith , knowing that your brothers who are in the world are undergoing the same sufferings .
so all the elders of israel came to the king to hebron ; and david made a covenant with them in hebron before yahweh ; and they anointed david king over israel , according to the word of yahweh by samuel .
when you saw that nahash the king of the children of ammon came against you , you said to me , no , but a king shall reign over us ; when yahweh your god was your king .
but truly i tell you , there were many widows in israel in the days of elijah , when the sky was shut up three years and six months , when a great famine came over all the land .
joseph brought in jacob , his father , and set him before pharaoh , and jacob blessed pharaoh .
i will bless those who bless you , and i will curse him who curses you . in you will all of the families of the earth be blessed .
when you eat , and when you drink , do n't you eat for yourselves , and drink for yourselves ?
because your heart was tender , and you did humble yourself before god , when you heard his words against this place , and against the inhabitants of it , and have humbled yourself before me , and have torn your clothes , and wept before me ; i also have heard you , says yahweh .
therefore you testify to yourselves that you are children of those who killed the prophets .
you also put my feet in the stocks , and mark all my paths . you set a bound to the soles of my feet :
when they had come in , they went up into the upper room , where they were staying ; that is peter , john , james , andrew , philip , thomas , bartholomew , matthew , james the son of alphaeus , simon the zealot , and judas the son of james .
i will also praise you with the harp for your faithfulness , my god . i sing praises to you with the lyre , holy one of israel .
they insulted him and said , you are his disciple , but we are disciples of moses .
she said , give me a blessing ; for that you have set me in the land of the south , give me also springs of water . he gave her the upper springs and the lower springs .
then sarah denied , saying , i did n't laugh , for she was afraid . he said , no , but you did laugh .
benjamin returned at that time ; and they gave them the women whom they had saved alive of the women of jabesh gilead : and yet so they were n't enough for them .
i therefore , the prisoner in the lord , beg you to walk worthily of the calling with which you were called ,
jehoshaphat his son reigned in his place , and strengthened himself against israel .
and every spirit who does n't confess that jesus christ has come in the flesh is not of god , and this is the spirit of the antichrist , of whom you have heard that it comes . now it is in the world already .
he touched her hand , and the fever left her . she got up and served him .
one of his heads looked like it had been wounded fatally . his fatal wound was healed , and the whole earth marveled at the beast .
furthermore he made the court of the priests , and the great court , and doors for the court , and overlaid the doors of them with brass .
the flood was forty days on the earth . the waters increased , and lifted up the ark , and it was lifted up above the earth .
if you seek her as silver , and search for her as for hidden treasures :
then the elders of his city shall call him , and speak to him : and if he stand , and say , i do n't want to take her ;
now it happened , when all the people were baptized , jesus also had been baptized , and was praying . the sky was opened ,
and ain with its suburbs , and juttah with its suburbs , and beth shemesh with its suburbs ; nine cities out of those two tribes .
there were also others , two criminals , led with him to be put to death .
one who plots to do evil will be called a schemer .
then laban and bethuel answered , the thing proceeds from yahweh . we ca n't speak to you bad or good .
i have been crucified with christ , and it is no longer i that live , but christ living in me . that life which i now live in the flesh , i live by faith in the son of god , who loved me , and gave himself up for me .
( now the congregation 's half was three hundred thirty - seven thousand five hundred sheep ,
joash king of israel took amaziah king of judah , the son of joash the son of jehoahaz , at beth shemesh , and brought him to jerusalem , and broke down the wall of jerusalem from the gate of ephraim to the corner gate , four hundred cubits .
has n't the scripture said that the christ comes of the seed of david , and from bethlehem , the village where david was ?
as the nations that yahweh makes to perish before you , so shall you perish ; because you would n't listen to the voice of yahweh your god .
rejoice in the lord always ! again i will say , rejoice !
for there is hope for a tree , if it is cut down , that it will sprout again , that the tender branch of it will not cease .
he saved others , but he ca n't save himself . if he is the king of israel , let him come down from the cross now , and we will believe in him .
every bed whereon he who has the discharge lies shall be unclean ; and everything he sits on shall be unclean .
it happened , at the return of the year , at the time when kings go out to battle , that david sent joab , and his servants with him , and all israel ; and they destroyed the children of ammon , and besieged rabbah . but david stayed at jerusalem .
then hezekiah turned his face to the wall and prayed to yahweh ,
yes , i beg you that i may not , when present , show courage with the confidence with which i intend to be bold against some , who consider us to be walking according to the flesh .
we roar all like bears , and moan sore like doves : we look for justice , but there is none ; for salvation , but it is far off from us .
grace , mercy , and peace will be with us , from god the father , and from the lord jesus christ , the son of the father , in truth and love .
i adjure you , daughters of jerusalem , by the roes , or by the hinds of the field , that you not stir up , nor awaken love , until it so desires .
they have emptied out the money that was found in the house of yahweh , and have delivered it into the hand of the overseers , and into the hand of the workmen .
he went out about the third hour , and saw others standing idle in the marketplace .
for the king had ships that went to tarshish with the servants of huram ; once every three years came the ships of tarshish , bringing gold , and silver , ivory , and apes , and peacocks .
it happened after the death of joshua , the children of israel asked of yahweh , saying , who shall go up for us first against the canaanites , to fight against them ?
at lystra a certain man sat , impotent in his feet , a cripple from his mother 's womb , who never had walked .
he broke down the tower of penuel , and killed the men of the city .
i would declare to him the number of my steps . as a prince would i go near to him .
for they vex you with their wiles , with which they have deceived you in the matter of peor , and in the matter of cozbi , the daughter of the prince of midian , their sister , who was slain on the day of the plague in the matter of peor .
to these he also showed himself alive after he suffered , by many proofs , appearing to them over a period of forty days , and speaking about god 's kingdom .
if the ear would say , because i 'm not the eye , i 'm not part of the body , it 's not therefore not part of the body .
then jesus came and took the bread , gave it to them , and the fish likewise .
joram said , make ready . they made ready his chariot . joram king of israel and ahaziah king of judah went out , each in his chariot , and they went out to meet jehu , and found him in the portion of naboth the jezreelite .
they cast out many demons , and anointed many with oil who were sick , and healed them .
accounting the reproach of christ greater riches than the treasures of egypt ; for he looked to the reward .
for i determined not to know anything among you , except jesus christ , and him crucified .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
can your heart endure , or can your hands be strong , in the days that i shall deal with you ? i , yahweh , have spoken it , and will do it .
and he had two wives ; the name of the one was hannah , and the name of other peninnah : and peninnah had children , but hannah had no children .
they commanded the children of benjamin , saying , go and lie in wait in the vineyards ,
while he yet spoke , behold , jonathan the son of abiathar the priest came : and adonijah said , come in ; for you are a worthy man , and bring good news .
day by day , continuing steadfastly with one accord in the temple , and breaking bread at home , they took their food with gladness and singleness of heart ,
they answered him , our father is abraham . jesus said to them , if you were abraham 's children , you would do the works of abraham .
again i tell you , it is easier for a camel to go through a needle 's eye , than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of god .
when you offer an offering of a meal offering baked in the oven , it shall be unleavened cakes of fine flour mixed with oil , or unleavened wafers anointed with oil .
he sent young men of the children of israel , who offered burnt offerings and sacrificed peace offerings of oxen to yahweh .
the cows took the straight way by the way to beth shemesh ; they went along the highway , lowing as they went , and did n't turn aside to the right hand or to the left ; and the lords of the philistines went after them to the border of beth shemesh .
now it happened , when adoni - zedek king of jerusalem heard how joshua had taken ai , and had utterly destroyed it ; as he had done to jericho and her king , so he had done to ai and her king ; and how the inhabitants of gibeon had made peace with israel , and were among them ;
the land of egypt is before you . make your father and your brothers dwell in the best of the land . let them dwell in the land of goshen . if you know any able men among them , then put them in charge of my livestock .
remember them , my god , because they have defiled the priesthood , and the covenant of the priesthood , and of the levites .
you will be hated by all men for my name 's sake .
i will put a division between my people and your people : by tomorrow shall this sign be . '
keep your tongue from evil , and your lips from speaking lies .
they indeed of the sons of levi who receive the priest 's office have a commandment to take tithes of the people according to the law , that is , of their brothers , though these have come out of the body of abraham ,
judah became his sanctuary , israel his dominion .
he saw two boats standing by the lake , but the fishermen had gone out of them , and were washing their nets .
into whatever city or village you enter , find out who in it is worthy ; and stay there until you go on .
yet have respect for the prayer of your servant , and for his supplication , yahweh my god , to listen to the cry and to the prayer which your servant prays before you this day ;
ascribe to yahweh , you sons of the mighty , ascribe to yahweh glory and strength .
you have bought me no sweet cane with money , neither have you filled me with the fat of your sacrifices ; but you have burdened me with your sins , you have wearied me with your iniquities .
judas the son of james ; and judas iscariot , who also became a traitor .
from thirty years old and upward until fifty years old shall you number them ; all who enter in to wait on the service , to do the work in the tent of meeting .
but i will settle him in my house and in my kingdom forever ; and his throne shall be established forever .
and it happened , as he sowed , some seed fell by the road , and the birds came and devoured it .
yahweh said to joshua , do n't fear them : for i have delivered them into your hands ; there shall not a man of them stand before you .
all sheep and oxen , yes , and the animals of the field ,
therefore , son of man , prophesy , and tell gog , thus says the lord yahweh : in that day when my people israel dwells securely , shall you not know it ?
solomon ruled over all the kingdoms from the river to the land of the philistines , and to the border of egypt : they brought tribute , and served solomon all the days of his life .
faithful are the wounds of a friend ; although the kisses of an enemy are profuse .
the idols shall utterly pass away .
he asked the scribes , what are you asking them ?
do n't forsake me , yahweh . my god , do n't be far from me .
but jesus answered them , you are mistaken , not knowing the scriptures , nor the power of god .
thus says the lord yahweh : in the first month , in the first day of the month , you shall take a young bull without blemish ; and you shall cleanse the sanctuary .
then zedekiah the king commanded , and they committed jeremiah into the court of the guard ; and they gave him daily a loaf of bread out of the bakers ' street , until all the bread in the city was spent . thus jeremiah remained in the court of the guard .
he said to his people , behold , the people of the children of israel are more and mightier than we .
it happened as they emptied their sacks , that behold , every man 's bundle of money was in his sack . when they and their father saw their bundles of money , they were afraid .
for this service of giving that you perform not only makes up for lack among the saints , but abounds also through many givings of thanks to god ;
into whatever house you enter , stay there , and depart from there .
we are of god . he who knows god listens to us . he who is not of god does n't listen to us . by this we know the spirit of truth , and the spirit of error .
and might deliver all of them who through fear of death were all their lifetime subject to bondage .
he will judge the poor of the people . he will save the children of the needy , and will break the oppressor in pieces .
also pull out some for her from the bundles , and leave it , and let her glean , and do n't rebuke her .
for you , yahweh of armies , the god of israel , have revealed to your servant , saying , i will build you a house : therefore has your servant found in his heart to pray this prayer to you .
thus shall you say to them , the gods that have not made the heavens and the earth , these shall perish from the earth , and from under the heavens .
he himself was in the stern , asleep on the cushion , and they woke him up , and told him , teacher , do n't you care that we are dying ?
the children struggled together within her . she said , if it be so , why do i live ? she went to inquire of yahweh .
the elders of jabesh said to him , give us seven days ' respite , that we may send messengers to all the borders of israel ; and then , if there be none to save us , we will come out to you .
instructing us to the intent that , denying ungodliness and worldly lusts , we would live soberly , righteously , and godly in this present world ;
it is not the great who are wise , nor the aged who understand justice .
what agreement has a temple of god with idols ? for you are a temple of the living god . even as god said , i will dwell in them , and walk in them ; and i will be their god , and they will be my people .
they spend their days in prosperity . in an instant they go down to sheol .
not for these only do i pray , but for those also who believe in me through their word ,
do n't lie to one another , seeing that you have put off the old man with his doings ,
but jesus , knowing this , said to them , why do you trouble the woman ? because she has done a good work for me .
the wing of the other cherub was five cubits , reaching to the wall of the house ; and the other wing was five cubits also , joining to the wing of the other cherub .
and in nothing frightened by the adversaries , which is for them a proof of destruction , but to you of salvation , and that from god .
i said , my strength is perished , and my expectation from yahweh .
david said to him , to whom belong you ? and whence are you ? he said , i am a young man of egypt , servant to an amalekite ; and my master left me , because three days ago i fell sick .
the levites shall answer , and tell all the men of israel with a loud voice ,
rehoboam lived in jerusalem , and built cities for defense in judah .
reuben answered them , saying , did n't i tell you , saying , do n't sin against the child , ' and you would n't listen ? therefore also , behold , his blood is required .
when joseph 's brothers saw that their father was dead , they said , it may be that joseph will hate us , and will fully pay us back for all of the evil which we did to him .
neither shall men break bread for them in mourning , to comfort them for the dead ; neither shall men give them the cup of consolation to drink for their father or for their mother .
behold , a certain man who had dropsy was in front of him .
he stood and cried to the armies of israel , and said to them , why are you come out to set your battle in array ? am i not a philistine , and you servants to saul ? choose you a man for you , and let him come down to me .
yes , if a man lives many years , let him rejoice in them all ; but let him remember the days of darkness , for they shall be many . all that comes is vanity .
son of man , what is this proverb that you have in the land of israel , saying , the days are prolonged , and every vision fails ?
i will lay it a wasteland . it wo n't be pruned nor hoed , but it will grow briers and thorns . i will also command the clouds that they rain no rain on it .
which he made to abound toward us in all wisdom and prudence ,
aaron was one hundred twenty - three years old when he died in mount hor .
god said , let there be lights in the expanse of sky to divide the day from the night ; and let them be for signs , and for seasons , and for days and years ;
if a man have two wives , the one beloved , and the other hated , and they have borne him children , both the beloved and the hated ; and if the firstborn son be hers who was hated ;
the singers the sons of asaph were in their place , according to the commandment of david , and asaph , and heman , and jeduthun the king 's seer ; and the porters were at every gate : they did n't need to depart from their service ; for their brothers the levites prepared for them .
david said to his men , gird you on every man his sword . they girded on every man his sword ; and david also girded on his sword : and there went up after david about four hundred men ; and two hundred abode by the baggage .
when they go , i will spread my net on them . i will bring them down like the birds of the sky . i will chastise them , as their congregation has heard .
but zerubbabel , and jeshua , and the rest of the heads of fathers ' houses of israel , said to them , you have nothing to do with us in building a house to our god ; but we ourselves together will build to yahweh , the god of israel , as king cyrus the king of persia has commanded us .
moreover the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
you shall wash your clothes on the seventh day , and you shall be clean ; and afterward you shall come into the camp .
but jehoiada the priest took a chest , and bored a hole in the lid of it , and set it beside the altar , on the right side as one comes into the house of yahweh : and the priests who kept the threshold put therein all the money that was brought into the house of yahweh .
my face is red with weeping . deep darkness is on my eyelids .
the priest shall offer the sin offering , and make atonement for him who is to be cleansed because of his uncleanness : and afterward he shall kill the burnt offering ;
my father , who has given them to me , is greater than all . no one is able to snatch them out of my father 's hand .
so they set them up micah 's engraved image which he made , all the time that the house of god was in shiloh .
when the child was grown , it fell on a day , that he went out to his father to the reapers .
jerusalem , jerusalem , that kills the prophets , and stones those who are sent to her ! how often i wanted to gather your children together , like a hen gathers her own brood under her wings , and you refused !
there came to him sadducees , who say that there is no resurrection . they asked him , saying ,
yahweh said to moses , take all the chiefs of the people , and hang them up to yahweh before the sun , that the fierce anger of yahweh may turn away from israel .
but they mocked the messengers of god , and despised his words , and scoffed at his prophets , until the wrath of yahweh arose against his people , until there was no remedy .
even those who were numbered of them , by their families , by their fathers ' houses , were two thousand six hundred thirty .
he said to him , which ones ? jesus said , you shall not murder . ' you shall not commit adultery . ' you shall not steal . ' you shall not offer false testimony . '
jesus answered them , did n't i choose you , the twelve , and one of you is a devil ?
for one will hardly die for a righteous man . yet perhaps for a righteous person someone would even dare to die .
i will open my mouth in a parable . i will utter dark sayings of old ,
take your father and your households , and come to me , and i will give you the good of the land of egypt , and you will eat the fat of the land . '
they struck the men who were at the door of the house with blindness , both small and great , so that they wearied themselves to find the door .
jacob said to him , my lord knows that the children are tender , and that the flocks and herds with me have their young , and if they overdrive them one day , all the flocks will die .
and your strength will be spent in vain ; for your land wo n't yield its increase , neither will the trees of the land yield their fruit .
rejoice you with jerusalem , and be glad for her , all you who love her : rejoice for joy with her , all you who mourn over her ;
the elders of the congregation shall lay their hands on the head of the bull before yahweh ; and the bull shall be killed before yahweh .
all nations shall call you blessed , for you will be a delightful land , says yahweh of armies .
in his days nebuchadnezzar king of babylon came up , and jehoiakim became his servant three years : then he turned and rebelled against him .
moreover of the children of the strangers who sojourn among you , of them you may buy , and of their families who are with you , which they have conceived in your land ; and they will be your property .
he charged us to preach to the people and to testify that this is he who is appointed by god as the judge of the living and the dead .
all the house of joseph , his brothers , and his father 's house . only their little ones , their flocks , and their herds , they left in the land of goshen .
you have not known him , but i know him . if i said , i do n't know him , ' i would be like you , a liar . but i know him , and keep his word .
and the lord make you to increase and abound in love one toward another , and toward all men , even as we also do toward you ,
after the uproar had ceased , paul sent for the disciples , took leave of them , and departed to go into macedonia .
jehoshaphat slept with his fathers , and was buried with his fathers in the city of david : and jehoram his son reigned in his place .
the anger of yahweh was kindled against israel , and he sold them into the hand of the philistines , and into the hand of the children of ammon .
for an unloved woman when she is married ; and a handmaid who is heir to her mistress .
they kill the widow and the alien , and murder the fatherless .
joab the son of zeruiah , and the servants of david , went out , and met them by the pool of gibeon ; and they sat down , the one on the one side of the pool , and the other on the other side of the pool .
some pour out gold from the bag , and weigh silver in the balance . they hire a goldsmith , and he makes it a god . they fall downyes , they worship .
he causes all , the small and the great , the rich and the poor , and the free and the slave , to be given marks on their right hands , or on their foreheads ;
in the meanwhile , the disciples urged him , saying , rabbi , eat .
and strip aaron of his garments , and put them on eleazar his son : and aaron shall be gathered to his people , and shall die there .
a voice came to him again the second time , what god has cleansed , you must not call unclean .
for my sighing comes before i eat , my groanings are poured out like water .
and cast him into the abyss , and shut it , and sealed it over him , that he should deceive the nations no more , until the thousand years were finished . after this , he must be freed for a short time .
tear your heart , and not your garments , and turn to yahweh , your god ; for he is gracious and merciful , slow to anger , and abundant in loving kindness , and relents from sending calamity .
i have trodden the winepress alone ; and of the peoples there was no man with me : yes , i trod them in my anger , and trampled them in my wrath ; and their lifeblood is sprinkled on my garments , and i have stained all my clothing .
be diligent to come to me soon ,
but he shall acknowledge the firstborn , the son of the hated , by giving him a double portion of all that he has ; for he is the beginning of his strength ; the right of the firstborn is his .
you shall not lie with any animal to defile yourself with it ; neither shall any woman give herself to an animal , to lie down with it : it is a perversion .
nor height , nor depth , nor any other created thing , will be able to separate us from the love of god , which is in christ jesus our lord .
better is the end of a thing than its beginning . the patient in spirit is better than the proud in spirit .
balak did as balaam had spoken ; and balak and balaam offered on every altar a bull and a ram .
the children of israel again did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh : and yahweh strengthened eglon the king of moab against israel , because they had done that which was evil in the sight of yahweh .
the tent , its outer covering , its roof , its clasps , its boards , its bars , its pillars , and its sockets ;
then he came , and he took it out of the right hand of him who sat on the throne .
saying , prophesy to us , you christ ! who hit you ?
yahweh said to moses , yet one plague more will i bring on pharaoh , and on egypt ; afterwards he will let you go . when he lets you go , he will surely thrust you out altogether .
i took your sin , the calf which you had made , and burnt it with fire , and stamped it , grinding it very small , until it was as fine as dust : and i cast the dust of it into the brook that descended out of the mountain .
make me savory food , such as i love , and bring it to me , that i may eat , and that my soul may bless you before i die .
my son , give me your heart ; and let your eyes keep in my ways .
do n't speak against one another , brothers . he who speaks against a brother and judges his brother , speaks against the law and judges the law . but if you judge the law , you are not a doer of the law , but a judge .
they began to accuse him , saying , we found this man perverting the nation , forbidding paying taxes to caesar , and saying that he himself is christ , a king .
forty - one years reigned he in jerusalem : and his mother 's name was maacah the daughter of abishalom .
the words of jeremiah the son of hilkiah , of the priests who were in anathoth in the land of benjamin :
now david fled , and escaped , and came to samuel to ramah , and told him all that saul had done to him . he and samuel went and lived in naioth .
a man of many companions may be ruined , but there is a friend who sticks closer than a brother .
have the workers of iniquity no knowledge , who eat up my people as they eat bread , and do n't call on god ?
david sent messengers to the men of jabesh gilead , and said to them , blessed be you of yahweh , that you have shown this kindness to your lord , even to saul , and have buried him .
he blessed him , and said , blessed be abram of god most high , possessor of heaven and earth :
having eyes full of adultery , and who ca n't cease from sin ; enticing unsettled souls ; having a heart trained in greed ; children of cursing ;
we know and have believed the love which god has for us . god is love , and he who remains in love remains in god , and god remains in him .
that it might take hold of the ends of the earth , and shake the wicked out of it ?
when he rose up from his prayer , he came to the disciples , and found them sleeping because of grief ,
the watchman said , i think the running of the foremost is like the running of ahimaaz the son of zadok . the king said , he is a good man , and comes with good news .
behold , the acts of asa , first and last , behold , they are written in the book of the kings of judah and israel .
wo n't i in that day , says yahweh , destroy the wise men out of edom , and understanding out of the mountain of esau ?
in the day of my trouble i sought the lord . my hand was stretched out in the night , and did n't get tired . my soul refused to be comforted .
yahweh rewarded me according to my righteousness ; according to the cleanness of my hands has he recompensed me .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
then joshua called the reubenites , and the gadites , and the half - tribe of manasseh ,
he said to the levites who taught all israel , who were holy to yahweh , put the holy ark in the house which solomon the son of david king of israel did build ; there shall no more be a burden on your shoulders : now serve yahweh your god , and his people israel .
they all as one began to make excuses . the first said to him , i have bought a field , and i must go and see it . please have me excused . '
i will stretch out my hand against judah , and against all the inhabitants of jerusalem . i will cut off the remnant of baal from this place : the name of the idolatrous and pagan priests ,
then shall your light break forth as the morning , and your healing shall spring forth speedily ; and your righteousness shall go before you ; the glory of yahweh shall be your rear guard .
your children shall be wanderers in the wilderness forty years , and shall bear your prostitution , until your dead bodies be consumed in the wilderness .
while i am in the world , i am the light of the world .
his ways are prosperous at all times ; he is haughty , and your laws are far from his sight : as for all his adversaries , he sneers at them .
not that we are sufficient of ourselves , to account anything as from ourselves ; but our sufficiency is from god ;
the six hundred men girt with their weapons of war , who were of the children of dan , stood by the entrance of the gate .
they ought to have been here before you , and to make accusation , if they had anything against me .
for the children of israel and the children of levi shall bring the wave offering of the grain , of the new wine , and of the oil , to the chambers , where are the vessels of the sanctuary , and the priests who minister , and the porters , and the singers : and we will not forsake the house of our god .
the five men who went to spy out the land went up , and came in there , and took the engraved image , and the ephod , and the teraphim , and the molten image : and the priest stood by the entrance of the gate with the six hundred men girt with weapons of war .
am i a god at hand , says yahweh , and not a god afar off ?
josiah was eight years old when he began to reign ; and he reigned thirty - one years in jerusalem .
your lips , my bride , drip like the honeycomb . honey and milk are under your tongue . the smell of your garments is like the smell of lebanon .
it will happen at the harvests , that you shall give a fifth to pharaoh , and four parts will be your own , for seed of the field , for your food , for them of your households , and for food for your little ones .
there was a certain jew in shushan the palace , whose name was mordecai , the son of jair , the son of shimei , the son of kish , a benjamite ,
a sword shall come on egypt , and anguish shall be in ethiopia , when the slain shall fall in egypt ; and they shall take away her multitude , and her foundations shall be broken down .
pour out your wrath on the nations that do n't know you ; on the kingdoms that do n't call on your name ;
king solomon raised a levy out of all israel ; and the levy was thirty thousand men .
do n't receive an accusation against an elder , except at the word of two or three witnesses .
the deep says , it is n't in me . ' the sea says , it is n't with me . '
the fish that are in the river shall die , and the river shall become foul ; and the egyptians shall loathe to drink water from the river . '
the lord announced the word . the ones who proclaim it are a great company .
aaron shall lay both his hands on the head of the live goat , and confess over him all the iniquities of the children of israel , and all their transgressions , even all their sins ; and he shall put them on the head of the goat , and shall send him away into the wilderness by the hand of a man who is in readiness .
isaac came from the way of beer lahai roi , for he lived in the land of the south .
the priest 's heart was glad , and he took the ephod , and the teraphim , and the engraved image , and went in the midst of the people .
the thin heads of grain swallowed up the seven healthy and full ears . pharaoh awoke , and behold , it was a dream .
but thomas , one of the twelve , called didymus , was n't with them when jesus came .
until the time that his word happened , and yahweh 's word proved him true .
ezra the priest stood up , and said to them , you have trespassed , and have married foreign women , to increase the guilt of israel .
but israel , following after a law of righteousness , did n't arrive at the law of righteousness .
the keeper of the prison did n't look after anything that was under his hand , because yahweh was with him ; and that which he did , yahweh made it prosper .
brothers , i may tell you freely of the patriarch david , that he both died and was buried , and his tomb is with us to this day .
six days shall work be done , but on the seventh day is a sabbath of solemn rest , holy to yahweh . whoever does any work on the sabbath day shall surely be put to death .
he shall kill the lamb of the trespass offering . the priest shall take some of the blood of the trespass offering and put it on the tip of the right ear of him who is to be cleansed , and on the thumb of his right hand , and on the big toe of his right foot .
i , jesus , have sent my angel to testify these things to you for the assemblies . i am the root and the offspring of david ; the bright and morning star .
everyone therefore who confesses me before men , him i will also confess before my father who is in heaven .
but jehoshaphat said , is n't there here a prophet of yahweh , that we may inquire of yahweh by him ? one of the king of israel 's servants answered , elisha the son of shaphat is here , who poured water on the hands of elijah .
when abner was returned to hebron , joab took him aside into the midst of the gate to speak with him quietly , and struck him there in the body , so that he died , for the blood of asahel his brother .
be strong and of good courage ; for you shall cause this people to inherit the land which i swore to their fathers to give them .
yet it pleased yahweh to bruise him ; he has put him to grief : when you shall make his soul an offering for sin , he shall see his seed , he shall prolong his days , and the pleasure of yahweh shall prosper in his hand .
moses took the rod from before yahweh , as he commanded him .
she laid up his garment by her , until his master came home .
his lord said to him , well done , good and faithful servant . you have been faithful over a few things , i will set you over many things . enter into the joy of your lord . '
they asked baruch , saying , tell us now , how did you write all these words at his mouth ?
they sent a letter to him , in which was written thus : to darius the king , all peace .
the wind blows where it wants to , and you hear its sound , but do n't know where it comes from and where it is going . so is everyone who is born of the spirit .
he went on his journeys from the south even to bethel , to the place where his tent had been at the beginning , between bethel and ai ,
but have lifted up yourself against the lord of heaven ; and they have brought the vessels of his house before you , and you and your lords , your wives and your concubines , have drunk wine from them ; and you have praised the gods of silver and gold , of brass , iron , wood , and stone , which do n't see , nor hear , nor know ; and the god in whose hand your breath is , and whose are all your ways , you have not glorified .
therefore hear now this , you afflicted , and drunken , but now with wine :
from now on , let no one cause me any trouble , for i bear the marks of the lord jesus branded on my body .
if you shall keep all this commandment to do it , which i command you this day , to love yahweh your god , and to walk ever in his ways ; then shall you add three cities more for you , besides these three :
then achish gave him ziklag that day : why ziklag pertains to the kings of judah to this day .
the kings of the earth , the princes , the commanding officers , the rich , the strong , and every slave and free person , hid themselves in the caves and in the rocks of the mountains .
my eye shall not spare you , neither will i have pity ; but i will bring your ways on you , and your abominations shall be in the midst of you : and you shall know that i am yahweh .
then his sister said to pharaoh 's daughter , should i go and call a nurse for you from the hebrew women , that she may nurse the child for you ?
then i looked , and see , in the expanse that was over the head of the cherubim there appeared above them as it were a sapphire stone , as the appearance of the likeness of a throne .
let them vanish as water that flows away . when they draw the bow , let their arrows be made blunt .
my heart was hot within me . while i meditated , the fire burned : i spoke with my tongue :
when they had appointed elders for them in every assembly , and had prayed with fasting , they commended them to the lord , on whom they had believed .
not everyone who says to me , lord , lord , ' will enter into the kingdom of heaven ; but he who does the will of my father who is in heaven .
thus said yahweh to me : go , and stand in the gate of the children of the people , through which the kings of judah come in , and by which they go out , and in all the gates of jerusalem ;
there is silver beaten into plates , which is brought from tarshish , and gold from uphaz , the work of the artificer and of the hands of the goldsmith ; blue and purple for their clothing ; they are all the work of skillful men .
this is the message which we have heard from him and announce to you , that god is light , and in him is no darkness at all .
turn your ear , and listen to the words of the wise . apply your heart to my teaching .
let them be desolate by reason of their shame that tell me , aha ! aha !
yes , and all who desire to live godly in christ jesus will suffer persecution .
david took from him one thousand seven hundred horsemen , and twenty thousand footmen : and david hamstrung all the chariot horses , but reserved of them for one hundred chariots .
the children of israel spoke to moses , saying , behold , we perish , we are undone , we are all undone .
the word which came to jeremiah from yahweh , when king zedekiah sent to him pashhur the son of malchijah , and zephaniah the son of maaseiah , the priest , saying ,
after this it happened , that david struck the philistines , and subdued them , and took gath and its towns out of the hand of the philistines .
now he said this , not because he cared for the poor , but because he was a thief , and having the money box , used to steal what was put into it .
the men of israel and of judah arose , and shouted , and pursued the philistines , until you come to gai , and to the gates of ekron . the wounded of the philistines fell down by the way to shaaraim , even to gath , and to ekron .
who also sealed us , and gave us the down payment of the spirit in our hearts .
ezra the scribe stood on a pulpit of wood , which they had made for the purpose ; and beside him stood mattithiah , and shema , and anaiah , and uriah , and hilkiah , and maaseiah , on his right hand ; and on his left hand , pedaiah , and mishael , and malchijah , and hashum , and hashbaddanah , zechariah , and meshullam .
in a dream , in a vision of the night , when deep sleep falls on men , in slumbering on the bed ;
one golden ladle of ten shekels , full of incense ;
above all , taking up the shield of faith , with which you will be able to quench all the fiery darts of the evil one .
what i tell you in the darkness , speak in the light ; and what you hear whispered in the ear , proclaim on the housetops .
my lips shall shout for joy ! my soul , which you have redeemed , sings praises to you !
bearing with one another , and forgiving each other , if any man has a complaint against any ; even as christ forgave you , so you also do .
the mirth of tambourines ceases . the sound of those who rejoice ends . the joy of the harp ceases .
i will make your pinnacles of rubies , and your gates of emeralds , and all your border of precious stones .
also for the sons of aaron the priests , who were in the fields of the suburbs of their cities , in every city , there were men who were mentioned by name , to give portions to all the males among the priests , and to all who were reckoned by genealogy among the levites .
and that you make it your ambition to lead a quiet life , and to do your own business , and to work with your own hands , even as we charged you ;
on the day of our king , the princes made themselves sick with the heat of wine . he joined his hand with mockers .
they go from strength to strength . everyone of them appears before god in zion .
the bloodthirsty hate a man of integrity ; and they seek the life of the upright .
therefore is my harp turned to mourning , and my pipe into the voice of those who weep .
now the apostles and the brothers who were in judea heard that the gentiles had also received the word of god .
then samuel took the horn of oil , and anointed him in the midst of his brothers : and the spirit of yahweh came mightily on david from that day forward . so samuel rose up , and went to ramah .
yahweh your god will make you plenteous in all the work of your hand , in the fruit of your body , and in the fruit of your livestock , and in the fruit of your ground , for good : for yahweh will again rejoice over you for good , as he rejoiced over your fathers ;
but our god is in the heavens . he does whatever he pleases .
in his days pharaoh necoh king of egypt went up against the king of assyria to the river euphrates : and king josiah went against him ; and pharaoh necoh killed him at megiddo , when he had seen him .
for you are my lamp , yahweh ; yahweh will lighten my darkness .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
to whom our fathers would n't be obedient , but rejected him , and turned back in their hearts to egypt ,
therefore , o king , let my counsel be acceptable to you , and break off your sins by righteousness , and your iniquities by showing mercy to the poor ; if there may be a lengthening of your tranquillity .
he cropped off the topmost of the young twigs of it , and carried it to a land of traffic ; he set it in a city of merchants .
in the first year of cyrus the king , cyrus the king made a decree : concerning the house of god at jerusalem , let the house be built , the place where they offer sacrifices , and let the foundations of it be strongly laid ; the height of it sixty cubits , and the breadth of it sixty cubits ;
thus says the lord yahweh : if the prince give a gift to any of his sons , it is his inheritance , it shall belong to his sons ; it is their possession by inheritance .
then the kingdom of heaven will be like ten virgins , who took their lamps , and went out to meet the bridegroom .
so will i break down the wall that you have daubed with whitewash , and bring it down to the ground , so that the foundation of it shall be uncovered ; and it shall fall , and you shall be consumed in the midst of it : and you shall know that i am yahweh .
abraham circumcised his son , isaac , when he was eight days old , as god had commanded him .
he restored the eleven hundred pieces of silver to his mother ; and his mother said , i most assuredly dedicate the silver to yahweh from my hand for my son , to make an engraved image and a molten image : now therefore i will restore it to you .
the likeness of anything that creeps on the ground , the likeness of any fish that is in the water under the earth ;
only the tribe of levi you shall not number , neither shall you take a census of them among the children of israel ;
according as it is written , god gave them a spirit of stupor , eyes that they should not see , and ears that they should not hear , to this very day .
listen to me , house of jacob , and all the remnant of the house of israel , that have been borne by me from their birth , that have been carried from the womb ;
son of man , set your face toward the mountains of israel , and prophesy to them ,
a woman , when she gives birth , has sorrow , because her time has come . but when she has delivered the child , she does n't remember the anguish any more , for the joy that a human being is born into the world .
all the people shall hear , and fear , and do no more presumptuously .
one of the seven angels who had the seven bowls came and spoke with me , saying , come here . i will show you the judgment of the great prostitute who sits on many waters ,
but when the jews spoke against it , i was constrained to appeal to caesar , not that i had anything about which to accuse my nation .
but you , yahweh , have mercy on me , and raise me up , that i may repay them .
they went in to the king into the court ; but they had laid up the scroll in the chamber of elishama the scribe ; and they told all the words in the ears of the king .
he said , tomorrow . he said , be it according to your word , that you may know that there is none like yahweh our god .
however the king of the children of ammon did n't listen to the words of jephthah which he sent him .
jesus entered into the temple in jerusalem . when he had looked around at everything , it being now evening , he went out to bethany with the twelve .
jotham slept with his fathers , and they buried him in the city of david : and ahaz his son reigned in his place .
when they came to the threshing floor of chidon , uzza put forth his hand to hold the ark ; for the oxen stumbled .
all our enemies have opened their mouth wide against us .
blessed is he who considers the poor : yahweh will deliver him in the day of evil .
in you have they uncovered their fathers ' nakedness ; in you have they humbled her who was unclean in her impurity .
whoever lives and believes in me will never die . do you believe this ?
you are yahweh , even you alone ; you have made heaven , the heaven of heavens , with all their army , the earth and all things that are thereon , the seas and all that is in them , and you preserve them all ; and the army of heaven worships you .
therefore he sacrifices to his net , and burns incense to his dragnet , because by them his life is luxurious , and his food is good .
but you , brothers , are n't in darkness , that the day should overtake you like a thief .
how he was caught up into paradise , and heard unspeakable words , which it is not lawful for a man to utter .
it may be they will listen , and turn every man from his evil way ; that i may repent me of the evil which i purpose to do to them because of the evil of their doings .
if you were of the world , the world would love its own . but because you are not of the world , since i chose you out of the world , therefore the world hates you .
therefore do n't be like them , for your father knows what things you need , before you ask him .
god came to balaam , and said , what men are these with you ?
if the spirit of the ruler rises up against you , do n't leave your place ; for gentleness lays great offenses to rest .
he rebukes the sea , and makes it dry , and dries up all the rivers . bashan languishes , and carmel ; and the flower of lebanon languishes .
do n't be among ones drinking too much wine , or those who gorge themselves on meat :
so the king of israel went , and the king of judah , and the king of edom ; and they made a circuit of seven days ' journey : and there was no water for the army , nor for the animals that followed them .
now while the bridegroom delayed , they all slumbered and slept .
yahweh said , who shall entice ahab , that he may go up and fall at ramoth gilead ? one said on this manner ; and another said on that manner .
those who were numbered of the sons of gershon , their families , and by their fathers ' houses ,
he who corrects a mocker invites insult . he who reproves a wicked man invites abuse .
remember , i beg you , that you have fashioned me as clay . will you bring me into dust again ?
then the spirit entered into me , and set me on my feet ; and he spoke with me , and said to me , go , shut yourself within your house .
the children of israel did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh , and forgot yahweh their god , and served the baals and the asheroth .
when they could not come near to him for the crowd , they removed the roof where he was . when they had broken it up , they let down the mat that the paralytic was lying on .
concerning the good news , they are enemies for your sake . but concerning the election , they are beloved for the fathers ' sake .
as for the earth , out of it comes bread ; underneath it is turned up as it were by fire .
though wickedness is sweet in his mouth , though he hide it under his tongue ,
say among the nations , yahweh reigns . the world is also established . it ca n't be moved . he will judge the peoples with equity .
for indeed i bend judah as a bow for me . i have filled the bow with ephraim ; and i will stir up your sons , zion , against your sons , greece , and will make you like the sword of a mighty man .
let our people also learn to maintain good works for necessary uses , that they may not be unfruitful .
for if you shall diligently keep all this commandment which i command you , to do it , to love yahweh your god , to walk in all his ways , and to cleave to him ;
one male goat for a sin offering ;
for you will bless the righteous . yahweh , you will surround him with favor as with a shield .
of the tribe of zebulun twelve thousand , of the tribe of joseph twelve thousand , of the tribe of benjamin were sealed twelve thousand .
when much time had passed and the voyage was now dangerous , because the fast had now already gone by , paul admonished them ,
the dogs shall eat jezebel in the portion of jezreel , and there shall be none to bury her . he opened the door , and fled .
seven weeks shall you number to you : from the time you begin to put the sickle to the standing grain shall you begin to number seven weeks .
he said , yah has sworn : yahweh will have war with amalek from generation to generation . '
for has any said to god , i am guilty , but i will not offend any more .
the construction of its wall was jasper . the city was pure gold , like pure glass .
men will dwell therein , and there will be no more curse ; but jerusalem will dwell safely .
now when jesus heard that john was delivered up , he withdrew into galilee .
it shall be a perpetual statute to them : and he who sprinkles the water for impurity shall wash his clothes , and he who touches the water for impurity shall be unclean until even .
this is the day that yahweh has made . we will rejoice and be glad in it !
judah went up ; and yahweh delivered the canaanites and the perizzites into their hand : and they struck of them in bezek ten thousand men .
he said to another , follow me ! but he said , lord , allow me first to go and bury my father .
i shall be condemned ; why then do i labor in vain ?
you shall walk after yahweh your god , and fear him , and keep his commandments , and obey his voice , and you shall serve him , and cleave to him .
look at zion , the city of our appointed festivals . your eyes will see jerusalem , a quiet habitation , a tent that wo n't be removed . its stakes will never be plucked up , nor will any of its cords be broken .
and he said , if esau comes to the one company , and strikes it , then the company which is left will escape .
there shall you remember your ways , and all your doings , in which you have polluted yourselves ; and you shall loathe yourselves in your own sight for all your evils that you have committed .
the rich shall not give more , and the poor shall not give less , than the half shekel , when they give the offering of yahweh , to make atonement for your souls .
he erected an altar there , and called it el elohe israel .
the servants of saul told him , saying , on this manner spoke david .
for i am with you , says yahweh , to save you : for i will make a full end of all the nations where i have scattered you , but i will not make a full end of you ; but i will correct you in measure , and will in no way leave you unpunished .
and love the place of honor at feasts , the best seats in the synagogues ,
the people went out , and plundered the camp of the syrians . so a measure of fine flour was sold for a shekel , and two measures of barley for a shekel , according to the word of yahweh .
for the house of israel and the house of judah have dealt very treacherously against me , says yahweh .
cursed be he who lies with his mother - in - law . all the people shall say , amen .
again , when you have accomplished these , you shall lie on your right side , and shall bear the iniquity of the house of judah : forty days , each day for a year , have i appointed it to you .
but concerning the times and the seasons , brothers , you have no need that anything be written to you .
and the inhabitants of one shall go to another , saying , let us go speedily to entreat the favor of yahweh , and to seek yahweh of armies . i will go also . '
he humbled you , and allowed you to hunger , and fed you with manna , which you did n't know , neither did your fathers know ; that he might make you know that man does not live by bread only , but by everything that proceeds out of the mouth of yahweh does man live .
then call , and i will answer ; or let me speak , and you answer me .
who covers the sky with clouds , who prepares rain for the earth , who makes grass grow on the mountains .
solomon told her all her questions ; and there was not anything hid from solomon which he did n't tell her .
in whom you also are built together for a habitation of god in the spirit .
what has been done this day , so yahweh has commanded to do , to make atonement for you .
but as for me , i know that my redeemer lives . in the end , he will stand upon the earth .
but all the girls , who have not known man by lying with him , keep alive for yourselves .
watch therefore , for you do n't know in what hour your lord comes .
for nothing is hidden , that will not be revealed ; nor anything secret , that will not be known and come to light .
and the border shall turn about from azmon to the brook of egypt , and the goings out of it shall be at the sea .
he looked , and behold , there was at his head a cake baked on the coals , and a jar of water . he ate and drink , and laid him down again .
sing , barren , you who did n't bear ; break forth into singing , and cry aloud , you who did not travail with child : for more are the children of the desolate than the children of the married wife , says yahweh .
go up to the mountain , bring wood , and build the house . i will take pleasure in it , and i will be glorified , says yahweh .
you shall not lend him your money at interest , nor give him your food for profit .
jeroboam said in his heart , now will the kingdom return to the house of david :
i have no need for a bull from your stall , nor male goats from your pens .
for you have forgotten the god of your salvation , and have not remembered the rock of your strength . therefore you plant pleasant plants , and set out foreign seedlings .
the servants of the householder came and said to him , sir , did n't you sow good seed in your field ? where did this darnel come from ? '
when it was day , he departed and went into an uninhabited place , and the multitudes looked for him , and came to him , and held on to him , so that he would n't go away from them .
sing to yahweh ! bless his name ! proclaim his salvation from day to day !
he will consume the glory of his forest , and of his fruitful field , both soul and body . it will be as when a standard bearer faints .
so the posts went with the letters from the king and his princes throughout all israel and judah , and according to the commandment of the king , saying , you children of israel , turn again to yahweh , the god of abraham , isaac , and israel , that he may return to the remnant that have escaped of you out of the hand of the kings of assyria .
they have passed away as the swift ships , as the eagle that swoops on the prey .
esther 's maidens and her chamberlains came and told it her ; and the queen was exceedingly grieved : and she sent clothing to clothe mordecai , and to take his sackcloth from off him ; but he did n't receive it .
i thought to disclose it to you , saying , buy it before those who sit here , and before the elders of my people . if you will redeem it , redeem it : but if you will not redeem it , then tell me , that i may know ; for there is none to redeem it besides you ; and i am after you . he said , i will redeem it .
everyone , with whom was found blue , purple , scarlet , fine linen , goats ' hair , rams ' skins dyed red , and sea cow hides , brought them .
yahweh did according to the word of moses , and the frogs died out of the houses , out of the courts , and out of the fields .
so all the men of israel went up from following david , and followed sheba the son of bichri ; but the men of judah joined with their king , from the jordan even to jerusalem .
when all the kings who were servants to hadarezer saw that they were put to the worse before israel , they made peace with israel , and served them . so the syrians feared to help the children of ammon any more .
david commanded to gather together the foreigners who were in the land of israel ; and he set masons to hew worked stones to build the house of god .
but ishmael the son of nethaniah escaped from johanan with eight men , and went to the children of ammon .
there ran a young man , and told moses , and said , eldad and medad do prophesy in the camp .
there is a way which seems right to a man , but in the end it leads to death .
and because he did n't need for anyone to testify concerning man ; for he himself knew what was in man .
you shall not eat any blood , whether it is of bird or of animal , in any of your dwellings .
he struck moab , and measured them with the line , making them to lie down on the ground ; and he measured two lines to put to death , and one full line to keep alive . the moabites became servants to david , and brought tribute .
ask a sign of yahweh your god ; ask it either in the depth , or in the height above .
turn you us to you , yahweh , and we shall be turned ; renew our days as of old .
flee for safety , you children of benjamin , out of the midst of jerusalem , and blow the trumpet in tekoa , and raise up a signal on beth haccherem ; for evil looks forth from the north , and a great destruction .
there is a generation whose teeth are like swords , and their jaws like knives , to devour the poor from the earth , and the needy from among men .
then he will say also to those on the left hand , depart from me , you cursed , into the eternal fire which is prepared for the devil and his angels ;
for we are not as so many , peddling the word of god . but as of sincerity , but as of god , in the sight of god , we speak in christ .
and we will cut wood out of lebanon , as much as you shall need ; and we will bring it to you in floats by sea to joppa ; and you shall carry it up to jerusalem .
daniel spoke and said , i saw in my vision by night , and , behold , the four winds of the sky broke forth on the great sea .
that which is crooked ca n't be made straight ; and that which is lacking ca n't be counted .
he has violently taken away his tent , as if it were of a garden ; he has destroyed his place of assembly : yahweh has caused solemn assembly and sabbath to be forgotten in zion , has despised in the indignation of his anger the king and the priest .
looking around at those who sat around him , he said , behold , my mother and my brothers !
yahweh was very angry with aaron to destroy him : and i prayed for aaron also at the same time .
in this confidence , i was determined to come first to you , that you might have a second benefit ;
but they did n't understand this saying . it was concealed from them , that they should not perceive it , and they were afraid to ask him about this saying .
in the third month after the children of israel had gone forth out of the land of egypt , on that same day they came into the wilderness of sinai .
remember lot 's wife !
according to all these words , and according to all this vision , so did nathan speak to david .
for you all can prophesy one by one , that all may learn , and all may be exhorted .
they shall teach jacob your ordinances , israel your law : they shall put incense before you , whole burnt offering on your altar .
and he went after the man of israel into the pavilion , and thrust both of them through , the man of israel , and the woman through her body . so the plague was stayed from the children of israel .
she gave the king one hundred and twenty talents of gold , and spices in great abundance , and precious stones : neither was there any such spice as the queen of sheba gave to king solomon .
afterward moses and aaron came , and said to pharaoh , this is what yahweh , the god of israel , says , let my people go , that they may hold a feast to me in the wilderness . '
all the firstborn males that are born of your herd and of your flock you shall sanctify to yahweh your god : you shall do no work with the firstborn of your herd , nor shear the firstborn of your flock .
let no man therefore judge you in eating , or in drinking , or with respect to a feast day or a new moon or a sabbath day ,
you have multiplied your slain in this city , and you have filled the streets of it with the slain .
she said to him , not so , because this great wrong in putting me forth is worse than the other that you did to me . but he would not listen to her .
then hear you in heaven , and do , and judge your servants , condemning the wicked , to bring his way on his own head , and justifying the righteous , to give him according to his righteousness .
moreover you shall tell them , thus says yahweh : shall men fall , and not rise up again ? shall one turn away , and not return ?
they did n't thirst when he led them through the deserts ; he caused the waters to flow out of the rock for them ; he split the rock also , and the waters gushed out .
now therefore thus says yahweh , you shall not come down from the bed where you are gone up , but shall surely die . elijah departed .
at that time hanani the seer came to asa king of judah , and said to him , because you have relied on the king of syria , and have not relied on yahweh your god , therefore is the army of the king of syria escaped out of your hand .
let no man say when he is tempted , i am tempted by god , for god ca n't be tempted by evil , and he himself tempts no one .
set a wicked man over him . let an adversary stand at his right hand .
in the twelfth year of joram the son of ahab king of israel did ahaziah the son of jehoram king of judah begin to reign .
asa did that which was good and right in the eyes of yahweh his god :
oh the depth of the riches both of the wisdom and the knowledge of god ! how unsearchable are his judgments , and his ways past tracing out !
then eliashib the high priest rose up with his brothers the priests , and they built the sheep gate ; they sanctified it , and set up the doors of it ; even to the tower of hammeah they sanctified it , to the tower of hananel .
of the one thousand seven hundred seventy - five shekels he made hooks for the pillars , overlaid their capitals , and made fillets for them .
for your servant david 's sake , do n't turn away the face of your anointed one .
i was alive apart from the law once , but when the commandment came , sin revived , and i died .
the king and his men went to jerusalem against the jebusites , the inhabitants of the land , who spoke to david , saying , except you take away the blind and the lame , you shall not come in here ; thinking , david ca n't come in here .
also day by day , from the first day to the last day , he read in the book of the law of god . they kept the feast seven days ; and on the eighth day was a solemn assembly , according to the ordinance .
behold , i will do a new thing ; now shall it spring forth ; shall you not know it ? i will even make a way in the wilderness , and rivers in the desert .
turn my eyes away from looking at worthless things . revive me in your ways .
among whom you are also called to belong to jesus christ ;
for the canaanites and all the inhabitants of the land will hear of it , and will compass us round , and cut off our name from the earth : and what will you do for your great name ?
who have kept with your servant david my father that which you did promise him : yes , you spoke with your mouth , and have fulfilled it with your hand , as it is this day .
know that yahweh , he is god . it is he who has made us , and we are his . we are his people , and the sheep of his pasture .
there was no water for the congregation : and they assembled themselves together against moses and against aaron .
for what the law could n't do , in that it was weak through the flesh , god did , sending his own son in the likeness of sinful flesh and for sin , he condemned sin in the flesh ;
how long will you hunt for words ? consider , and afterwards we will speak .
arise , god , judge the earth , for you inherit all of the nations .
that i will break the assyrian in my land , and tread him under foot on my mountains . then his yoke will leave them , and his burden leave their shoulders .
but the unclean spirit , when he is gone out of the man , passes through waterless places , seeking rest , and does n't find it .
he will come and destroy these farmers , and will give the vineyard to others . when they heard it , they said , may it never be !
my son , listen to your father 's instruction , and do n't forsake your mother 's teaching :
jacob came in peace to the city of shechem , which is in the land of canaan , when he came from paddan aram ; and encamped before the city .
menahem slept with his fathers ; and pekahiah his son reigned in his place .
the scribes and the pharisees watched him , to see whether he would heal on the sabbath , that they might find an accusation against him .
but if they are questions about words and names and your own law , look to it yourselves . for i do n't want to be a judge of these matters .
amaziah the son of joash king of judah lived after the death of jehoash son of jehoahaz king of israel fifteen years .
the tribes of israel sent men through all the tribe of benjamin , saying , what wickedness is this that is happen among you ?
jesus said , father , forgive them , for they do n't know what they are doing . dividing his garments among them , they cast lots .
my breath is offensive to my wife . i am loathsome to the children of my own mother .
the children of israel set forward according to their journeys out of the wilderness of sinai ; and the cloud abode in the wilderness of paran .
happy are your men , happy are these your servants , who stand continually before you , and who hear your wisdom .
but after that our fathers had provoked the god of heaven to wrath , he gave them into the hand of nebuchadnezzar king of babylon , the chaldean , who destroyed this house , and carried the people away into babylon .
behold , the day , behold , it comes : your doom is gone forth ; the rod has blossomed , pride has budded .
shout against her round about : she has submitted herself ; her bulwarks are fallen , her walls are thrown down ; for it is the vengeance of yahweh : take vengeance on her ; as she has done , do to her .
the archers shot at king josiah ; and the king said to his servants , have me away ; for i am sore wounded .
for the good which i desire , i do n't do ; but the evil which i do n't desire , that i practice .
i am yahweh , your god , who brought you up out of the land of egypt . open your mouth wide , and i will fill it .
when he had said this , he breathed on them , and said to them , receive the holy spirit !
saul and all the people who were with him were gathered together , and came to the battle : and behold , every man 's sword was against his fellow , and there was a very great confusion .
an unfriendly man pursues selfishness , and defies all sound judgment .
apply your heart to instruction , and your ears to the words of knowledge .
he taught them many things in parables , and told them in his teaching ,
take you heed everyone of his neighbor , and do n't you trust in any brother ; for every brother will utterly supplant , and every neighbor will go about with slanders .
i am a stranger on the earth . do n't hide your commandments from me .
the ransomed of yahweh shall return , and come with singing to zion ; and everlasting joy shall be on their heads : they shall obtain gladness and joy ; and sorrow and sighing shall flee away .
the sixth poured out his bowl on the great river , the euphrates . its water was dried up , that the way might be made ready for the kings that come from the sunrise .
now my eyes shall be open , and my ears attentive , to the prayer that is made in this place .
so i have seen you in the sanctuary , watching your power and your glory .
now after i had delivered the deed of the purchase to baruch the son of neriah , i prayed to yahweh , saying ,
you have increased the nation , o yahweh . you have increased the nation ! you are glorified ! you have enlarged all the borders of the land .
at that time , jesus answered , i thank you , father , lord of heaven and earth , that you hid these things from the wise and understanding , and revealed them to infants .
jesus answered him , because i told you , i saw you underneath the fig tree , ' do you believe ? you will see greater things than these !
david said to jonathan , behold , tomorrow is the new moon , and i should not fail to sit with the king at meat : but let me go , that i may hide myself in the field to the third day at evening .
so they sat down with him on the ground seven days and seven nights , and none spoke a word to him , for they saw that his grief was very great .
they prepare the table . they set the watch . they eat . they drink . rise up , you princes , oil the shield !
no one sews a piece of unshrunk cloth on an old garment , or else the patch shrinks and the new tears away from the old , and a worse hole is made .
then the word of yahweh came to jeremiah , after that the king had burned the scroll , and the words which baruch wrote at the mouth of jeremiah , saying ,
do n't withhold your tender mercies from me , yahweh . let your loving kindness and your truth continually preserve me .
my brothers have dealt deceitfully as a brook , as the channel of brooks that pass away ;
and how will they preach unless they are sent ? as it is written : how beautiful are the feet of those who preach the good news of peace , who bring glad tidings of good things !
for the day of yahweh is near all the nations ! as you have done , it will be done to you . your deeds will return upon your own head .
the farmer went out to sow his seed . as he sowed , some fell along the road , and it was trampled under foot , and the birds of the sky devoured it .
you are good , and do good . teach me your statutes .
he spread the covering over the tent , and put the roof of the tent above on it , as yahweh commanded moses .
he who implanted the ear , wo n't he hear ? he who formed the eye , wo n't he see ?
he closed the book , gave it back to the attendant , and sat down . the eyes of all in the synagogue were fastened on him .
the philistines stood on the mountain on the one side , and israel stood on the mountain on the other side : and there was a valley between them .
we have a little sister . she has no breasts . what shall we do for our sister in the day when she is to be spoken for ?
he said to me , son of man , go , get you to the house of israel , and speak with my words to them .
show me the tax money . they brought to him a denarius .
he carried out there all the treasures of the house of yahweh , and the treasures of the king 's house , and cut in pieces all the vessels of gold , which solomon king of israel had made in the temple of yahweh , as yahweh had said .
you have taken my friends from me . you have made me an abomination to them . i am confined , and i ca n't escape .
and cinnamon , incense , perfume , frankincense , wine , olive oil , fine flour , wheat , sheep , horses , chariots , and people 's bodies and souls .
that the creation itself also will be delivered from the bondage of decay into the liberty of the glory of the children of god .
so zedekiah the king swore secretly to jeremiah , saying , as yahweh lives , who made us this soul , i will not put you to death , neither will i give you into the hand of these men who seek your life .
yahweh said to moses , how long do you refuse to keep my commandments and my laws ?
the wilderness and the dry land will be glad . the desert will rejoice and blossom like a rose .
the egyptians shall know that i am yahweh , when i have gotten myself honor over pharaoh , over his chariots , and over his horsemen .
for i tell you , i will no longer by any means eat of it until it is fulfilled in the kingdom of god .
the sky was removed like a scroll when it is rolled up . every mountain and island were moved out of their places .
you shall make curtains of goats ' hair for a covering over the tent : eleven curtains shall you make them .
from the place of his habitation he looks out on all the inhabitants of the earth ,
your children make haste ; your destroyers and those who made you waste shall go forth from you .
i indeed declare , love stands firm forever . you established the heavens . your faithfulness is in them .
yahweh said to moses , take joshua the son of nun , a man in whom is the spirit , and lay your hand on him ;
surely none of the men who came up out of egypt , from twenty years old and upward , shall see the land which i swore to abraham , to isaac , and to jacob ; because they have not wholly followed me :
but the thing displeased samuel , when they said , give us a king to judge us . samuel prayed to yahweh .
the spirit lifted me up , and brought me in the vision by the spirit of god into chaldea , to them of the captivity . so the vision that i had seen went up from me .
it happened , that he was reclining at the table in his house , and many tax collectors and sinners sat down with jesus and his disciples , for there were many , and they followed him .
so that they go around naked without clothing . being hungry , they carry the sheaves .
jephthah said to them , i and my people were at great strife with the children of ammon ; and when i called you , you did n't save me out of their hand .
now , behold , in my affliction i have prepared for the house of yahweh one hundred thousand talents of gold , and one thousand thousand talents of silver , and of brass and iron without weight ; for it is in abundance : timber also and stone have i prepared ; and you may add to them .
arise , and depart ! for this is not your resting place , because of uncleanness that destroys , even with a grievous destruction .
jesus answered , you would have no power at all against me , unless it were given to you from above . therefore he who delivered me to you has greater sin .
and two turtledoves , or two young pigeons , such as he is able to afford ; and the one shall be a sin offering , and the other a burnt offering .
he was listening to paul speaking , who , fastening eyes on him , and seeing that he had faith to be made whole ,
though these three men were in it , as i live , says the lord yahweh , they should deliver neither sons nor daughters , but they only should be delivered themselves .
yahweh said to me , do n't fear him ; for i have delivered him , and all his people , and his land , into your hand ; and you shall do to him as you did to sihon king of the amorites , who lived at heshbon .
then he appeared to over five hundred brothers at once , most of whom remain until now , but some have also fallen asleep .
but if a priest buys a slave , purchased by his money , he shall eat of it ; and such as are born in his house , they shall eat of his bread .
that you may walk in the way of good men , and keep the paths of the righteous .
when you have stayed three days , you shall go down quickly , and come to the place where you did hide yourself when the business was in hand , and shall remain by the stone ezel .
but the vow of a widow , or of her who is divorced , even everything with which she has bound her soul , shall stand against her .
let them judge the people at all times . it shall be that every great matter they shall bring to you , but every small matter they shall judge themselves . so shall it be easier for you , and they shall share the load with you .
when he had determined to pass over into achaia , the brothers encouraged him , and wrote to the disciples to receive him . when he had come , he greatly helped those who had believed through grace ;
yahweh prepared a great fish to swallow up jonah , and jonah was in the belly of the fish three days and three nights .
because he loved your fathers , therefore he chose their seed after them , and brought you out with his presence , with his great power , out of egypt ;
he charged them that they should take nothing for their journey , except a staff only : no bread , no wallet , no money in their purse ,
then went samson down , and his father and his mother , to timnah , and came to the vineyards of timnah : and behold , a young lion roared against him .
two men went up into the temple to pray ; one was a pharisee , and the other was a tax collector .
when a man shall have a rising in his body 's skin , or a scab , or a bright spot , and it becomes in the skin of his body the plague of leprosy , then he shall be brought to aaron the priest , or to one of his sons the priests :
and said to him , run , speak to this young man , saying , jerusalem will be inhabited as villages without walls , because of the multitude of men and livestock in it .
one golden ladle of ten shekels , full of incense ;
the vision of obadiah . this is what the lord yahweh says about edom . we have heard news from yahweh , and an ambassador is sent among the nations , saying , arise , and let 's rise up against her in battle .
when i saw him , i fell at his feet like a dead man . he laid his right hand on me , saying , do n't be afraid . i am the first and the last ,
jacob tore his clothes , and put sackcloth on his waist , and mourned for his son many days .
yet the children of manasseh could n't drive out the inhabitants of those cities ; but the canaanites would dwell in that land .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
now may the lord of peace himself give you peace at all times in all ways . the lord be with you all .
but you shall go to my father 's house , and to my relatives , and take a wife for my son . '
what then shall i do when god rises up ? when he visits , what shall i answer him ?
when the lord saw her , he had compassion on her , and said to her , do n't cry .
there were also that said , we have borrowed money for the king 's tribute on our fields and our vineyards .
when it was evening he came with the twelve .
they went , and came to the mountain , and abode there three days , until the pursuers were returned : and the pursuers sought them throughout all the way , but did n't find them .
sometimes the cloud was from evening until morning ; and when the cloud was taken up in the morning , they traveled : or by day and by night , when the cloud was taken up , they traveled .
but naaman was angry , and went away , and said , behold , i thought , he will surely come out to me , and stand , and call on the name of yahweh his god , and wave his hand over the place , and recover the leper .
do you think that i have come to give peace in the earth ? i tell you , no , but rather division .
wherein you greatly rejoice , though now for a little while , if need be , you have been put to grief in various trials ,
even as it is written , for your sake we are killed all day long . we were accounted as sheep for the slaughter .
the righteous shall inherit the land , and live in it forever .
keep me from the snare which they have laid for me , from the traps of the workers of iniquity .
you shall set the levites before aaron , and before his sons , and offer them as a wave offering to yahweh .
therefore it is said in the book of the wars of yahweh , vaheb in suphah , the valleys of the arnon ,
rejoice with those who rejoice . weep with those who weep .
why do we also stand in jeopardy every hour ?
god spoke to noah and to his sons with him , saying ,
vex the midianites , and strike them ;
your vows are on me , god . i will give thank offerings to you .
the elders of gilead said to jephthah , yahweh shall be witness between us ; surely according to your word so will we do .
he encloses the face of his throne , and spreads his cloud on it .
they said to him , where is sarah , your wife ? he said , see , in the tent .
when your people israel are struck down before the enemy , because they have sinned against you ; if they turn again to you , and confess your name , and pray and make supplication to you in this house :
blessed are those whose ways are blameless , who walk according to yahweh 's law .
your eye shall not pity him , but you shall put away the innocent blood from israel , that it may go well with you .
now he spoke of judas , the son of simon iscariot , for it was he who would betray him , being one of the twelve .
moses went down from the mountain to the people , and sanctified the people ; and they washed their clothes .
for what does the scripture say ? abraham believed god , and it was accounted to him for righteousness .
i will keep my loving kindness for him forevermore . my covenant will stand firm with him .
they moved him to jealousy with strange gods ; with abominations provoked they him to anger .
if we are examined today concerning a good deed done to a crippled man , by what means this man has been healed ,
and being in readiness to avenge all disobedience , when your obedience will be made full .
do n't make a covenant with the inhabitants of the land , lest they play the prostitute after their gods , and sacrifice to their gods , and one call you and you eat of his sacrifice ;
as for you , house of israel , thus says the lord yahweh : go you , serve everyone his idols , and hereafter also , if you will not listen to me ; but my holy name shall you no more profane with your gifts , and with your idols .
i will abundantly bless her provision . i will satisfy her poor with bread .
certain also of the asiarchs , being his friends , sent to him and begged him not to venture into the theater .
the priest shall pour some of the oil into the palm of his own left hand ;
the beast which i saw was like a leopard , and his feet were like those of a bear , and his mouth like the mouth of a lion . the dragon gave him his power , his throne , and great authority .
now while he was not yet gone back , go back then , said he , to gedaliah the son of ahikam , the son of shaphan , whom the king of babylon has made governor over the cities of judah , and dwell with him among the people ; or go wherever it seems right to you to go . so the captain of the guard gave him food and a present , and let him go .
that path no bird of prey knows , neither has the falcon 's eye seen it .
the old men of gebal and the wise men of it were in you your repairers of ship seams : all the ships of the sea with their mariners were in you to deal in your merchandise .
they removed the burnt offerings , that they might give them according to the divisions of the fathers ' houses of the children of the people , to offer to yahweh , as it is written in the book of moses . so did they with the oxen .
he shall offer one of the turtledoves , or of the young pigeons , such as he is able to afford ,
and in vain do they worship me , teaching as doctrine rules made by men . '
it shall happen that as i thought to do to them , so will i do to you .
however , if you fulfill the royal law , according to the scripture , you shall love your neighbor as yourself , you do well .
for if , while we were enemies , we were reconciled to god through the death of his son , much more , being reconciled , we will be saved by his life .
therefore his parents said , he is of age . ask him .
yet all this avails me nothing , so long as i see mordecai the jew sitting at the king 's gate .
joab gave up the sum of the numbering of the people to david . all those of israel were one million one hundred thousand men who drew sword : and in judah were four hundred seventy thousand men who drew sword .
yahweh our god made a covenant with us in horeb .
men shall go into the caves of the rocks , and into the holes of the earth , from before the terror of yahweh , and from the glory of his majesty , when he arises to shake the earth mightily .
the tongue of the sucking child cleaves to the roof of his mouth for thirst : the young children ask bread , and no man breaks it to them .
the children of israel returned from chasing after the philistines , and they plundered their camp .
i understand more than the aged , because i have kept your precepts .
esau said , let me now leave with you some of the folk who are with me . he said , why ? let me find favor in the sight of my lord .
they went after them to the jordan : and behold , all the way was full of garments and vessels , which the syrians had cast away in their haste . the messengers returned , and told the king .
standing behind at his feet weeping , she began to wet his feet with her tears , and she wiped them with the hair of her head , kissed his feet , and anointed them with the ointment .
he who is too impoverished for such an offering chooses a tree that will not rot . he seeks a skillful workman to set up an engraved image for him that will not be moved .
whoever transgresses and does n't remain in the teaching of christ , does n't have god . he who remains in the teaching , the same has both the father and the son .
jephthah vowed a vow to yahweh , and said , if you will indeed deliver the children of ammon into my hand ,
shout for joy to yahweh , all you lands !
and say , what was your mother ? a lioness : she couched among lions , in the midst of the young lions she nourished her cubs .
and after the earthquake a fire ; but yahweh was not in the fire : and after the fire a still small voice .
you will know that i am in the midst of israel , and that i am yahweh , your god , and there is no one else ; and my people will never again be disappointed .
yahweh , why do you reject my soul ? why do you hide your face from me ?
i myself will fight against you with an outstretched hand and with a strong arm , even in anger , and in wrath , and in great indignation .
therefore jesus perceived that they wanted to ask him , and he said to them , do you inquire among yourselves concerning this , that i said , a little while , and you wo n't see me , and again a little while , and you will see me ? '
save yourself , and come down from the cross !
servants , obey in all things those who are your masters according to the flesh , not just when they are looking , as men pleasers , but in singleness of heart , fearing god .
then zebah and zalmunna said , rise you , and fall on us ; for as the man is , so is his strength . gideon arose , and killed zebah and zalmunna , and took the crescents that were on their camels ' necks .
he said , amos , what do you see ? i said , a basket of summer fruit . then yahweh said to me , the end has come on my people israel . i will not again pass by them any more .
moses returned to yahweh , and said , lord , why have you brought trouble on this people ? why is it that you have sent me ?
amaziah also said to amos , you seer , go , flee away into the land of judah , and there eat bread , and prophesy there :
he built an altar there , and called on the name of yahweh , and pitched his tent there . there isaac 's servants dug a well .
but the more they afflicted them , the more they multiplied and the more they spread out . they were grieved because of the children of israel .
these were heads of fathers ' houses of the levites , throughout their generations , chief men : these lived at jerusalem .
and four thousand were doorkeepers ; and four thousand praised yahweh with the instruments which i made , said david , for giving praise .
strong scales are his pride , shut up together with a close seal .
tell me , you whom my soul loves , where you graze your flock , where you rest them at noon ; for why should i be as one who is veiled beside the flocks of your companions ? lover
but the bull , and its skin , and its flesh , and its dung , he burned with fire outside the camp ; as yahweh commanded moses .
there is an evil which i have seen under the sun , the sort of error which proceeds from the ruler .
so i prophesied as i was commanded : and as i prophesied , there was a noise , and behold , an earthquake ; and the bones came together , bone to its bone .
then all the midianites and the amalekites and the children of the east assembled themselves together ; and they passed over , and encamped in the valley of jezreel .
he bowed the heavens also , and came down ; thick darkness was under his feet .
do you intend to reprove words , seeing that the speeches of one who is desperate are as wind ?
the little owl , the cormorant , the great owl ,
moses called bezalel and oholiab , and every wise - hearted man , in whose heart yahweh had put wisdom , even everyone whose heart stirred him up to come to the work to do it :
now the men observed diligently , and hurried to catch whether it were his mind ; and they said , your brother ben hadad . then he said , go you , bring him . then ben hadad came forth to him ; and he caused him to come up into the chariot .
the waters receded continually until the tenth month . in the tenth month , on the first day of the month , the tops of the mountains were seen .
whatever has no fins nor scales in the waters , that is an abomination to you .
moab shall be destroyed from being a people , because he has magnified himself against yahweh .
when they came to the nations , where they went , they profaned my holy name ; in that men said of them , these are the people of yahweh , and are gone forth out of his land .
yahweh will cause his glorious voice to be heard , and will show the descent of his arm , with the indignation of his anger , and the flame of a devouring fire , with a blast , tempest , and hailstones .
even to the next day after the seventh sabbath you shall number fifty days ; and you shall offer a new meal offering to yahweh .
then yahweh was jealous for his land , and had pity on his people .
yahweh will render to every man his righteousness and his faithfulness ; because yahweh delivered you into my hand today , and i would n't put forth my hand against yahweh 's anointed .
job speaks without knowledge , his words are without wisdom . '
those who shall be of you shall build the old waste places ; you shall raise up the foundations of many generations ; and you shall be called the repairer of the breach , the restorer of paths to dwell in .
for wisdom will enter into your heart . knowledge will be pleasant to your soul .
but it was so , that in the three and twentieth year of king jehoash the priests had not repaired the breaches of the house .
therefore said i , now will the philistines come down on me to gilgal , and i have n't entreated the favor of yahweh : i forced myself therefore , and offered the burnt offering .
he said to them , i am one hundred twenty years old this day ; i can no more go out and come in : and yahweh has said to me , you shall not go over this jordan .
behold , he snatches away ; who can hinder him ? who will ask him , what are you doing ? '
those who died by the plague were twenty - four thousand .
and their brothers , mighty men of valor , one hundred twenty - eight ; and their overseer was zabdiel , the son of haggedolim .
that they would desire mercies of the god of heaven concerning this secret ; that daniel and his companions should not perish with the rest of the wise men of babylon .
for this deed of the queen will come abroad to all women , to make their husbands contemptible in their eyes , when it shall be reported , the king ahasuerus commanded vashti the queen to be brought in before him , but she did n't come .
and the two kidneys , and the fat that is on them , which is by the loins , and the cover on the liver , with the kidneys , he shall take away .
the headdresses , the ankle chains , the sashes , the perfume bottles , the charms ,
remember his marvelous works that he has done , his wonders , and the judgments of his mouth ,
turn us again , yahweh god of armies . cause your face to shine , and we will be saved .
let us lie down in our shame , and let our confusion cover us ; for we have sinned against yahweh our god , we and our fathers , from our youth even to this day ; and we have not obeyed the voice of yahweh our god .
also the burnt offerings were in abundance , with the fat of the peace offerings , and with the drink offerings for every burnt offering . so the service of the house of yahweh was set in order .
now is the end on you , and i will send my anger on you , and will judge you according to your ways ; and i will bring on you all your abominations .
do n't snatch the word of truth out of my mouth , for i put my hope in your ordinances .
moreover those who had familiar spirits , and the wizards , and the teraphim , and the idols , and all the abominations that were seen in the land of judah and in jerusalem , did josiah put away , that he might confirm the words of the law which were written in the book that hilkiah the priest found in the house of yahweh .
then shall he who offers his offering offer to yahweh a meal offering of a tenth part of an ephah of fine flour mixed with the fourth part of a hin of oil :
and the priest shall examine him . behold , if there is a white rising in the skin , and it has turned the hair white , and there is raw flesh in the rising ,
all the people departed every man to his house : and david returned to bless his house .
with many other words he testified , and exhorted them , saying , save yourselves from this crooked generation !
the king of sodom said to abram , give me the people , and take the goods to yourself .
yes , he loved cursing , and it came to him . he did n't delight in blessing , and it was far from him .
they forsook the house of yahweh , the god of their fathers , and served the asherim and the idols : and wrath came on judah and jerusalem for this their guiltiness .
so she wrote letters in ahab 's name , and sealed them with his seal , and sent the letters to the elders and to the nobles who were in his city , and who lived with naboth .
how shall i come before yahweh , and bow myself before the exalted god ? shall i come before him with burnt offerings , with calves a year old ?
moses and aaron said to all the children of israel , at evening , then you shall know that yahweh has brought you out from the land of egypt ;
when i saw among the spoil a goodly babylonian mantle , and two hundred shekels of silver , and a wedge of gold of fifty shekels weight , then i coveted them , and took them ; and , behold , they are hid in the earth in the midst of my tent , and the silver under it .
for if we believe that jesus died and rose again , even so those who have fallen asleep in jesus will god bring with him .
that you abstain from things sacrificed to idols , from blood , from things strangled , and from sexual immorality , from which if you keep yourselves , it will be well with you . farewell .
the path of life leads upward for the wise , to keep him from going downward to sheol .
a false witness will perish , and a man who listens speaks to eternity .
to grant to us that we , being delivered out of the hand of our enemies , should serve him without fear ,
the king spoke and said , is not this great babylon , which i have built for the royal dwelling place , by the might of my power and for the glory of my majesty ?
they are like children who sit in the marketplace , and call one to another , saying , we piped to you , and you did n't dance . we mourned , and you did n't weep . '
i also will do this to you : i will appoint terror over you , even consumption and fever , that shall consume the eyes , and make the soul to pine away ; and you will sow your seed in vain , for your enemies will eat it .
for the redemption of the two hundred seventy - three of the firstborn of the children of israel , who exceed the number of the levites ,
then the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
then shall the trees of the wood sing for joy before yahweh ; for he comes to judge the earth .
who is left among you who saw this house in its former glory ? how do you see it now ? is n't it in your eyes as nothing ?
that you shall set apart to yahweh all that opens the womb , and every firstborn which you have that comes from an animal . the males shall be yahweh 's .
so shall my word be that goes forth out of my mouth : it shall not return to me void , but it shall accomplish that which i please , and it shall prosper in the thing whereto i sent it .
the grass withers , the flower fades , because yahweh 's breath blows on it . surely the people are like grass .
in the hill country , and in the lowland , and in the arabah , and in the slopes , and in the wilderness , and in the south ; the hittite , the amorite , and the canaanite , the perizzite , the hivite , and the jebusite :
yes , and you will be brought before governors and kings for my sake , for a testimony to them and to the nations .
he will lift up a banner to the nations from far , and he will whistle for them from the end of the earth . behold , they will come speedily and swiftly .
then contended i with the rulers , and said , why is the house of god forsaken ? i gathered them together , and set them in their place .
asa cried to yahweh his god , and said , yahweh , there is none besides you to help , between the mighty and him who has no strength : help us , yahweh our god ; for we rely on you , and in your name are we come against this multitude . yahweh , you are our god ; do n't let man prevail against you .
for you will eat the labor of your hands . you will be happy , and it will be well with you .
and sit on a stately bed , with a table prepared before it , whereupon you did set my incense and my oil .
you yourselves testify that i said , i am not the christ , ' but , i have been sent before him . '
the burnt offering that the prince shall offer to yahweh shall be on the sabbath day six lambs without blemish and a ram without blemish ;
for if a man with a gold ring , in fine clothing , comes into your synagogue , and a poor man in filthy clothing also comes in ;
he delivered them into the hands of his servants , every herd by itself , and said to his servants , pass over before me , and put a space between herd and herd .
they said therefore to him , what then do you do for a sign , that we may see , and believe you ? what work do you do ?
they went away in the boat to a desert place by themselves .
go quickly and tell his disciples , he has risen from the dead , and behold , he goes before you into galilee ; there you will see him . ' behold , i have told you .
pharisees came to him testing him , and asked him , is it lawful for a man to divorce his wife ?
wicked people earn deceitful wages , but one who sows righteousness reaps a sure reward .
for i have given you an example , that you also should do as i have done to you .
beware of the dogs , beware of the evil workers , beware of the false circumcision .
with a strong hand , and with an outstretched arm ; for his loving kindness endures forever :
their infants also will be dashed in pieces before their eyes . their houses will be ransacked , and their wives raped .
deliver me , yahweh , from my enemies . i flee to you to hide me .
come you near to me , hear you this ; from the beginning i have not spoken in secret ; from the time that it was , there am i : and now the lord yahweh has sent me , and his spirit .
a scoffer seeks wisdom , and does n't find it , but knowledge comes easily to a discerning person .
but be you glad and rejoice forever in that which i create ; for , behold , i create jerusalem a rejoicing , and her people a joy .
a certain servant girl saw him as he sat in the light , and looking intently at him , said , this man also was with him .
blessed be the god and father of our lord jesus christ , who according to his great mercy became our father again to a living hope through the resurrection of jesus christ from the dead ,
amid which certain jews from asia found me purified in the temple , not with a mob , nor with turmoil .
yahweh spoke with you face to face on the mountain out of the midst of the fire ,
when men strive together one with another , and the wife of the one draws near to deliver her husband out of the hand of him who strikes him , and puts forth her hand , and takes him by the secrets ;
tell us therefore , what do you think ? is it lawful to pay taxes to caesar , or not ?
the priests did n't say , where is yahweh ? and those who handle the law did n't know me : the rulers also transgressed against me , and the prophets prophesied by baal , and walked after things that do not profit .
but god came to abimelech in a dream of the night , and said to him , behold , you are a dead man , because of the woman whom you have taken . for she is a man 's wife .
he took his staff in his hand , and chose him five smooth stones out of the brook , and put them in the shepherd 's bag which he had , even in his wallet ; and his sling was in his hand : and he drew near to the philistine .
and said to the judges , consider what you do : for you do n't judge for man , but for yahweh ; and he is with you in the judgment .
the speech pleased the lord , that solomon had asked this thing .
a worthless man devises mischief . his speech is like a scorching fire .
and he who invited both of you would come and tell you , make room for this person . ' then you would begin , with shame , to take the lowest place .
because for the sake of the name they went out , taking nothing from the gentiles .
how do we hear , everyone in our own native language ?
you will have joy and gladness ; and many will rejoice at his birth .
it is even right for me to think this way on behalf of all of you , because i have you in my heart , because , both in my bonds and in the defense and confirmation of the good news , you all are partakers with me of grace .
which things indeed appear like wisdom in self - imposed worship , and humility , and severity to the body ; but are n't of any value against the indulgence of the flesh .
i will make people more rare than fine gold , even a person than the pure gold of ophir .
but in those days , after that oppression , the sun will be darkened , the moon will not give its light ,
in whom the god of this world has blinded the minds of the unbelieving , that the light of the good news of the glory of christ , who is the image of god , should not dawn on them .
therefore saul sent messengers to jesse , and said , send me david your son , who is with the sheep .
rebekah took the good clothes of esau , her elder son , which were with her in the house , and put them on jacob , her younger son .
they have sown wheat , and have reaped thorns ; they have put themselves to pain , and profit nothing : and you shall be ashamed of your fruits , because of the fierce anger of yahweh .
he will be like a wild donkey among men . his hand will be against every man , and every man 's hand against him . he will live opposite all of his brothers .
but peter , standing up with the eleven , lifted up his voice , and spoke out to them , you men of judea , and all you who dwell at jerusalem , let this be known to you , and listen to my words .
for the thing which i fear comes on me , that which i am afraid of comes to me .
give thanks to the lord of lords ; for his loving kindness endures forever :
( let me be weighed in an even balance , that god may know my integrity ) ;
and brought his head on a platter , and gave it to the young lady ; and the young lady gave it to her mother .
behold , the days come , that all that is in your house , and that which your fathers have laid up in store to this day , shall be carried to babylon : nothing shall be left , says yahweh .
we dreamed a dream in one night , i and he . we dreamed each man according to the interpretation of his dream .
every meal offering of a priest shall be wholly burned . it shall not be eaten .
and brought out israel from among them ; for his loving kindness endures forever ;
for solomon went after ashtoreth the goddess of the sidonians , and after milcom the abomination of the ammonites .
therefore my heart sounds for moab like pipes , and my heart sounds like pipes for the men of kir heres : therefore the abundance that he has gotten is perished .
he said to her , daughter , cheer up . your faith has made you well . go in peace .
there was a gate to the inner court toward the south : and he measured from gate to gate toward the south a hundred cubits .
the sons of the singers gathered themselves together , both out of the plain round about jerusalem , and from the villages of the netophathites ;
i will strengthen the arms of the king of babylon , and put my sword in his hand : but i will break the arms of pharaoh , and he shall groan before him with the groanings of a deadly wounded man .
the king shall mourn , and the prince shall be clothed with desolation , and the hands of the people of the land shall be troubled : i will do to them after their way , and according to their own judgments will i judge them ; and they shall know that i am yahweh .
yahweh spoke suddenly to moses , and to aaron , and to miriam , come out you three to the tent of meeting . they three came out .
i will seek that which was lost , and will bring back that which was driven away , and will bind up that which was broken , and will strengthen that which was sick : but the fat and the strong i will destroy ; i will feed them in justice .
again he departed from the borders of tyre and sidon , and came to the sea of galilee , through the midst of the region of decapolis .
he gathered together the priests and the levites , and said to them , go out to the cities of judah , and gather of all israel money to repair the house of your god from year to year ; and see that you hasten the matter . however the levites did n't hurry .
it shall happen in that day that a man shall keep alive a young cow , and two sheep ;
and he said to him , thus says jephthah : israel did n't take away the land of moab , nor the land of the children of ammon ,
the servant said , lord , it is done as you commanded , and there is still room . '
now solomon purposed to build a house for the name of yahweh , and a house for his kingdom .
gave his offering : one silver platter , the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels , one silver bowl of seventy shekels , after the shekel of the sanctuary ; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering ;
every animal , every creeping thing , and every bird , whatever moves on the earth , after their families , went forth out of the ark .
but shun foolish questionings , genealogies , strife , and disputes about the law ; for they are unprofitable and vain .
they have set up kings , but not by me . they have made princes , and i did n't approve . of their silver and their gold they have made themselves idols , that they may be cut off .
to bind their kings with chains , and their nobles with fetters of iron ;
the crowns shall be to helem , and to tobijah , and to jedaiah , and to hen the son of zephaniah , for a memorial in the temple of yahweh .
therefore i will weep with the weeping of jazer for the vine of sibmah . i will water you with my tears , heshbon , and elealeh : for on your summer fruits and on your harvest the battle shout has fallen .
and will cast them into the furnace of fire . there will be weeping and the gnashing of teeth .
woe to you , you who are full now ! for you will be hungry . woe to you who laugh now ! for you will mourn and weep .
it is changed as clay under the seal , and stands forth as a garment .
thus shall my anger be accomplished , and i will cause my wrath toward them to rest , and i shall be comforted ; and they shall know that i , yahweh , have spoken in my zeal , when i have accomplished my wrath on them .
yes , they sacrificed their sons and their daughters to demons .
i went up by revelation , and i laid before them the good news which i preach among the gentiles , but privately before those who were respected , for fear that i might be running , or had run , in vain .
for there are also many unruly men , vain talkers and deceivers , especially those of the circumcision ,
now in the things which we are saying , the main point is this . we have such a high priest , who sat down on the right hand of the throne of the majesty in the heavens ,
arise , get you to zarephath , which belongs to sidon , and dwell there : behold , i have commanded a widow there to sustain you .
the angel of yahweh appeared to him in a flame of fire out of the midst of a bush . he looked , and behold , the bush burned with fire , and the bush was not consumed .
on the twenty - fourth day of the eleventh month , which is the month shebat , in the second year of darius , the word of yahweh came to zechariah the son of berechiah , the son of iddo , the prophet , saying ,
therefore let us keep the feast , not with old yeast , neither with the yeast of malice and wickedness , but with the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth .
but jehoiada grew old and was full of days , and he died ; one hundred thirty years old was he when he died .
the kingdom and the dominion , and the greatness of the kingdoms under the whole sky , shall be given to the people of the saints of the most high : his kingdom is an everlasting kingdom , and all dominions shall serve and obey him .
for entangled like thorns , and drunken as with their drink , they are consumed utterly like dry stubble .
then he told the man , stretch out your hand . he stretched it out ; and it was restored whole , just like the other .
in the thickness of the wall of the court toward the east , before the separate place , and before the building , there were chambers .
she lived under the palm tree of deborah between ramah and bethel in the hill country of ephraim : and the children of israel came up to her for judgment .
out of the tribe of issachar , kishion with its suburbs , daberath with its suburbs ,
the captain of the guard took jeremiah , and said to him , yahweh your god pronounced this evil on this place ;
this is the word that i covenanted with you when you came out of egypt , and my spirit lived among you . do n't be afraid . '
as clouds and wind without rain , so is he who boasts of gifts deceptively .
their camels , four hundred thirty - five ; their donkeys , six thousand seven hundred and twenty .
the first creature was like a lion , and the second creature like a calf , and the third creature had a face like a man , and the fourth was like a flying eagle .
they sacrifice on the tops of the mountains , and burn incense on the hills , under oaks and poplars and terebinths , because its shade is good . therefore your daughters play the prostitute , and your brides commit adultery .
now jesus stood before the governor : and the governor asked him , saying , are you the king of the jews ? jesus said to him , so you say .
lament , mourn , and weep . let your laughter be turned to mourning , and your joy to gloom .
all who sat in the council , fastening their eyes on him , saw his face like it was the face of an angel .
concerning the prophets . my heart within me is broken , all my bones shake ; i am like a drunken man , and like a man whom wine has overcome , because of yahweh , and because of his holy words .
it shall be , when the officers have made an end of speaking to the people , that they shall appoint captains of armies at the head of the people .
make a joyful shout to god , all the earth !
heshbon cries out with elealeh . their voice is heard even to jahaz . therefore the armed men of moab cry aloud . their souls tremble within them .
but he passed away , and behold , he was not . yes , i sought him , but he could not be found .
if i say , i will forget my complaint , i will put off my sad face , and cheer up ; '
they brought up the ark of yahweh , and the tent of meeting , and all the holy vessels that were in the tent ; even these did the priests and the levites bring up .
take the sum of all the congregation of the children of israel , from twenty years old and upward , by their fathers ' houses , all who are able to go forth to war in israel .
as you would like people to do to you , do exactly so to them .
if evil come on us , the sword , judgment , or pestilence , or famine , we will stand before this house , and before you , ( for your name is in this house ) , and cry to you in our affliction , and you will hear and save .
then hear from heaven , even from your dwelling place , and do according to all that the foreigner calls to you for ; that all the peoples of the earth may know your name , and fear you , as does your people israel , and that they may know that this house which i have built is called by your name .
none is so fierce that he dare stir him up . who then is he who can stand before me ?
they therefore departed from the presence of the council , rejoicing that they were counted worthy to suffer dishonor for jesus ' name .
moses spoke to yahweh , saying ,
no , in all these things , we are more than conquerors through him who loved us .
he was very thirsty , and called on yahweh , and said , you have given this great deliverance by the hand of your servant ; and now shall i die for thirst , and fall into the hand of the uncircumcised .
of the levites , ahijah was over the treasures of the house of god , and over the treasures of the dedicated things .
the woman conceived , and bore a son . when she saw that he was a fine child , she hid him three months .
however , the most high does n't dwell in temples made with hands , as the prophet says ,
aaron took as moses spoke , and ran into the midst of the assembly ; and behold , the plague was begun among the people : and he put on the incense , and made atonement for the people .
namely , bezer in the wilderness , in the plain country , for the reubenites ; and ramoth in gilead , for the gadites ; and golan in bashan , for the manassites .
for the fortified city is solitary , a habitation deserted and forsaken , like the wilderness . the calf will feed there , and there he will lie down , and consume its branches .
all the people , even the men of war who were with him , went up , and drew near , and came before the city , and encamped on the north side of ai : now there was a valley between him and ai .
it shall be , when you are come in to the land which yahweh your god gives you for an inheritance , and possess it , and dwell therein ,
neither does one jostle another ; they march everyone in his path , and they burst through the defenses , and do n't break ranks .
behold , a prophet came near to ahab king of israel , and said , thus says yahweh , have you seen all this great multitude ? behold , i will deliver it into your hand this day ; and you shall know that i am yahweh .
because you are glad , because you rejoice , o you who plunder my heritage , because you are wanton as a heifer that treads out the grain , and neigh as strong horses ;
do n't be deceived . god is not mocked , for whatever a man sows , that he will also reap .
you shall take no ransom for him who is fled to his city of refuge , that he may come again to dwell in the land , until the death of the priest .
confuse them , lord , and confound their language , for i have seen violence and strife in the city .
for by your words you will be justified , and by your words you will be condemned .
but let the righteous be glad . let them rejoice before god . yes , let them rejoice with gladness .
he said to them , take heed what you hear . with whatever measure you measure , it will be measured to you , and more will be given to you who hear .
i will stretch over jerusalem the line of samaria , and the plummet of the house of ahab ; and i will wipe jerusalem as a man wipes a dish , wiping it and turning it upside down .
elisha said to her , what shall i do for you ? tell me ; what have you in the house ? she said , your handmaid has nothing in the house , except a pot of oil .
you also once walked in those , when you lived in them ;
there are also celestial bodies , and terrestrial bodies ; but the glory of the celestial differs from that of the terrestrial .
nevertheless my eye spared them , and i did n't destroy them , neither did i make a full end of them in the wilderness .
the border went down to the brook of kanah , southward of the brook : these cities belonged to ephraim among the cities of manasseh : and the border of manasseh was on the north side of the brook , and the goings out of it were at the sea :
for without cause they have hidden their net in a pit for me . without cause they have dug a pit for my soul .
woe to you , scribes and pharisees , hypocrites ! for you travel around by sea and land to make one proselyte ; and when he becomes one , you make him twice as much of a son of gehenna as yourselves .
in the eighth month , in the second year of darius , the word of yahweh came to zechariah the son of berechiah , the son of iddo , the prophet , saying ,
they pour out arrogant words . all the evil - doers boast .
yet i destroyed the amorite before them , whose height was like the height of the cedars , and he was strong as the oaks ; yet i destroyed his fruit from above , and his roots from beneath .
the children of the captivity did so . ezra the priest , with certain heads of fathers ' houses , after their fathers ' houses , and all of them by their names , were set apart ; and they sat down in the first day of the tenth month to examine the matter .
that i may make the voice of thanksgiving to be heard , and tell of all your wondrous works .
serve yahweh with gladness . come before his presence with singing .
therefore love the foreigner ; for you were foreigners in the land of egypt .
but they said , we will drink no wine ; for jonadab the son of rechab , our father , commanded us , saying , you shall drink no wine , neither you , nor your sons , forever :
but he , because he lives forever , has his priesthood unchangeable .
they divide my garments among them . they cast lots for my clothing .
being made free from sin , you became bondservants of righteousness .
for i testify about him , that he has great zeal for you , and for those in laodicea , and for those in hierapolis .
do n't deliver the soul of your dove to wild beasts . do n't forget the life of your poor forever .
as for man , his days are like grass . as a flower of the field , so he flourishes .
he made the lampstand of pure gold . he made the lampstand of beaten work . its base , its shaft , its cups , its buds , and its flowers were of one piece with it .
by reason of the multitude of oppressions they cry out ; they cry for help by reason of the arm of the mighty .
yahweh answered the angel who talked with me with kind and comforting words .
therefore , behold , i will cause them to know , this once will i cause them to know my hand and my might ; and they shall know that my name is yahweh .
but he said to her , you speak as one of the foolish women would speak . what ? shall we receive good at the hand of god , and shall we not receive evil ? in all this job did n't sin with his lips .
it is given to be furbished , that it may be handled : the sword , it is sharpened , yes , it is furbished , to give it into the hand of the killer .
he said , peaceably ; i am come to sacrifice to yahweh : sanctify yourselves , and come with me to the sacrifice . he sanctified jesse and his sons , and called them to the sacrifice .
give , and it will be given to you : good measure , pressed down , shaken together , and running over , will be given to you . for with the same measure you measure it will be measured back to you .
yahweh , i know that the way of man is not in himself : it is not in man who walks to direct his steps .
those who were numbered of them , of the tribe of benjamin , were thirty - five thousand four hundred .
now therefore when i come to your servant my father , and the boy is not with us ; seeing that his life is bound up in the boy 's life ;
a continual dropping on a rainy day and a contentious wife are alike :
and the sash of fine twined linen , and blue , and purple , and scarlet , the work of the embroiderer , as yahweh commanded moses .
he placed the breastplate on him ; and in the breastplate he put the urim and the thummim .
and the fourth row , a chrysolite , an onyx , and a jasper . they were enclosed in gold settings .
his disciples went out , and came into the city , and found things as he had said to them , and they prepared the passover .
they said to you that in the last time there will be mockers , walking after their own ungodly lusts .
he lifted up his eyes , and saw the wayfaring man in the street of the city ; and the old man said , where go you ? and whence come you ?
yahweh , do n't grant the desires of the wicked . do n't let their evil plans succeed , or they will become proud . selah .
the time drew near that israel must die , and he called his son joseph , and said to him , if now i have found favor in your sight , please put your hand under my thigh , and deal kindly and truly with me . please do n't bury me in egypt ,
adonijah feared because of solomon ; and he arose , and went , and caught hold on the horns of the altar .
jesus therefore answered , it is he to whom i will give this piece of bread when i have dipped it . so when he had dipped the piece of bread , he gave it to judas , the son of simon iscariot .
but that you also may know my affairs , how i am doing , tychicus , the beloved brother and faithful servant in the lord , will make known to you all things ;
then they asked him , tell us , please , for whose cause this evil is on us . what is your occupation ? where do you come from ? what is your country ? of what people are you ?
for him who knew no sin he made to be sin on our behalf ; so that in him we might become the righteousness of god .
now i will tell you what i will do to my vineyard . i will take away its hedge , and it will be eaten up . i will break down its wall of it , and it will be trampled down .
when this comes to pass , ( behold , it comes ) , then shall they know that a prophet has been among them .
his bones are full of his youth , but youth shall lie down with him in the dust .
thus were they divided impartially by drawing lots ; for there were princes of the sanctuary , and princes of god , both of the sons of eleazar , and of the sons of ithamar .
then saul said to jonathan , tell me what you have done . jonathan told him , and said , i did certainly taste a little honey with the end of the rod that was in my hand ; and behold , i must die .
this is love , that we should walk according to his commandments . this is the commandment , even as you heard from the beginning , that you should walk in it .
i brought your fathers out of egypt : and you came to the sea ; and the egyptians pursued after your fathers with chariots and with horsemen to the red sea .
he made the poles of acacia wood , and overlaid them with brass .
but mixed themselves with the nations , and learned their works .
stephen , full of faith and power , performed great wonders and signs among the people .
behold , men brought a paralyzed man on a cot , and they sought to bring him in to lay before jesus .
the princes of moab rose up , and they went to balak , and said , balaam refuses to come with us .
then jesus came with them to a place called gethsemane , and said to his disciples , sit here , while i go there and pray .
thus says yahweh , the god of israel , thus shall you tell the king of judah , who sent you to me to inquire of me : behold , pharaoh 's army , which is come forth to help you , shall return to egypt into their own land .
to titus , my true child according to a common faith : grace , mercy , and peace from god the father and the lord jesus christ our savior .
but afterward i will bring back the captivity of the children of ammon , says yahweh .
you were in eden , the garden of god ; every precious stone adorned you : ruby , topaz , emerald , chrysolite , onyx , jasper , sapphire , turquoise , and beryl . gold work of tambourines and of pipes was in you . in the day that you were created they were prepared .
moses entered into the midst of the cloud , and went up on the mountain ; and moses was on the mountain forty days and forty nights .
by this everyone will know that you are my disciples , if you have love for one another .
there will be no night , and they need no lamp light ; for the lord god will illuminate them . they will reign forever and ever .
and the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour for a meal offering , mixed with the fourth part of a hin of beaten oil .
asshur is there and all her company ; her graves are round about her ; all of them slain , fallen by the sword ;
thus says yahweh against all my evil neighbors , who touch the inheritance which i have caused my people israel to inherit : behold , i will pluck them up from off their land , and will pluck up the house of judah from among them .
the princes were angry with jeremiah , and struck him , and put him in prison in the house of jonathan the scribe ; for they had made that the prison .
he will judge the world in righteousness . he will administer judgment to the peoples in uprightness .
my bread also which i gave you , fine flour , and oil , and honey , with which i fed you , you did even set it before them for a sweet savor ; and thus it was , says the lord yahweh .
his master said to him , we wo n't turn aside into the city of a foreigner , that is not of the children of israel ; but we will pass over to gibeah .
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old shall you number them , everyone who enters on the service , to do the work of the tent of meeting .
the angel thrust his sickle into the earth , and gathered the vintage of the earth , and threw it into the great winepress of the wrath of god .
if any of your outcasts are in the uttermost parts of the heavens , from there will yahweh your god gather you , and from there he will bring you back :
at what instant i shall speak concerning a nation , and concerning a kingdom , to build and to plant it ;
if the household is worthy , let your peace come on it , but if it is n't worthy , let your peace return to you .
he said , watch out that you do n't get led astray , for many will come in my name , saying , i am , ' and , the time is at hand . ' therefore do n't follow them .
it happened after this , that the children of moab , and the children of ammon , and with them some of the ammonites , came against jehoshaphat to battle .
he said to him , bring me a heifer three years old , a female goat three years old , a ram three years old , a turtledove , and a young pigeon .
they reasoned with one another , saying , it 's because we have no bread .
he who sins is of the devil , for the devil has been sinning from the beginning . to this end the son of god was revealed , that he might destroy the works of the devil .
you shall strike every fortified city , and every choice city , and shall fell every good tree , and stop all springs of water , and mar every good piece of land with stones .
in the greatness of your excellency , you overthrow those who rise up against you : you send forth your wrath . it consumes them as stubble .
they have turned aside quickly out of the way which i commanded them . they have made themselves a molten calf , and have worshiped it , and have sacrificed to it , and said , these are your gods , israel , which brought you up out of the land of egypt . '
god is our refuge and strength , a very present help in trouble .
there is salvation in none other , for neither is there any other name under heaven , that is given among men , by which we must be saved !
the lamp of the body is the eye . therefore when your eye is good , your whole body is also full of light ; but when it is evil , your body also is full of darkness .
those who fled stand without strength under the shadow of heshbon ; for a fire is gone forth out of heshbon , and a flame from the midst of sihon , and has devoured the corner of moab , and the crown of the head of the tumultuous ones .
it happened , when i , even i daniel , had seen the vision , that i sought to understand it ; and behold , there stood before me as the appearance of a man .
but above all things , my brothers , do n't swear , neither by heaven , nor by the earth , nor by any other oath ; but let your yes be yes , and your no , no ; so that you do n't fall into hypocrisy .
they shall know that i am yahweh their god , in that i caused them to go into captivity among the nations , and have gathered them to their own land ; and i will leave none of them any more there ;
but do n't be far off , yahweh . you are my help : hurry to help me .
it happened in the morning that his spirit was troubled , and he sent and called for all of egypt 's magicians and wise men . pharaoh told them his dreams , but there was no one who could interpret them to pharaoh .
simon peter answered him , lord , to whom would we go ? you have the words of eternal life .
see if there is any wicked way in me , and lead me in the everlasting way .
the voice of my beloved ! behold , he comes , leaping on the mountains , skipping on the hills .
it happened in the eleventh year , in the first month , in the seventh day of the month , that the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
a noise shall come even to the end of the earth ; for yahweh has a controversy with the nations ; he will enter into judgment with all flesh : as for the wicked , he will give them to the sword , says yahweh .
he had also seven sons and three daughters .
seeing that many boast after the flesh , i will also boast .
now hannah , she spoke in her heart ; only her lips moved , but her voice was not heard : therefore eli thought she had been drunken .
do n't stand in the crossroads to cut off those of his who escape . do n't deliver up those of his who remain in the day of distress .
the children also of his servants shall inherit it . those who love his name shall dwell therein .
all the cities of the families of the rest of the children of kohath were ten with their suburbs .
can a man be profitable to god ? surely he who is wise is profitable to himself .
it happened , when rachel had borne joseph , that jacob said to laban , send me away , that i may go to my own place , and to my country .
and to carry the silver and gold , which the king and his counselors have freely offered to the god of israel , whose habitation is in jerusalem ,
teaching them to observe all things that i commanded you . behold , i am with you always , even to the end of the age . amen .
he told her all his heart , and said to her , no razor has ever come on my head ; for i have been a nazirite to god from my mother 's womb . if i am shaved , then my strength will go from me , and i will become weak , and be like any other man .
he who overcomes will be arrayed in white garments , and i will in no way blot his name out of the book of life , and i will confess his name before my father , and before his angels .
all the brothers greet you . greet one another with a holy kiss .
israel said , why did you treat me so badly , telling the man that you had another brother ?
you shall break them with a rod of iron . you shall dash them in pieces like a potter 's vessel .
if i ascend up into heaven , you are there . if i make my bed in sheol , behold , you are there !
a voice was heard in ramah , lamentation , weeping and great mourning , rachel weeping for her children ; she would n't be comforted , because they are no more .
his brothers saw that their father loved him more than all his brothers , and they hated him , and could n't speak peaceably to him .
then ahimelech answered the king , and said , who among all your servants is so faithful as david , who is the king 's son - in - law , and is taken into your council , and is honorable in your house ?
does he who plows to sow plow continually ? does he keep turning the soil and breaking the clods ?
david also took ahinoam of jezreel ; and they became both of them his wives .
moses led the people out of the camp to meet god ; and they stood at the lower part of the mountain .
he shall kill it on the north side of the altar before yahweh . aaron 's sons , the priests , shall sprinkle its blood around on the altar .
his daughter was sheerah , who built beth horon the lower and the upper , and uzzen sheerah .
paul , a prisoner of christ jesus , and timothy our brother , to philemon , our beloved fellow worker ,
you have plowed wickedness . you have reaped iniquity . you have eaten the fruit of lies , for you trusted in your way , in the multitude of your mighty men .
then moses and aaron fell on their faces before all the assembly of the congregation of the children of israel .
why do the nations rage , and the peoples plot a vain thing ?
for you know that even when he afterward desired to inherit the blessing , he was rejected , for he found no place for a change of mind though he sought it diligently with tears .
the burden of tyre . howl , you ships of tarshish ! for it is laid waste , so that there is no house , no entering in . from the land of kittim it is revealed to them .
the jews therefore said , will he kill himself , that he says , where i am going , you ca n't come ? '
and with you will i break in pieces the shepherd and his flock ; and with you will i break in pieces the farmer and his yoke of oxen ; and with you will i break in pieces governors and deputies .
and i will bring you into the wilderness of the peoples , and there will i enter into judgment with you face to face .
the high priest said , are these things so ?
for the lord had made the army of the syrians to hear a noise of chariots , and a noise of horses , even the noise of a great army : and they said one to another , behold , the king of israel has hired against us the kings of the hittites , and the kings of the egyptians , to come on us .
his division , and those who were numbered of them , were fifty - nine thousand three hundred .
suddenly there was a great earthquake , so that the foundations of the prison were shaken ; and immediately all the doors were opened , and everyone 's bonds were loosened .
the seven priests bearing the seven trumpets of rams ' horns before the ark of yahweh went on continually , and blew the trumpets : and the armed men went before them ; and the rearward came after the ark of yahweh , the priests blowing the trumpets as they went .
for most assuredly , i tell you , until heaven and earth pass away , not even one smallest letter or one tiny pen stroke shall in any way pass away from the law , until all things are accomplished .
the king of egypt said to them , why do you , moses and aaron , take the people from their work ? get back to your burdens !
it had been revealed to him by the holy spirit that he should not see death before he had seen the lord 's christ .
fathers , do n't provoke your children , so that they wo n't be discouraged .
and you shall offer for the drink offering half a hin of wine , for an offering made by fire , of a sweet savor to yahweh .
for , behold , they have gone away from destruction . egypt will gather them up . memphis will bury them . nettles will possess their pleasant things of silver . thorns will be in their tents .
i am indeed a jew , born in tarsus of cilicia , but brought up in this city at the feet of gamaliel , instructed according to the strict manner of the law of our fathers , being zealous for god , even as you all are this day .
it happened that when jesus had finished directing his twelve disciples , he departed from there to teach and preach in their cities .
a certain centurion 's servant , who was dear to him , was sick and at the point of death .
yahweh said to moses , tell aaron , take your rod , and stretch out your hand over the waters of egypt , over their rivers , over their streams , and over their pools , and over all their ponds of water , that they may become blood ; and there shall be blood throughout all the land of egypt , both in vessels of wood and in vessels of stone . '
david said to all his servants who were with him at jerusalem , arise , and let us flee ; for else none of us shall escape from absalom : make speed to depart , lest he overtake us quickly , and bring down evil on us , and strike the city with the edge of the sword .
be it known therefore to you , that the salvation of god is sent to the nations . they will also listen .
woe to you , land , when your king is a child , and your princes eat in the morning !
he fell on his face at jesus ' feet , giving him thanks ; and he was a samaritan .
your lips are like scarlet thread . your mouth is lovely . your temples are like a piece of a pomegranate behind your veil .
is it at your command that the eagle mounts up , and makes his nest on high ?
you fathers , do n't provoke your children to wrath , but nurture them in the discipline and instruction of the lord .
after this thing jeroboam did n't return from his evil way , but made again from among all the people priests of the high places : whoever would , he consecrated him , that there might be priests of the high places .
then i will establish the throne of your kingdom , according as i covenanted with david your father , saying , there shall not fail you a man to be ruler in israel .
do n't eat the food of him who has a stingy eye , and do n't crave his delicacies :
all flying insects that walk on all fours are an abomination to you .
isaiah said , take a cake of figs . they took and laid it on the boil , and he recovered .
he said to them , it is n't for you to know times or seasons which the father has set within his own authority .
until yahweh give rest to your brothers , as to you , and they also possess the land which yahweh your god gives them beyond the jordan : then shall you return every man to his possession , which i have given you .
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
for whoever shall keep the whole law , and yet stumble in one point , he has become guilty of all .
circumcision is nothing , and uncircumcision is nothing , but the keeping of the commandments of god .
then answered they and said before the king , that daniel , who is of the children of the captivity of judah , does n't regard you , o king , nor the interdict that you have signed , but makes his petition three times a day .
to him who made the great lights ; for his loving kindness endures forever :
this is the history of the generations of noah . noah was a righteous man , blameless among the people of his time . noah walked with god .
she spoke to him according to these words , saying , the hebrew servant , whom you have brought to us , came in to me to mock me ,
in those days , while mordecai was sitting in the king 's gate , two of the king 's chamberlains , bigthan and teresh , of those who kept the threshold , were angry , and sought to lay hands on the king ahasuerus .
pharaoh said , behold , the people of the land are now many , and you make them rest from their burdens .
he also drove out the nations before them , allotted them for an inheritance by line , and made the tribes of israel to dwell in their tents .
the grace of our lord jesus christ be with your spirit . amen .
yahweh said to moses , when you go back into egypt , see that you do before pharaoh all the wonders which i have put in your hand , but i will harden his heart and he will not let the people go .
her nobles were purer than snow , they were whiter than milk ; they were more ruddy in body than rubies , their polishing was as of sapphire .
concerning jehoiakim king of judah you shall say , thus says yahweh : you have burned this scroll , saying , why have you written therein , saying , the king of babylon shall certainly come and destroy this land , and shall cause to cease from there man and animal ?
yahweh said to joshua , get you up ; why are you thus fallen on your face ?
in that hour the disciples came to jesus , saying , who then is greatest in the kingdom of heaven ?
for your arrows have pierced me , your hand presses hard on me .
he went with him , and a great multitude followed him , and they pressed upon him on all sides .
he overlaid also the house , the beams , the thresholds , and the walls of it , and the doors of it , with gold ; and engraved cherubim on the walls .
for thus says yahweh , behold , i will sling out the inhabitants of the land at this time , and will distress them , that they may feel it .
that your days may be multiplied , and the days of your children , in the land which yahweh swore to your fathers to give them , as the days of the heavens above the earth .
rehoboam went to shechem ; for all israel were come to shechem to make him king .
go you , inquire of yahweh for me , and for the people , and for all judah , concerning the words of this book that is found ; for great is the wrath of yahweh that is kindled against us , because our fathers have not listened to the words of this book , to do according to all that which is written concerning us .
how he entered into the house of god when abiathar was high priest , and ate the show bread , which it is not lawful to eat except for the priests , and gave also to those who were with him ?
and their meal offering , fine flour mixed with oil , three tenth parts for every bull of the thirteen bulls , two tenth parts for each ram of the two rams ,
demetrius has the testimony of all , and of the truth itself ; yes , we also testify , and you know that our testimony is true .
if now you have understanding , hear this . listen to the voice of my words .
let my tongue sing of your word , for all your commandments are righteousness .
he said , do n't lay your hand on the boy , neither do anything to him . for now i know that you fear god , seeing you have not withheld your son , your only son , from me .
preaching boldly in the name of the lord . he spoke and disputed against the hellenists , but they were seeking to kill him .
and i will clothe him with your robe , and strengthen him with your belt . i will commit your government into his hand ; and he will be a father to the inhabitants of jerusalem , and to the house of judah .
and they entered into the boat , and were going over the sea to capernaum . it was now dark , and jesus had not come to them .
their father said to them , which way did he go ? now his sons had seen which way the man of god went , who came from judah .
behold , i come quickly . blessed is he who keeps the words of the prophecy of this book .
moses turned , and went down from the mountain , with the two tablets of the testimony in his hand ; tablets that were written on both their sides ; on the one side and on the other they were written .
great is yahweh , and greatly to be praised ! his greatness is unsearchable .
my dwelling is removed , and is carried away from me like a shepherd 's tent . i have rolled up , like a weaver , my life . he will cut me off from the loom . from day even to night you will make an end of me .
jesus said to him , you shall love the lord your god with all your heart , and with all your soul , and with all your mind . '
azariah the priest went in after him , and with him eighty priests of yahweh , who were valiant men :
saul said , cast lots between me and jonathan my son . jonathan was taken .
remove your scourge away from me . i am overcome by the blow of your hand .
there the centurion found a ship of alexandria sailing for italy , and he put us on board .
the children of israel shall pitch their tents , every man by his own camp , and every man by his own standard , according to their divisions .
therefore the children of israel do n't eat the sinew of the hip , which is on the hollow of the thigh , to this day , because he touched the hollow of jacob 's thigh in the sinew of the hip .
then hezekiah commanded to prepare chambers in the house of yahweh ; and they prepared them .
saying , what do you think of the christ ? whose son is he ? they said to him , of david .
i have therefore my boasting in christ jesus in things pertaining to god .
those who were numbered of them , of the tribe of naphtali , were fifty - three thousand four hundred .
so my heavenly father will also do to you , if you do n't each forgive your brother from your hearts for his misdeeds .
the waters receded from the earth continually . after the end of one hundred fifty days the waters decreased .
then justice will dwell in the wilderness ; and righteousness will remain in the fruitful field .
knowing that the putting off of my tent comes swiftly , even as our lord jesus christ made clear to me .
the king answered , i know of a certainty that you would gain time , because you see the thing is gone from me .
how the christ must suffer , and how , by the resurrection of the dead , he would be first to proclaim light both to these people and to the gentiles .
but you , brothers , do n't be weary in doing well .
the egyptians pursued after them : all the horses and chariots of pharaoh , his horsemen , and his army ; and overtook them encamping by the sea , beside pihahiroth , before baal zephon .
in the twenty - fourth day of the month , in the sixth month , in the second year of darius the king .
and they shall bring the glory and the honor of the nations into it so that they may enter .
know this for sure , that no sexually immoral person , nor unclean person , nor covetous man , who is an idolater , has any inheritance in the kingdom of christ and god .
nor can they prove to you the things of which they now accuse me .
for thus says the lord yahweh : i will bring up a company against them , and will give them to be tossed back and forth and robbed .
he took him into the field of zophim , to the top of pisgah , and built seven altars , and offered up a bull and a ram on every altar .
so you also have some who hold to the teaching of the nicolaitans likewise .
moses commanded the children of israel according to the word of yahweh , saying , the tribe of the sons of joseph speaks right .
whoever robs his father or his mother , and says , it 's not wrong . he is a partner with a destroyer .
therefore we said , let us now prepare to build us an altar , not for burnt offering , nor for sacrifice :
salvation belongs to yahweh . your blessing be on your people . selah .
and saying , if you are the king of the jews , save yourself !
when i came to you , brothers , i did n't come with excellence of speech or of wisdom , proclaiming to you the testimony of god .
she hurried , and emptied her pitcher into the trough , and ran again to the well to draw , and drew for all his camels .
moses wrote their goings out according to their journeys by the commandment of yahweh : and these are their journeys according to their goings out .
when you go , your steps will not be hampered . when you run , you will not stumble .
i will put forth my hand and strike egypt with all my wonders which i will do in the midst of it , and after that he will let you go .
the captain of the guard took seraiah the chief priest , and zephaniah the second priest , and the three keepers of the threshold :
another angel came out from the temple , crying with a loud voice to him who sat on the cloud , send forth your sickle , and reap ; for the hour to reap has come ; for the harvest of the earth is ripe !
beside the gates , at the entry of the city , at the entry doors , she cries aloud :
in that time , a present will be brought to yahweh of armies from a people tall and smooth , even from a people awesome from their beginning onward , a nation that measures out and treads down , whose land the rivers divide , to the place of the name of yahweh of armies , mount zion .
they shall go forth , and look on the dead bodies of the men who have transgressed against me : for their worm shall not die , neither shall their fire be quenched ; and they shall be an abhorring to all flesh .
be glad in yahweh , you righteous people ! give thanks to his holy name .
pay attention to him , and listen to his voice . do n't provoke him , for he will not pardon your disobedience , for my name is in him .
but let your yes ' be yes ' and your no ' be no . ' whatever is more than these is of the evil one .
for thus says yahweh : david shall never want a man to sit on the throne of the house of israel ;
but of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil , you shall not eat of it ; for in the day that you eat of it you will surely die .
but i will sing of your strength . yes , i will sing aloud of your loving kindness in the morning . for you have been my high tower , a refuge in the day of my distress .
you are wearied in the multitude of your counsels : let now the astrologers , the stargazers , the monthly prognosticators , stand up , and save you from the things that shall come on you .
he said , i saw all israel scattered on the mountains , as sheep that have no shepherd : and yahweh said , these have no master ; let them return every man to his house in peace .
you shall hang up the veil under the clasps , and shall bring the ark of the testimony in there within the veil : and the veil shall separate the holy place from the most holy for you .
one who winks his eyes to plot perversities , one who compresses his lips , is bent on evil .
korah assembled all the congregation against them to the door of the tent of meeting : and the glory of yahweh appeared to all the congregation .
the sea coast will be pastures , with cottages for shepherds and folds for flocks .
joshua the son of nun was full of the spirit of wisdom ; for moses had laid his hands on him : and the children of israel listened to him , and did as yahweh commanded moses .
god has spoken once , twice i have heard this , that power belongs to god .
therefore turn to your god . keep kindness and justice , and wait continually for your god .
for their rock is not as our rock , even our enemies themselves being judges .
judah said to israel , his father , send the boy with me , and we 'll get up and go , so that we may live , and not die , both we , and you , and also our little ones .
they brought horses for solomon out of egypt , and out of all lands .
for david did n't ascend into the heavens , but he says himself , the lord said to my lord , sit by my right hand ,
to timothy , my beloved child : grace , mercy , and peace , from god the father and christ jesus our lord .
now in return , i speak as to my children , you also be open wide .
shall they not teach you , tell you , and utter words out of their heart ?
i heard one speaking to me out of the house ; and a man stood by me .
many waters ca n't quench love , neither can floods drown it . if a man would give all the wealth of his house for love , he would be utterly scorned . friends
one young bull , one ram , one male lamb a year old , for a burnt offering ;
vindicate me , yahweh my god , according to your righteousness ; do n't let them gloat over me .
under their hand was an army , three hundred thousand and seven thousand and five hundred , who made war with mighty power , to help the king against the enemy .
but it happened , when nebuchadnezzar king of babylon came up into the land , that we said , come , and let us go to jerusalem for fear of the army of the chaldeans , and for fear of the army of the syrians ; so we dwell at jerusalem .
i know your works , oppression , and your poverty ( but you are rich ) , and the blasphemy of those who say they are jews , and they are not , but are a synagogue of satan .
cursed be he who does n't confirm the words of this law to do them . all the people shall say , amen .
when the children of ammon saw that they were become odious to david , the children of ammon sent and hired the syrians of beth rehob , and the syrians of zobah , twenty thousand footmen , and the king of maacah with one thousand men , and the men of tob twelve thousand men .
son of man , because tyre has said against jerusalem , aha , she is broken : the gate of the peoples ; she is turned to me ; i shall be replenished , now that she is laid waste :
he offered for his offering : one silver platter , the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels , one silver bowl of seventy shekels , after the shekel of the sanctuary ; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering ;
praise yahweh , jerusalem ! praise your god , zion !
but woe to those who are with child and to those who nurse babies in those days !
like a fluttering sparrow , like a darting swallow , so the undeserved curse does n't come to rest .
he who is truthful testifies honestly , but a false witness lies .
my skin grows black and peels from me . my bones are burned with heat .
for whoever finds me , finds life , and will obtain favor from yahweh .
over the king 's treasures was azmaveth the son of adiel : and over the treasures in the fields , in the cities , and in the villages , and in the towers , was jonathan the son of uzziah :
all the people went to gilgal ; and there they made saul king before yahweh in gilgal ; and there they offered sacrifices of peace offerings before yahweh ; and there saul and all the men of israel rejoiced greatly .
have n't you poured me out like milk , and curdled me like cheese ?
for it was of yahweh to harden their hearts , to come against israel in battle , that he might utterly destroy them , that they might have no favor , but that he might destroy them , as yahweh commanded moses .
but you said , no , for we will flee on horses ; therefore you will flee ; and , we will ride on the swift ; therefore those who pursue you will be swift .
yahweh , your hand is lifted up , yet they do n't see ; but they will see your zeal for the people , and be disappointed . yes , fire will consume your adversaries .
unleavened bread , unleavened cakes mixed with oil , and unleavened wafers anointed with oil : you shall make them of fine wheat flour .
even as jannes and jambres opposed moses , so do these also oppose the truth ; men corrupted in mind , reprobate concerning the faith .
for ships of kittim shall come against him ; therefore he shall be grieved , and shall return , and have indignation against the holy covenant , and shall do his pleasure : he shall even return , and have regard to those who forsake the holy covenant .
but you will go to your fathers in peace . you will be buried in a good old age .
out of the spoil won in battles did they dedicate to repair the house of yahweh .
he called for lights and sprang in , and , fell down trembling before paul and silas ,
the fifth angel sounded , and i saw a star from the sky which had fallen to the earth . the key to the pit of the abyss was given to him .
so david rose up early , he and his men , to depart in the morning , to return into the land of the philistines . the philistines went up to jezreel .
a great sign was seen in heaven : a woman clothed with the sun , and the moon under her feet , and on her head a crown of twelve stars .
that you may eat and drink at my table in my kingdom . you will sit on thrones , judging the twelve tribes of israel .
the earthen vessel , which he who has the discharge touches , shall be broken ; and every vessel of wood shall be rinsed in water .
command you the people , saying , you are to pass through the border of your brothers the children of esau , who dwell in seir ; and they will be afraid of you : take good heed to yourselves therefore ;
for i know my transgressions . my sin is constantly before me .
thus says yahweh , the god of israel , behold , i will turn back the weapons of war that are in your hands , with which you fight against the king of babylon , and against the chaldeans who besiege you , without the walls ; and i will gather them into the midst of this city .
hear my prayer , yahweh ! let my cry come to you .
so pursue them with your tempest , and terrify them with your storm .
he said these things , and after that , he said to them , our friend , lazarus , has fallen asleep , but i am going so that i may awake him out of sleep .
then men shall say , because they forsook the covenant of yahweh , the god of their fathers , which he made with them when he brought them forth out of the land of egypt ,
now therefore do n't hold him guiltless , for you are a wise man ; and you will know what you ought to do to him , and you shall bring his gray head down to sheol with blood .
the sons of gad lived over against them , in the land of bashan to salecah :
but jonathan did n't hear when his father charged the people with the oath : therefore he put forth the end of the rod who was in his hand , and dipped it in the honeycomb , and put his hand to his mouth ; and his eyes were enlightened .
if then god gave to them the same gift as us , when we believed in the lord jesus christ , who was i , that i could withstand god ?
you were dead through your trespasses and the uncircumcision of your flesh . he made you alive together with him , having forgiven us all our trespasses ,
you shall fall by the sword ; i will judge you in the border of israel ; and you shall know that i am yahweh .
love is patient and is kind ; love does n't envy . love does n't brag , is not proud ,
you shall teach them the statutes and the laws , and shall show them the way in which they must walk , and the work that they must do .
when the mourning was past , david sent and took her home to his house , and she became his wife , and bore him a son . but the thing that david had done displeased yahweh .
the messenger said to david , the men prevailed against us , and came out to us into the field , and we were on them even to the entrance of the gate .
for the earth bears fruit : first the blade , then the ear , then the full grain in the ear .
they were willing therefore to receive him into the boat . immediately the boat was at the land where they were going .
but i tell you that elijah has come , and they have also done to him whatever they wanted to , even as it is written about him .
hushai said moreover , you know your father and his men , that they are mighty men , and they are fierce in their minds , as a bear robbed of her cubs in the field ; and your father is a man of war , and will not lodge with the people .
your father made our yoke grievous : now therefore make you the grievous service of your father , and his heavy yoke which he put on us , lighter , and we will serve you .
neither with you only do i make this covenant and this oath ,
but he answered them , when it is evening , you say , it will be fair weather , for the sky is red . '
thus were the travels of the children of israel according to their armies ; and they set forward .
do n't neglect the gift that is in you , which was given to you by prophecy , with the laying on of the hands of the elders .
in time of security shall he come even on the fattest places of the province ; and he shall do that which his fathers have not done , nor his fathers ' fathers ; he shall scatter among them prey , and spoil , and substance : yes , he shall devise his devices against the strongholds , even for a time .
moses answered them , wait , that i may hear what yahweh will command concerning you .
jeroboam said to his wife , please get up and disguise yourself , that you not be known to be the wife of jeroboam ; and get you to shiloh : behold , there is ahijah the prophet , who spoke concerning me that i should be king over this people .
and desiring to be fed with the crumbs that fell from the rich man 's table . yes , even the dogs came and licked his sores .
azariah the chief priest , of the house of zadok , answered him and said , since the people began to bring the offerings into the house of yahweh , we have eaten and had enough , and have left plenty : for yahweh has blessed his people ; and that which is left is this great store .
that i may give wealth to those who love me . i fill their treasuries .
how then would the scriptures be fulfilled that it must be so ?
they are all plain to him who understands , right to those who find knowledge .
now therefore , if it seem good to the king , let there be search made in the king 's treasure house , which is there at babylon , whether it be so , that a decree was made of cyrus the king to build this house of god at jerusalem ; and let the king send his pleasure to us concerning this matter .
if we say that we have no sin , we deceive ourselves , and the truth is not in us .
the sun will not harm you by day , nor the moon by night .
the mountains quake before him , and the hills melt away . the earth trembles at his presence , yes , the world , and all who dwell in it .
why should you be beaten more , that you revolt more and more ? the whole head is sick , and the whole heart faint .
you shall eat , but not be satisfied . your humiliation will be in your midst . you will store up , but not save ; and that which you save i will give up to the sword .
yahweh has commanded concerning you : no more descendants will bear your name . out of the house of your gods , will i cut off the engraved image and the molten image . i will make your grave , for you are vile .
he brought in the priests and the levites , and gathered them together into the broad place on the east ,
as yahweh commanded moses , so he numbered them in the wilderness of sinai .
let the stars of the twilight of it be dark . let it look for light , but have none , neither let it see the eyelids of the morning ,
it shall happen in the latter days , that the mountain of yahweh 's house shall be established on the top of the mountains , and shall be raised above the hills ; and all nations shall flow to it .
let every wise - hearted man among you come , and make all that yahweh has commanded :
do you open your eyes on such a one , and bring me into judgment with you ?
and you shall keep it until the fourteenth day of the same month ; and the whole assembly of the congregation of israel shall kill it at evening .
yahweh saw that leah was hated , and he opened her womb , but rachel was barren .
if you walk contrary to me , and wo n't listen to me , then i will bring seven times more plagues on you according to your sins .
we 'll find all valuable wealth . we 'll fill our houses with spoil .
and because you are children , god sent out the spirit of his son into your hearts , crying , abba , father !
a wild donkey used to the wilderness , that snuffs up the wind in her desire ; in her occasion who can turn her away ? all those who seek her will not weary themselves ; in her month they shall find her .
it was told him by some saying , your mother and your brothers stand outside , desiring to see you .
the king 's favor is toward a servant who deals wisely , but his wrath is toward one who causes shame .
the father of circumcision to those who not only are of the circumcision , but who also walk in the steps of that faith of our father abraham , which he had in uncircumcision .
his servants conspired against him , and put him to death in his own house .
my enemies reproach me all day . those who are mad at me use my name as a curse .
because of your indignation and your wrath , for you have taken me up , and thrown me away .
only you shall not eat the blood ; you shall pour it out on the earth as water .
believe me that i am in the father , and the father in me ; or else believe me for the very works ' sake .
he who sent me is with me . the father has n't left me alone , for i always do the things that are pleasing to him .
observe that which i command you this day . behold , i drive out before you the amorite , the canaanite , the hittite , the perizzite , the hivite , and the jebusite .
he who loves father or mother more than me is not worthy of me ; and he who loves son or daughter more than me is n't worthy of me .
let us make , please , a little chamber on the wall ; and let us set for him there a bed , and a table , and a seat , and a lamp stand : and it shall be , when he comes to us , that he shall turn in there .
the sons of the prophets who were at bethel came forth to elisha , and said to him , do you know that yahweh will take away your master from your head today ? he said , yes , i know it ; hold your peace .
it is better that you should not vow , than that you should vow and not pay .
then answered david and said to ahimelech the hittite , and to abishai the son of zeruiah , brother to joab , saying , who will go down with me to saul to the camp ? abishai said , i will go down with you .
but i worked for my name 's sake , that it should not be profaned in the sight of the nations , in whose sight i brought them out .
will you show partiality to him ? will you contend for god ?
do n't be deceived , my beloved brothers .
for the mind of the flesh is death , but the mind of the spirit is life and peace ;
on that day yahweh magnified joshua in the sight of all israel ; and they feared him , as they feared moses , all the days of his life .
slanderous men have been in you to shed blood ; and in you they have eaten on the mountains : in the midst of you they have committed lewdness .
when they were by jebus , the day was far spent ; and the servant said to his master , please come and let us turn aside into this city of the jebusites , and lodge in it .
in the fullness of his sufficiency , distress shall overtake him : the hand of everyone who is in misery shall come on him .
from there he went against the inhabitants of debir . ( now the name of debir before was kiriath sepher . )
he said to me , write , blessed are those who are invited to the marriage supper of the lamb . ' he said to me , these are true words of god .
this we will do to them , and let them live ; lest wrath be on us , because of the oath which we swore to them .
he went and joined himself to one of the citizens of that country , and he sent him into his fields to feed pigs .
others , mocking , said , they are filled with new wine .
i said to her , you shall stay with me many days . you shall not play the prostitute , and you shall not be with any other man . i will also be so toward you .
therefore he was obligated in all things to be made like his brothers , that he might become a merciful and faithful high priest in things pertaining to god , to make atonement for the sins of the people .
none of them can by any means redeem his brother , nor give god a ransom for him .
when it was day , he called his disciples , and from them he chose twelve , whom he also named apostles :
while they see for you false visions , while they divine lies to you , to lay you on the necks of the wicked who are deadly wounded , whose day is come in the time of the iniquity of the end .
with absalom went two hundred men out of jerusalem , who were invited , and went in their simplicity ; and they did n't know anything .
however he does n't mean so , neither does his heart think so ; but it is in his heart to destroy , and to cut off not a few nations .
house and riches are an inheritance from fathers , but a prudent wife is from yahweh .
now , israel , what does yahweh your god require of you , but to fear yahweh your god , to walk in all his ways , and to love him , and to serve yahweh your god with all your heart and with all your soul ,
if he brings a lamb as his offering for a sin offering , he shall bring a female without blemish .
he said , i have observed all these things from my youth up .
in the latter time of their kingdom , when the transgressors are come to the full , a king of fierce face , and understanding dark sentences , shall stand up .
they came to jerusalem with psalteries and harps and trumpets to the house of yahweh .
but now , brothers , if i come to you speaking with other languages , what would i profit you , unless i speak to you either by way of revelation , or of knowledge , or of prophesying , or of teaching ?
would your wealth sustain you in distress , or all the might of your strength ?
all the people who were in the city were called together to pursue after them : and they pursued after joshua , and were drawn away from the city .
jacob traveled to succoth , built himself a house , and made shelters for his livestock . therefore the name of the place is called succoth .
and said to them , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , to whom you sent me to present your supplication before him :
they said one to another , we are certainly guilty concerning our brother , in that we saw the distress of his soul , when he begged us , and we would n't listen . therefore this distress has come upon us .
when the jubilee of the children of israel shall be , then will their inheritance be added to the inheritance of the tribe whereunto they shall belong : so will their inheritance be taken away from the inheritance of the tribe of our fathers .
all the cities which you shall give to the levites shall be forty - eight cities ; them shall you give with their suburbs .
then came the word of yahweh to jeremiah , saying ,
neither is it beyond the sea , that you should say , who shall go over the sea for us , and bring it to us , and make us to hear it , that we may do it ?
he who observes the day , observes it to the lord ; and he who does not observe the day , to the lord he does not observe it . he who eats , eats to the lord , for he gives god thanks . he who does n't eat , to the lord he does n't eat , and gives god thanks .
if someone ventures to talk with you , will you be grieved ? but who can withhold himself from speaking ?
and the body of jezebel shall be as dung on the face of the field in the portion of jezreel , so that they shall not say , this is jezebel .
but the man who touches them must be armed with iron and the staff of a spear : they shall be utterly burned with fire in their place
my son , let them not depart from your eyes . keep sound wisdom and discretion :
for he does not afflict willingly , nor grieve the children of men .
to me , the very least of all saints , was this grace given , to preach to the gentiles the unsearchable riches of christ ,
accept , i beg you , the willing offerings of my mouth . yahweh , teach me your ordinances .
i make a decree , that in all the dominion of my kingdom men tremble and fear before the god of daniel ; for he is the living god , and steadfast forever , his kingdom that which shall not be destroyed ; and his dominion shall be even to the end .
when she had brought them near to him to eat , he took hold of her , and said to her , come , lie with me , my sister .
when he has made her drink the water , then it shall happen , if she is defiled , and has committed a trespass against her husband , that the water that causes the curse will enter into her and become bitter , and her body will swell , and her thigh will fall away : and the woman will be a curse among her people .
now there were with us seven brothers . the first married and died , and having no seed left his wife to his brother .
at the return of the year king nebuchadnezzar sent , and brought him to babylon , with the goodly vessels of the house of yahweh , and made zedekiah his brother king over judah and jerusalem .
the anger of yahweh shall not return , until he has executed , and until he have performed the intents of his heart : in the latter days you shall understand it perfectly .
most assuredly i tell you , whatever things you will bind on earth will be have been bound in heaven , and whatever things you will release on earth will have been released in heaven .
let the house of aaron now say that his loving kindness endures forever .
moses said to the judges of israel , kill you everyone his men who have joined themselves to baal peor .
he has put in his heart that he may teach , both he , and oholiab , the son of ahisamach , of the tribe of dan .
because of this , he must offer sacrifices for sins for the people , as well as for himself .
why did the knees receive me ? or why the breast , that i should suck ?
yes , while i was speaking in prayer , the man gabriel , whom i had seen in the vision at the beginning , being caused to fly swiftly , touched me about the time of the evening offering .
let brotherly love continue .
they shall no more sacrifice their sacrifices to the goat idols , after which they play the prostitute . this shall be a statute forever to them throughout their generations . '
who can bring a clean thing out of an unclean ? not one .
sorrowing most of all because of the word which he had spoken , that they should see his face no more . and they accompanied him to the ship .
his division , and those who were numbered of them , were seventy - four thousand six hundred .
he said to me , son of man , see you what they do ? even the great abominations that the house of israel do commit here , that i should go far off from my sanctuary ? but you shall again see yet other great abominations .
since the world began it has never been heard of that anyone opened the eyes of someone born blind .
moses said , consecrate yourselves today to yahweh , yes , every man against his son , and against his brother ; that he may bestow on you a blessing this day .
the watchman said , the morning comes , and also the night . if you will inquire , inquire . come back again .
the sun to rule by day ; for his loving kindness endures forever ;
in that day , says yahweh , there will be the noise of a cry from the fish gate , a wailing from the second quarter , and a great crashing from the hills .
i will open rivers on the bare heights , and springs in the midst of the valleys . i will make the wilderness a pool of water , and the dry land springs of water .
i will remember yah 's deeds ; for i will remember your wonders of old .
now therefore know and consider what you will do ; for evil is determined against our master , and against all his house : for he is such a worthless fellow that one ca n't speak to him .
so jehu the son of jehoshaphat the son of nimshi conspired against joram . ( now joram was keeping ramoth gilead , he and all israel , because of hazael king of syria ;
for the ways of man are before the eyes of yahweh . he examines all his paths .
nevertheless they did n't depart from the sins of the house of jeroboam , with which he made israel to sin , but walked therein : and there remained the asherah also in samaria . )
then came jeremiah from topheth , where yahweh had sent him to prophesy ; and he stood in the court of yahweh 's house , and said to all the people :
the children of benjamin did so , and took them wives , according to their number , of those who danced , whom they carried off : and they went and returned to their inheritance , and built the cities , and lived in them .
on the fourth day ten bulls , two rams , fourteen male lambs a year old without blemish ;
he said to them , lodge here this night , and i will bring you word again , as yahweh shall speak to me : and the princes of moab abode with balaam .
you shall not oppress a hired servant who is poor and needy , whether he be of your brothers , or of your foreigners who are in your land within your gates :
but he , turning around , and seeing his disciples , rebuked peter , and said , get behind me , satan ! for you have in mind not the things of god , but the things of men .
but we ourselves will be ready armed to go before the children of israel , until we have brought them to their place : and our little ones shall dwell in the fortified cities because of the inhabitants of the land .
judah said to his brothers , what profit is it if we kill our brother and conceal his blood ?
the jordan was the border of it on the east quarter . this was the inheritance of the children of benjamin , by the borders of it round about , according to their families .
for thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel : houses and fields and vineyards shall yet again be bought in this land .
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old , everyone who entered in to do the work of service , and the work of bearing burdens in the tent of meeting ,
by this was god 's love revealed in us , that god has sent his one and only son into the world that we might live through him .
and with you will i break in pieces the horse and his rider ;
he shall burn the garment , whether the warp or the woof , in wool or in linen , or anything of skin , in which the plague is : for it is a destructive mildew . it shall be burned in the fire .
and the cloth that had been on his head , not lying with the linen cloths , but rolled up in a place by itself .
but when he saw many of the pharisees and sadducees coming for his baptism , he said to them , you offspring of vipers , who warned you to flee from the wrath to come ?
he said to the disciples , the days will come , when you will desire to see one of the days of the son of man , and you will not see it .
it was a sabbath when jesus made the mud and opened his eyes .
yahweh , you have seen my wrong ; judge you my cause .
if a man lies with his uncle 's wife , he has uncovered his uncle 's nakedness : they shall bear their sin ; they shall die childless .
they grieved isaac 's and rebekah 's spirits .
now therefore , my lord , as yahweh lives , and as your soul lives , seeing yahweh has withheld you from blood guiltiness , and from avenging yourself with your own hand , now therefore let your enemies , and those who seek evil to my lord , be as nabal .
for you are the god of my strength . why have you rejected me ? why do i go mourning because of the oppression of the enemy ?
now the rest of the acts of ahab , and all that he did , and the ivory house which he built , and all the cities that he built , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of israel ?
they brought him to him , and when he saw him , immediately the spirit convulsed him , and he fell on the ground , wallowing and foaming at the mouth .
truth springs out of the earth . righteousness has looked down from heaven .
he sent among them swarms of flies , which devoured them ; and frogs , which destroyed them .
now there were four leprous men at the entrance of the gate : and they said one to another , why sit we here until we die ?
he said , come ! peter stepped down from the boat , and walked on the waters to come to jesus .
now he who made us for this very thing is god , who also gave to us the down payment of the spirit .
do n't give your strength to women , nor your ways to that which destroys kings .
see , yahweh ; for i am in distress ; my heart is troubled ; my heart is turned within me ; for i have grievously rebelled : abroad the sword bereaves , at home there is as death .
i will praise you , lord my god , with my whole heart . i will glorify your name forevermore .
the burden of babylon , which isaiah the son of amoz saw :
lest i strip her naked , and make her bare as in the day that she was born , and make her like a wilderness , and set her like a dry land , and kill her with thirst .
but he denied it before them all , saying , i do n't know what you are talking about .
foreigners will dwell in ashdod , and i will cut off the pride of the philistines .
the first went , and poured out his bowl into the earth , and it became a harmful and evil sore on the people who had the mark of the beast , and who worshiped his image .
he teaches my hands to war ; so that my arms bend a bow of bronze .
he shall bring the bull to the door of the tent of meeting before yahweh ; and he shall lay his hand on the head of the bull , and kill the bull before yahweh .
let me sing for my well beloved a song of my beloved about his vineyard . my beloved had a vineyard on a very fruitful hill .
and out of the city he took an officer who was set over the men of war ; and seven men of those who saw the king 's face , who were found in the city ; and the scribe of the captain of the army , who mustered the people of the land ; and sixty men of the people of the land , who were found in the midst of the city .
and will make an offering by fire to yahweh , a burnt offering , or a sacrifice , to accomplish a vow , or as a freewill offering , or in your set feasts , to make a sweet savor to yahweh , of the herd , or of the flock ;
in the same day both abraham and ishmael , his son , were circumcised .
now david went back and forth from saul to feed his father 's sheep at bethlehem .
now therefore , if you will indeed obey my voice , and keep my covenant , then you shall be my own possession from among all peoples ; for all the earth is mine ;
neither have we obeyed the voice of yahweh our god , to walk in his laws , which he set before us by his servants the prophets .
may the high praises of god be in their mouths , and a two - edged sword in their hand ;
saying , do n't touch my anointed ones , do my prophets no harm .
an honest answer is like a kiss on the lips .
great is yahweh , and greatly to be praised , in the city of our god , in his holy mountain .
there was a great famine in samaria : and behold , they besieged it , until a donkey 's head was sold for eighty pieces of silver , and the fourth part of a kab of dove 's dung for five pieces of silver .
so i will sing praise to your name forever , that i may fulfill my vows daily .
it will happen in that day , that living waters will go out from jerusalem ; half of them toward the eastern sea , and half of them toward the western sea ; in summer and in winter will it be .
if they be married to any of the sons of the other tribes of the children of israel , then will their inheritance be taken away from the inheritance of our fathers , and will be added to the inheritance of the tribe whereunto they shall belong : so will it be taken away from the lot of our inheritance .
a foolish son is the calamity of his father . a wife 's quarrels are a continual dripping .
there went out a champion out of the camp of the philistines , named goliath , of gath , whose height was six cubits and a span .
then i returned and saw all the oppressions that are done under the sun : and behold , the tears of those who were oppressed , and they had no comforter ; and on the side of their oppressors there was power ; but they had no comforter .
now it happened on the third day , that esther put on her royal clothing , and stood in the inner court of the king 's house , over against the king 's house : and the king sat on his royal throne in the royal house , over against the entrance of the house .
he took agag the king of the amalekites alive , and utterly destroyed all the people with the edge of the sword .
they baked unleavened cakes of the dough which they brought forth out of egypt ; for it was n't leavened , because they were thrust out of egypt , and could n't wait , neither had they prepared for themselves any food .
so david prevailed over the philistine with a sling and with a stone , and struck the philistine , and killed him ; but there was no sword in the hand of david .
therefore i tell you , all things whatever you pray and ask for , believe that you have received them , and you shall have them .
you shall sell me food for money , that i may eat ; and give me water for money , that i may drink : only let me pass through on my feet ,
and jehoiakim the king sent men into egypt , namely , elnathan the son of achbor , and certain men with him , into egypt ;
so naomi returned , and ruth the moabitess , her daughter - in - law , with her , who returned out of the country of moab : and they came to bethlehem in the beginning of barley harvest .
having the same conflict which you saw in me , and now hear is in me .
be careful that you do n't do your charitable giving before men , to be seen by them , or else you have no reward from your father who is in heaven .
jacob did so , and fulfilled her week . he gave him rachel his daughter as wife .
lord , i beg you , let now your ear be attentive to the prayer of your servant , and to the prayer of your servants , who delight to fear your name ; and please prosper your servant this day , and grant him mercy in the sight of this man . now i was cup bearer to the king .
on the next day , he was determined to go out into galilee , and he found philip . jesus said to him , follow me .
jehoshaphat slept with his fathers , and was buried with his fathers in the city of david his father ; jehoram his son reigned in his place .
seeing that you seek a proof of christ who speaks in me ; who toward you is not weak , but is powerful in you .
abimelech fought against the city all that day ; and he took the city , and killed the people who were therein : and he beat down the city , and sowed it with salt .
it shall be on aaron 's forehead , and aaron shall bear the iniquity of the holy things , which the children of israel shall make holy in all their holy gifts ; and it shall be always on his forehead , that they may be accepted before yahweh .
and all their wealth . they took captive all their little ones and their wives , and took as plunder everything that was in the house .
i tell you that he will avenge them quickly . nevertheless , when the son of man comes , will he find faith on the earth ?
in their streets , they dress themselves in sackcloth . in their streets and on their housetops , everyone wails , weeping abundantly .
he works to the north , but i ca n't see him ; he turns south , but i ca n't catch a glimpse of him .
therefore the fathers shall eat the sons in the midst of you , and the sons shall eat their fathers ; and i will execute judgments on you ; and the whole remnant of you will i scatter to all the winds .
for whoever will be ashamed of me and of my words , of him will the son of man be ashamed , when he comes in his glory , and the glory of the father , and of the holy angels .
blessed is the nation whose god is yahweh , the people whom he has chosen for his own inheritance .
they cut their provender in the field . they glean the vineyard of the wicked .
but concerning the resurrection of the dead , have n't you read that which was spoken to you by god , saying ,
therefore they will carry away the abundance they have gotten , and that which they have stored up , over the brook of the willows .
that which the rest of the people gave was twenty thousand darics of gold , and two thousand minas of silver , and sixty - seven priests ' garments .
and we will take ten men of one hundred throughout all the tribes of israel , and one hundred of one thousand , and a thousand out of ten thousand , to get food for the people , that they may do , when they come to gibeah of benjamin , according to all the folly that they have worked in israel .
likewise when all the jews who were in moab , and among the children of ammon , and in edom , and who were in all the countries , heard that the king of babylon had left a remnant of judah , and that he had set over them gedaliah the son of ahikam , the son of shaphan ;
again , assuredly i tell you , that if two of you will agree on earth concerning anything that they will ask , it will be done for them by my father who is in heaven .
it happened in the month nisan , in the twentieth year of artaxerxes the king , when wine was before him , that i took up the wine , and gave it to the king . now i had not been before sad in his presence .
a perverse heart will be far from me . i will have nothing to do with evil .
you shall not uncover the nakedness of your father 's sister : she is your father 's near kinswoman .
he will say , cast up , cast up , prepare the way , take up the stumbling - block out of the way of my people .
he took food and was strengthened . saul stayed several days with the disciples who were at damascus .
but absalom pressed him , and he let amnon and all the king 's sons go with him .
then went abimelech to thebez , and encamped against thebez , and took it .
the skillfully woven band that was on it , with which to fasten it on , was of the same piece , like its work ; of gold , of blue , purple , scarlet , and fine twined linen ; as yahweh commanded moses .
all the saints greet you .
if it seem evil to you to serve yahweh , choose you this day whom you will serve ; whether the gods which your fathers served that were beyond the river , or the gods of the amorites , in whose land you dwell : but as for me and my house , we will serve yahweh .
a certain man saw it , and told joab , and said , behold , i saw absalom hanging in an oak .
for i speak to you who are gentiles . since then as i am an apostle to gentiles , i glorify my ministry ;
now at that time the king of babylon 's army was besieging jerusalem ; and jeremiah the prophet was shut up in the court of the guard , which was in the king of judah 's house .
for a multitude of the people , even many of ephraim and manasseh , issachar and zebulun , had not cleansed themselves , yet did they eat the passover otherwise than it is written . for hezekiah had prayed for them , saying , the good yahweh pardon everyone
like as a woman with child , who draws near the time of her delivery , is in pain and cries out in her pangs ; so we have been before you , yahweh .
for the son of man will come in the glory of his father with his angels , and then he will render to everyone according to his deeds .
abimelech chased him , and he fled before him , and there fell many wounded , even to the entrance of the gate .
when they were by the house of micah , they knew the voice of the young man the levite ; and they turned aside there , and said to him , who brought you here ? and what do you in this place ? and what have you here ?
then said david , will the men of keilah deliver up to me and my men into the hand of saul ? yahweh said , they will deliver you up .
jethro rejoiced for all the goodness which yahweh had done to israel , in that he had delivered them out of the hand of the egyptians .
therefore will i give their wives to others , and their fields to those who shall possess them : for everyone from the least even to the greatest is given to covetousness ; from the prophet even to the priest every one deals falsely .
thomas answered him , my lord and my god !
but in his own time revealed his word in the message with which i was entrusted according to the commandment of god our savior ;
then washed i you with water ; yes , i thoroughly washed away your blood from you , and i anointed you with oil .
the sluggard says , there is a lion outside ! i will be killed in the streets !
nebuchadnezzar king of babylon came to the city , while his servants were besieging it ;
in the second year of joash son of joahaz king of israel began amaziah the son of joash king of judah to reign .
they have made it a desolation ; it mourns to me , being desolate ; the whole land is made desolate , because no man lays it to heart .
the finely worked garmentsthe holy garments for aaron the priestthe garments of his sons to minister in the priest 's office ,
it happened , when they had eaten up the grain which they had brought out of egypt , their father said to them , go again , buy us a little more food .
behold , as your life was much set by this day in my eyes , so let my life be much set by in the eyes of yahweh , and let him deliver me out of all oppression .
see now that i , even i , am he , there is no god with me : i kill , and i make alive ; i wound , and i heal ; there is none who can deliver out of my hand .
but even in those days , says yahweh , i will not make a full end with you .
listen , islands , to me ; and listen , you peoples , from far : yahweh has called me from the womb ; from the bowels of my mother has he made mention of my name :
therefore i began to cause my heart to despair concerning all the labor in which i had labored under the sun .
in the thirty - eighth year of asa king of judah began ahab the son of omri to reign over israel : and ahab the son of omri reigned over israel in samaria twenty - two years .
through you , will we push down our adversaries . through your name , will we tread them under who rise up against us .
then that which was spoken through jeremiah the prophet was fulfilled , saying , they took the thirty pieces of silver , the price of him upon whom a price had been set , whom some of the children of israel priced ,
edom shall become an astonishment : everyone who passes by it shall be astonished , and shall hiss at all the plagues of it .
but thanks be to god , that , whereas you were bondservants of sin , you became obedient from the heart to that form of teaching whereunto you were delivered .
six years you shall sow your field , and six years you shall prune your vineyard , and gather in its fruits ;
it happened , while they were greatly perplexed about this , behold , two men stood by them in dazzling clothing .
he sent hadoram his son to king david , to greet him , and to bless him , because he had fought against hadarezer and struck him ; ( for hadarezer had wars with tou ;) and he had with him all manner of vessels of gold and silver and brass .
we said to my lord , the boy ca n't leave his father : for if he should leave his father , his father would die . '
do n't incline my heart to any evil thing , to practice deeds of wickedness with men who work iniquity . do n't let me eat of their delicacies .
bear one another 's burdens , and so fulfill the law of christ .
tell wisdom , you are my sister . call understanding your relative ,
simon peter went up , and drew the net to land , full of great fish , one hundred fifty - three ; and even though there were so many , the net was n't torn .
your silver and your gold is mine ; your wives also and your children , even the best , are mine .
for none of us lives to himself , and none dies to himself .
even those did cyrus king of persia bring forth by the hand of mithredath the treasurer , and numbered them to sheshbazzar , the prince of judah .
and you shall break down their altars , and dash in pieces their pillars , and burn their asherim with fire ; and you shall cut down the engraved images of their gods ; and you shall destroy their name out of that place .
and there were six steps to the throne , with a footstool of gold , which were fastened to the throne , and stays on either side by the place of the seat , and two lions standing beside the stays .
has he struck them as he struck those who struck them ? or are they killed like those who killed them were killed ?
but you , god , will bring them down into the pit of destruction . bloodthirsty and deceitful men shall not live out half their days , but i will trust in you .
nob , the city of the priests , struck he with the edge of the sword , both men and women , children and nursing babies , and oxen and donkeys and sheep , with the edge of the sword .
you say also , behold , what a weariness it is ! ' and you have sniffed at it , says yahweh of armies ; and you have brought that which was taken by violence , the lame , and the sick ; thus you bring the offering . should i accept this at your hand ? says yahweh .
then said jeremiah to them , thus shall you tell zedekiah :
he chooses our inheritance for us , the glory of jacob whom he loved . selah .
having been reminded of the unfeigned faith that is in you ; which lived first in your grandmother lois , and your mother eunice , and , i am persuaded , in you also .
you shall tell them , this is the nation that has not listened to the voice of yahweh their god , nor received instruction : truth is perished , and is cut off from their mouth .
wisdom rests in the heart of one who has understanding , and is even made known in the inward part of fools .
and he shall lay his hand on its head , and kill it before the tent of meeting ; and the sons of aaron shall sprinkle its blood on the altar round about .
the second took her as wife , and he died childless .
hide me from the conspiracy of the wicked , from the noisy crowd of the ones doing evil ;
who gave him a charge over the earth ? or who has appointed him over the whole world ?
they shall live , and to him shall be given of the gold of sheba . men shall pray for him continually . they shall bless him all day long .
who is this king of glory ? yahweh of armies , he is the king of glory . selah .
you have despised my holy things , and have profaned my sabbaths .
now you say , go , tell your lord , behold , elijah is here ; and he will kill me .
immediately he took soldiers and centurions , and ran down to them . they , when they saw the chief captain and the soldiers , stopped beating paul .
the poles shall be in the rings of the ark . they shall not be taken from it .
i will surely hide my face in that day for all the evil which they shall have worked , in that they are turned to other gods .
on an appointed day , herod dressed himself in royal clothing , sat on the throne , and gave a speech to them .
ezra the priest brought the law before the assembly , both men and women , and all who could hear with understanding , on the first day of the seventh month .
but when moses went in before yahweh to speak with him , he took the veil off , until he came out ; and he came out , and spoke to the children of israel that which he was commanded .
for your servants take pleasure in her stones , and have pity on her dust .
a fool shows his annoyance the same day , but one who overlooks an insult is prudent .
my soul has observed your testimonies . i love them exceedingly .
you returned and wept before yahweh ; but yahweh did n't listen to your voice , nor gave ear to you .
how much more will the blood of christ , who through the eternal spirit offered himself without blemish to god , cleanse your conscience from dead works to serve the living god ?
when they had mocked him , they took the robe off of him , and put his clothes on him , and led him away to crucify him .
behold , a king shall reign in righteousness , and princes shall rule in justice .
i turned to see the voice that spoke with me . having turned , i saw seven golden lampstands .
because they have forsaken me , and have burned incense to other gods , that they might provoke me to anger with all the works of their hands ; therefore is my wrath poured out on this place , and it shall not be quenched .
for he will deliver you from the snare of the fowler , and from the deadly pestilence .
nevertheless leave the stump of its roots in the earth , even with a band of iron and brass , in the tender grass of the field ; and let it be wet with the dew of the sky : and let his portion be with the animals in the grass of the earth :
in beatings , in imprisonments , in riots , in labors , in watchings , in fastings ;
as babylon has caused the slain of israel to fall , so at babylon shall fall the slain of all the land .
rehoboam went to shechem : for all israel were come to shechem to make him king .
wo n't the uncircumcision which is by nature , if it fulfills the law , judge you , who with the letter and circumcision are a transgressor of the law ?
isaiah said these things when he saw his glory , and spoke of him .
he brought them to the border of his sanctuary , to this mountain , which his right hand had taken .
he made the boards for the tent : twenty boards for the south side southward .
those who devise mischief in their hearts . they continually gather themselves together for war .
for the king 's word is supreme . who can say to him , what are you doing ?
the disciples told him , rabbi , the jews were just trying to stone you , and are you going there again ?
your adversaries have roared in the midst of your assembly . they have set up their standards as signs .
on this i awakened , and saw ; and my sleep was sweet to me .
like cold water to a thirsty soul , so is good news from a far country .
we know that god does n't listen to sinners , but if anyone is a worshipper of god , and does his will , he listens to him .
yet was she carried away . she went into captivity . her young children also were dashed in pieces at the head of all the streets , and they cast lots for her honorable men , and all her great men were bound in chains .
the taskmasters of the people went out , and their officers , and they spoke to the people , saying , this is what pharaoh says : i will not give you straw .
after him ibzan of bethlehem judged israel .
yahweh sent an angel , who cut off all the mighty men of valor , and the leaders and captains , in the camp of the king of assyria . so he returned with shame of face to his own land . when he was come into the house of his god , those who came forth from his own bowels killed him there with the sword .
as for me , in the first year of darius the mede , i stood up to confirm and strengthen him .
he shall dwell in that city , until he stand before the congregation for judgment , until the death of the high priest that shall be in those days : then shall the manslayer return , and come to his own city , and to his own house , to the city from whence he fled .
you shall not add to the word which i command you , neither shall you diminish from it , that you may keep the commandments of yahweh your god which i command you .
i will bless her , and moreover i will give you a son by her . yes , i will bless her , and she will be a mother of nations . kings of peoples will come from her .
even the dust from your city that clings to us , we wipe off against you . nevertheless know this , that the kingdom of god has come near to you . '
you shall see it , and your heart shall rejoice , and your bones shall flourish like the tender grass : and the hand of yahweh shall be known toward his servants ; and he will have indignation against his enemies .
moreover i will make you a desolation and a reproach among the nations that are round about you , in the sight of all that pass by .
one golden ladle of ten shekels , full of incense ;
however the high places were not taken away ; the people still sacrificed and burnt incense in the high places .
therefore thus says yahweh , who redeemed abraham , concerning the house of jacob : jacob shall no longer be ashamed , neither shall his face grow pale .
i speak by way of disparagement , as though we had been weak . yet however any is bold ( i speak in foolishness ) , i am bold also .
samuel took a sucking lamb , and offered it for a whole burnt offering to yahweh : and samuel cried to yahweh for israel ; and yahweh answered him .
of gold by weight for the vessels of gold , for all vessels of every kind of service ; of silver for all the vessels of silver by weight , for all vessels of every kind of service ;
i will betroth you to me forever . yes , i will betroth you to me in righteousness , in justice , in loving kindness , and in compassion .
ephraim surrounds me with falsehood , and the house of israel with deceit . judah still strays from god , and is unfaithful to the holy one .
therefore her young men shall fall in her streets , and all the men of war shall be brought to silence in that day , says yahweh of armies .
for we know that the whole creation groans and travails in pain together until now .
have mercy on me , yahweh , for i am faint . yahweh , heal me , for my bones are troubled .
if gilead is wicked , surely they are worthless . in gilgal they sacrifice bulls . indeed , their altars are like heaps in the furrows of the field .
but peter said to him , may your silver perish with you , because you thought you could obtain the gift of god with money !
now it was in the heart of david my father to build a house for the name of yahweh , the god of israel .
draw water for the siege . strengthen your fortresses . go into the clay , and tread the mortar . make the brick kiln strong .
they called to lot , and said to him , where are the men who came in to you this night ? bring them out to us , that we may have sex with them .
they asked him , tell us : by what authority do you do these things ? or who is giving you this authority ?
i am still confident of this : i will see the goodness of yahweh in the land of the living .
this thing became a sin ; for the people went to worship before the one , even to dan .
the doors of the side chambers were toward the place that was left , one door toward the north , and another door toward the south : and the breadth of the place that was left was five cubits round about .
the king of assyria carried israel away to assyria , and put them in halah , and on the habor , the river of gozan , and in the cities of the medes ,
i thank my god whenever i remember you ,
i have put my words in your mouth , and have covered you in the shadow of my hand , that i may plant the heavens , and lay the foundations of the earth , and tell zion , you are my people .
but to wear sandals , and not put on two tunics .
he took it into his hands , and went on , eating as he went ; and he came to his father and mother , and gave to them , and they ate : but he did n't tell them that he had taken the honey out of the body of the lion .
for you know the grace of our lord jesus christ , that , though he was rich , yet for your sakes he became poor , that you through his poverty might become rich .
as he was going out into the way , one ran to him , knelt before him , and asked him , good teacher , what shall i do that i may inherit eternal life ?
the young man who told him said , as i happened by chance on mount gilboa , behold , saul was leaning on his spear ; and behold , the chariots and the horsemen followed hard after him .
drought and heat consume the snow waters ; so does sheol those who have sinned .
bel bows down , nebo stoops ; their idols are on the animals , and on the livestock : the things that you carried about are made a load , a burden to the weary animal .
joseph said to them , what deed is this that you have done ? do n't you know that such a man as i can indeed divine ?
take the choice of the flock , and also a pile of wood for the bones under the caldron ; make it boil well ; yes , let the bones of it be boiled in the midst of it .
to the woman he said , i will greatly multiply your pain in childbirth . in pain you will bring forth children . your desire will be for your husband , and he will rule over you .
they shall build houses , and inhabit them ; and they shall plant vineyards , and eat the fruit of them .
he was there with yahweh forty days and forty nights ; he neither ate bread , nor drank water . he wrote on the tablets the words of the covenant , the ten commandments .
the day that you stood before yahweh your god in horeb , when yahweh said to me , assemble me the people , and i will make them hear my words , that they may learn to fear me all the days that they live on the earth , and that they may teach their children .
since it is a righteous thing with god to repay affliction to those who afflict you ,
yet , yahweh , you know all their counsel against me to kill me ; do n't forgive their iniquity , neither blot out their sin from your sight ; but let them be overthrown before you ; deal you with them in the time of your anger .
whose voice shook the earth , then , but now he has promised , saying , yet once more i will shake not only the earth , but also the heavens .
not of works , that no one would boast .
whom will he teach knowledge ? to whom will he explain the message ? those who are weaned from the milk , and drawn from the breasts ?
and resen between nineveh and calah ( the same is the great city ) .
is this thing done by my lord the king , and you have n't shown to your servants who should sit on the throne of my lord the king after him ?
therefore let him who speaks in another language pray that he may interpret .
it happened , as he came near jericho , a certain blind man sat by the road , begging .
thus says yahweh to this people , even so have they loved to wander ; they have not refrained their feet : therefore yahweh does not accept them ; now he will remember their iniquity , and visit their sins .
but when the chief priests and the scribes saw the wonderful things that he did , and the children who were crying in the temple and saying , hosanna to the son of david ! they were indignant ,
sarah , my master 's wife , bore a son to my master when she was old . he has given all that he has to him .
declare his glory among the nations , his marvelous works among all the peoples .
wisdom is before the face of one who has understanding , but the eyes of a fool wander to the ends of the earth .
now it happened in the days of ahasuerus ( this is ahasuerus who reigned from india even to ethiopia , over one hundred twenty - seven provinces ) ,
who confirms the word of his servant , and performs the counsel of his messengers ; who says of jerusalem , she shall be inhabited ; and of the cities of judah , they shall be built , and i will raise up the waste places of it ;
this is the cause why joshua did circumcise : all the people who came forth out of egypt , who were males , even all the men of war , died in the wilderness by the way , after they came forth out of egypt .
now therefore let your hands be strong , and be you valiant ; for saul your lord is dead , and also the house of judah have anointed me king over them .
the mouth of the righteous is a spring of life , but violence covers the mouth of the wicked .
the ones who had been sent were from the pharisees .
for whatever is born of god overcomes the world . this is the victory that has overcome the world : your faith .
the priest of jupiter , whose temple was in front of their city , brought oxen and garlands to the gates , and would have made a sacrifice along with the multitudes .
when his disciples , james and john , saw this , they said , lord , do you want us to command fire to come down from the sky , and destroy them , just as elijah did ?
he shall keep in order the lamps on the pure gold lampstand before yahweh continually .
does he thank that servant because he did the things that were commanded ? i think not .
who was faithful to him who appointed him , as also was moses in all his house .
philip opened his mouth , and beginning from this scripture , preached to him jesus .
you offspring of vipers , how can you , being evil , speak good things ? for out of the abundance of the heart , the mouth speaks .
his splendor is like the sunrise . rays shine from his hand , where his power is hidden .
someone told jacob , and said , behold , your son joseph comes to you , and israel strengthened himself , and sat on the bed .
for i will give you a mouth and wisdom which all your adversaries will not be able to withstand or to contradict .
if your brother , the son of your mother , or your son , or your daughter , or the wife of your bosom , or your friend , who is as your own soul , entice you secretly , saying , let us go and serve other gods , which you have not known , you , nor your fathers ;
when did we see you sick , or in prison , and come to you ? '
when she recognized peter 's voice , she did n't open the gate for joy , but ran in , and reported that peter was standing in front of the gate .
joshua said , hereby you shall know that the living god is among you , and that he will without fail drive out from before you the canaanite , and the hittite , and the hivite , and the perizzite , and the girgashite , and the amorite , and the jebusite .
but on the next day they left the horsemen to go with him , and returned to the barracks .
there shall be no yeast seen with you in all your borders seven days ; neither shall any of the flesh , which you sacrifice the first day at even , remain all night until the morning .
jesus said to him , today , salvation has come to this house , because he also is a son of abraham .
all the kings of the earth sought the presence of solomon , to hear his wisdom , which god had put in his heart .
yet a little while , and the world will see me no more ; but you will see me . because i live , you will live also .
and for the sacrifice of peace offerings , two oxen , five rams , five male goats , and five male lambs a year old . this was the offering of eliab the son of helon .
then they laid their hands on them , and they received the holy spirit .
the seven angels who had the seven trumpets prepared themselves to sound .
moses said to aaron , take your censer , and put fire therein from off the altar , and lay incense thereon , and carry it quickly to the congregation , and make atonement for them : for there is wrath gone out from yahweh ; the plague is begun .
the king said , let him turn to his own house , but let him not see my face . so absalom turned to his own house , and did n't see the king 's face .
but his face fell at that saying , and he went away sorrowful , for he was one who had great possessions .
surely you shall not come into the land , concerning which i swore that i would make you dwell therein , save caleb the son of jephunneh , and joshua the son of nun .
and when we cried to yahweh , he heard our voice , and sent an angel , and brought us forth out of egypt : and behold , we are in kadesh , a city in the uttermost of your border .
but there shall be no more gloom for her who was in anguish . in the former time , he brought into contempt the land of zebulun and the land of naphtali ; but in the latter time he has made it glorious , by the way of the sea , beyond the jordan , galilee of the nations .
for his eyes are on the ways of a man , he sees all his goings .
it happened that the beggar died , and that he was carried away by the angels to abraham 's bosom . the rich man also died , and was buried .
they , when they heard it , were glad , and promised to give him money . he sought how he might conveniently deliver him .
blessed shall you be in the city , and blessed shall you be in the field .
but the queen vashti refused to come at the king 's commandment by the chamberlains : therefore was the king very angry , and his anger burned in him .
so that i come again to my father 's house in peace , and yahweh will be my god ,
every male among the priests shall eat of it : it is most holy .
in this love has been made perfect among us , that we may have boldness in the day of judgment , because as he is , even so are we in this world .
who also made us sufficient as servants of a new covenant ; not of the letter , but of the spirit . for the letter kills , but the spirit gives life .
he shall not honor his father or mother . ' you have made the commandment of god void because of your tradition .
david did as god commanded him : and they struck the army of the philistines from gibeon even to gezer .
we , being jews by nature , and not gentile sinners ,
but if he shall make them null and void after that he has heard them , then he shall bear her iniquity .
according to the foreknowledge of god the father , in sanctification of the spirit , that you may obey jesus christ and be sprinkled in his blood : grace to you and peace be multiplied .
let your father and your mother be glad ! let her who bore you rejoice !
behold , this is the joy of his way : out of the earth shall others spring .
he does n't withdraw his eyes from the righteous , but with kings on the throne , he sets them forever , and they are exalted .
david abode in the wilderness in the strongholds , and remained in the hill country in the wilderness of ziph . saul sought him every day , but god did n't deliver him into his hand .
there were beams in three rows , and window was over against window in three ranks .
appoint for you three men of each tribe : and i will send them , and they shall arise , and walk through the land , and describe it according to their inheritance ; and they shall come to me .
the earth will stagger like a drunken man , and will sway back and forth like a hammock . its disobedience will be heavy on it , and it will fall and not rise again .
therefore seeing we have this ministry , even as we obtained mercy , we do n't faint .
they shall bring all your brothers out of all the nations for an offering to yahweh , on horses , and in chariots , and in litters , and on mules , and on dromedaries , to my holy mountain jerusalem , says yahweh , as the children of israel bring their offering in a clean vessel into the house of yahweh .
when the servant of the man of god was risen early , and gone forth , behold , an army with horses and chariots was round about the city . his servant said to him , alas , my master ! how shall we do ?
jesus said to him , because you have seen me , you have believed . blessed are those who have not seen , and have believed .
all vision has become to you like the words of a book that is sealed , which men deliver to one who is educated , saying , read this , please ; and he says , i ca n't , for it is sealed :
speak also to the children of israel , saying , most assuredly you shall keep my sabbaths : for it is a sign between me and you throughout your generations ; that you may know that i am yahweh who sanctifies you .
then king david sent , and fetched him out of the house of machir the son of ammiel , from lo debar .
unless those days had been shortened , no flesh would have been saved . but for the sake of the chosen ones , those days will be shortened .
also hosah , of the children of merari , had sons : shimri the chief , ( for though he was not the firstborn , yet his father made him chief ) ,
for the kingdom of god is not in word , but in power .
to the beloved apphia , to archippus , our fellow soldier , and to the assembly in your house :
and have cast their gods into the fire ; for they were no gods , but the work of men 's hands , wood and stone ; therefore they have destroyed them .
he made from one blood every nation of men to dwell on all the surface of the earth , having determined appointed seasons , and the boundaries of their dwellings ,
because they have forsaken me , and have burned incense to other gods , that they might provoke me to anger with all the work of their hands , therefore my wrath shall be kindled against this place , and it shall not be quenched .
mordecai told him of all that had happened to him , and the exact sum of the money that haman had promised to pay to the king 's treasuries for the jews , to destroy them .
all the presidents of the kingdom , the deputies and the satraps , the counselors and the governors , have consulted together to establish a royal statute , and to make a strong interdict , that whoever shall ask a petition of any god or man for thirty days , save of you , o king , he shall be cast into the den of lions .
yahweh god said , behold , the man has become like one of us , knowing good and evil . now , lest he put forth his hand , and also take of the tree of life , and eat , and live forever ...
and take double money in your hand , and take back the money that was returned in the mouth of your sacks . perhaps it was an oversight .
furthermore , my son , be admonished : of making many books there is no end ; and much study is a weariness of the flesh .
we inform the king that , if this city be built , and the walls finished , by this means you shall have no portion beyond the river .
but abishai the son of zeruiah helped him , and struck the philistine , and killed him . then the men of david swore to him , saying , you shall go no more out with us to battle , that you do n't quench the lamp of israel .
moab has been at ease from his youth , and he has settled on his lees , and has not been emptied from vessel to vessel , neither has he gone into captivity : therefore his taste remains in him , and his scent is not changed .
immediately all the multitude , when they saw him , were greatly amazed , and running to him greeted him .
all were weeping and mourning her , but he said , do n't weep . she is n't dead , but sleeping .
we are orphans and fatherless ; our mothers are as widows .
yahweh spoke to moses and to aaron , saying ,
gaal the son of ebed said , who is abimelech , and who is shechem , that we should serve him ? is n't he the son of jerubbaal ? and zebul his officer ? serve you the men of hamor the father of shechem : but why should we serve him ?
for herod feared john , knowing that he was a righteous and holy man , and kept him safe . when he heard him , he did many things , and he heard him gladly .
but they insisted , saying , he stirs up the people , teaching throughout all judea , beginning from galilee even to this place .
when evening came , he went out of the city .
she said to the king , it was a true report that i heard in my own land of your acts , and of your wisdom .
the multitude therefore that was with him when he called lazarus out of the tomb , and raised him from the dead , was testifying about it .
it grew great , even to the army of the sky ; and some of the army and of the stars it cast down to the ground , and trampled on them .
with great power , the apostles gave their testimony of the resurrection of the lord jesus . great grace was on them all .
according to the tenor of the law which they shall teach you , and according to the judgment which they shall tell you , you shall do ; you shall not turn aside from the sentence which they shall show you , to the right hand , nor to the left .
then you will understand righteousness and justice , equity and every good path .
the nations were angry , and your wrath came , as did the time for the dead to be judged , and to give your bondservants the prophets , their reward , as well as to the saints , and those who fear your name , to the small and the great ; and to destroy those who destroy the earth .
and ramoth with its suburbs , and anem with its suburbs ;
when he had come into the house , the blind men came to him . jesus said to them , do you believe that i am able to do this ? they told him , yes , lord .
but it happened that when sanballat heard that we were building the wall , he was angry , and took great indignation , and mocked the jews .
samson said to them , if you do after this manner , surely i will be avenged of you , and after that i will cease .
tax collectors also came to be baptized , and they said to him , teacher , what must we do ?
there assembled at jerusalem much people to keep the feast of unleavened bread in the second month , a very great assembly .
every creeping thing that creeps on the earth is an abomination . it shall not be eaten .
if he dedicates his field from the year of jubilee , according to your valuation it shall stand .
this is the offering of aaron and of his sons , which they shall offer to yahweh in the day when he is anointed : the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour for a meal offering perpetually , half of it in the morning , and half of it in the evening .
the high priest stood up , and said to him , have you no answer ? what is this that these testify against you ?
now when they heard this , they were cut to the heart , and said to peter and the rest of the apostles , brothers , what shall we do ?
woe to the wicked ! disaster is upon them ; for the deeds of his hands will be paid back to him .
one has committed abomination with his neighbor 's wife ; and another has lewdly defiled his daughter - in - law ; and another in you has humbled his sister , his father 's daughter .
oil for the light , spices for the anointing oil and for the sweet incense ,
moses charged the people the same day , saying ,
remember this , and show yourselves men ; bring it again to mind , you transgressors .
it was so , when midday was past , that they prophesied until the time of the offering of the evening offering ; but there was neither voice , nor any to answer , nor any who regarded .
the people murmured against moses , saying , what shall we drink ?
she said , no one , lord . jesus said , neither do i condemn you . go your way . from now on , sin no more .
it will happen afterward , that i will pour out my spirit on all flesh ; and your sons and your daughters will prophesy . your old men will dream dreams . your young men will see visions .
it was so , that as often as the king went into the house of yahweh , the guard bore them , and brought them back into the guard chamber .
let us fear therefore , lest perhaps a promise being left of entering into his rest , anyone of you should seem to have come short of it .
i will call for a sword against him to all my mountains , says the lord yahweh : every man 's sword shall be against his brother .
all the trees of the field shall know that i , yahweh , have brought down the high tree , have exalted the low tree , have dried up the green tree , and have made the dry tree to flourish ; i , yahweh , have spoken and have done it .
you have taken away all your wrath . you have turned from the fierceness of your anger .
when the chief baker saw that the interpretation was good , he said to joseph , i also was in my dream , and behold , three baskets of white bread were on my head .
therefore god also highly exalted him , and gave to him the name which is above every name ;
from the daughter of zion all her majesty is departed : her princes are become like harts that find no pasture , they are gone without strength before the pursuer .
grace to you and peace be multiplied in the knowledge of god and of jesus our lord ,
yahweh showed me four craftsmen .
he began to speak to them in parables . a man planted a vineyard , put a hedge around it , dug a pit for the winepress , built a tower , rented it out to a farmer , and went into another country .
the plans of the diligent surely lead to profit ; and everyone who is hasty surely rushes to poverty .
he answered him , unbelieving generation , how long shall i be with you ? how long shall i bear with you ? bring him to me .
but your little ones , that you said should be a prey , them will i bring in , and they shall know the land which you have rejected .
let these words sink into your ears , for the son of man will be delivered up into the hands of men .
when the almighty scattered kings in her , it snowed on zalmon .
he said to abram , know for sure that your seed will live as foreigners in a land that is not theirs , and will serve them . they will afflict them four hundred years .
whoever remains in him does n't sin . whoever sins has n't seen him , neither knows him .
therefore do n't be anxious for tomorrow , for tomorrow will be anxious for itself . each day 's own evil is sufficient .
now when i had returned , behold , on the bank of the river were very many trees on the one side and on the other .
asher did n't drive out the inhabitants of acco , nor the inhabitants of sidon , nor of ahlab , nor of achzib , nor of helbah , nor of aphik , nor of rehob ;
to cleanse the house he shall take two birds , and cedar wood , and scarlet , and hyssop .
you can catch a lizard with your hands , yet it is in kings ' palaces .
and the best seats in the synagogues , and the best places at feasts :
then david inquired of yahweh yet again . yahweh answered him , and said , arise , go down to keilah ; for i will deliver the philistines into your hand .
and thus the secrets of his heart are revealed . so he will fall down on his face and worship god , declaring that god is among you indeed .
and hukok with its suburbs , and rehob with its suburbs ;
he feeds on ashes ; a deceived heart has turned him aside ; and he ca n't deliver his soul , nor say , is there not a lie in my right hand ?
when he had said this , he showed them his hands and his feet .
he stayed yet another seven days , and sent forth the dove ; and she did n't return to him any more .
on the eighth day he sent the people away ; and they blessed the king , and went to their tents joyful and glad of heart for all the goodness that yahweh had shown to david his servant , and to israel his people .
hear another parable . there was a man who was a master of a household , who planted a vineyard , set a hedge about it , dug a winepress in it , built a tower , leased it out to farmers , and went into another country .
therefore i beg you to take some food , for this is for your safety ; for not a hair will perish from any of your heads .
even so ought husbands also to love their own wives as their own bodies . he who loves his own wife loves himself .
how weak is your heart , says the lord yahweh , seeing you do all these things , the work of an impudent prostitute ;
a man shall be satisfied with good by the fruit of his mouth . the work of a man 's hands shall be rewarded to him .
righteousness guards the way of integrity , but wickedness overthrows the sinner .
in the morning you shall say , would it were even ! and at even you shall say , would it were morning ! for the fear of your heart which you shall fear , and for the sight of your eyes which you shall see .
then they asked him , who is the man who said to you , take up your mat , and walk ' ?
for even in thessalonica you sent once and again to my need .
he who receives a prophet in the name of a prophet will receive a prophet 's reward : and he who receives a righteous man in the name of a righteous man will receive a righteous man 's reward .
then i will also walk contrary to you ; and i will strike you , even i , seven times for your sins .
his name shall be called in israel , the house of him who has his shoe untied .
if a man lies carnally with a woman who is a slave girl , pledged to be married to another man , and not ransomed , or given her freedom ; they shall be punished . they shall not be put to death , because she was not free .
in that day you will say , give thanks to yahweh ! call on his name . declare his doings among the peoples . proclaim that his name is exalted !
now the rest of the acts of jeroboam , and all that he did , and his might , how he warred , and how he recovered damascus , and hamath , which had belonged to judah , for israel , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of israel ?
he plots iniquity on his bed . he sets himself in a way that is not good ; he does n't abhor evil .
in that day i will raise up the tent of david who is fallen , and close up its breaches , and i will raise up its ruins , and i will build it as in the days of old ;
therefore you shall no more see false visions , nor practice divination . i will deliver my people out of your hand ; and you shall know that i am yahweh .
now absalom in his lifetime had taken and reared up for himself the pillar , which is in the king 's dale ; for he said , i have no son to keep my name in memory : and he called the pillar after his own name ; and it is called absalom 's monument , to this day .
the words of a gossip are like dainty morsels : they go down into a person 's innermost parts .
then the people of the land took jehoahaz the son of josiah , and made him king in his father 's place in jerusalem .
then will i pluck them up by the roots out of my land which i have given them ; and this house , which i have made holy for my name , will i cast out of my sight , and i will make it a proverb and a byword among all peoples .
for we did not follow cunningly devised fables , when we made known to you the power and coming of our lord jesus christ , but we were eyewitnesses of his majesty .
he said to him , son , you are always with me , and all that is mine is yours .
but god chose the foolish things of the world that he might put to shame those who are wise . god chose the weak things of the world , that he might put to shame the things that are strong ;
however , the son by the handmaid was born according to the flesh , but the son by the free woman was born through promise .
the crown of pride of the drunkards of ephraim will be trodden under foot .
now it fell on a day , that jonathan the son of saul said to the young man who bore his armor , come , and let us go over to the philistines ' garrison , that is on yonder side . but he did n't tell his father .
in the beginning god created the heavens and the earth .
they said to him , thus says hezekiah , this day is a day of trouble , and of rebuke , and of rejection ; for the children are come to the birth , and there is not strength to bring forth .
so moses wrote this song the same day , and taught it the children of israel .
going on from there , he saw two other brothers , james the son of zebedee , and john his brother , in the boat with zebedee their father , mending their nets . he called them .
how are the mighty fallen in the midst of the battle ! jonathan is slain on your high places .
the nazirite shall shave the head of his separation at the door of the tent of meeting , and shall take the hair of the head of his separation , and put it on the fire which is under the sacrifice of peace offerings .
in their sight shall you bear it on your shoulder , and carry it forth in the dark ; you shall cover your face , that you do n't see the land : for i have set you for a sign to the house of israel .
i love yahweh , because he listens to my voice , and my cries for mercy .
and they mourned , and wept , and fasted until even , for saul , and for jonathan his son , and for the people of yahweh , and for the house of israel ; because they were fallen by the sword .
he gave them into the hand of the nations . those who hated them ruled over them .
now the rest of the acts of manasseh , and all that he did , and his sin that he sinned , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of judah ?
adah gave birth to jabal , who was the father of those who dwell in tents and have livestock .
between the chambers was a breadth of twenty cubits round about the house on every side .
in that hour jesus said to the multitudes , have you come out as against a robber with swords and clubs to seize me ? i sat daily in the temple teaching , and you did n't arrest me .
huram continued , blessed be yahweh , the god of israel , that made heaven and earth , who has given to david the king a wise son , endowed with discretion and understanding , that should build a house for yahweh , and a house for his kingdom .
now the rest of the acts of josiah , and all that he did , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of judah ?
then came the word of yahweh to samuel , saying ,
let all things be done decently and in order .
the lords of the philistines came up to her , and said to her , entice him , and see in which his great strength lies , and by what means we may prevail against him , that we may bind him to afflict him : and we will each give you of us eleven hundred pieces of silver .
he followed her immediately , as an ox goes to the slaughter , as a fool stepping into a noose .
my soul shall boast in yahweh . the humble shall hear of it , and be glad .
then they said , what shall be the trespass offering which we shall return to him ? they said , five golden tumors , and five golden mice , according to the number of the lords of the philistines ; for one plague was on you all , and on your lords .
the same day did the king make the middle of the court holy that was before the house of yahweh ; for there he offered the burnt offering , and the meal offering , and the fat of the peace offerings , because the brazen altar that was before yahweh was too little to receive the burnt offering , and the meal offering , and the fat of the peace offerings .
arrogant speech is n't fitting for a fool , much less do lying lips fit a prince .
moreover he built cities in the hill country of judah , and in the forests he built castles and towers .
though he is fruitful among his brothers , an east wind will come , the breath of yahweh coming up from the wilderness ; and his spring will become dry , and his fountain will be dried up . he will plunder the storehouse of treasure .
as it is written , there is no one righteous . no , not one .
his malice may be concealed by deception , but his wickedness will be exposed in the assembly .
so they went up , and spied out the land from the wilderness of zin to rehob , to the entrance of hamath .
then let our faces be looked on before you , and the face of the youths who eat of the king 's dainties ; and as you see , deal with your servants .
yahweh is gracious , merciful , slow to anger , and of great loving kindness .
joseph arose from his sleep , and did as the angel of the lord commanded him , and took his wife to himself ;
all the days of his separation he shall eat nothing that is made of the grapevine , from the seeds even to the skins .
he made two golden rings for it under its molding crown , on its two ribs , on its two sides , for places for poles with which to carry it .
praise him , all his angels ! praise him , all his army !
was n't it told my lord what i did when jezebel killed the prophets of yahweh , how i hid one hundred men of yahweh 's prophets by fifty in a cave , and fed them with bread and water ?
in that same hour jesus rejoiced in the holy spirit , and said , i thank you , o father , lord of heaven and earth , that you have hidden these things from the wise and understanding , and revealed them to little children . yes , father , for so it was well - pleasing in your sight .
and the pattern of all that he had by the spirit , for the courts of the house of yahweh , and for all the surrounding rooms , for the treasuries of the house of god , and for the treasuries of the dedicated things ;
you shall roast and eat it in the place which yahweh your god shall choose : and you shall turn in the morning , and go to your tents .
they have seen falsehood and lying divination , who say , yahweh says ; but yahweh has not sent them : and they have made men to hope that the word would be confirmed .
yet i had planted you a noble vine , wholly a right seed : how then are you turned into the degenerate branches of a foreign vine to me ?
therefore judge nothing before the time , until the lord comes , who will both bring to light the hidden things of darkness , and reveal the counsels of the hearts . then each man will get his praise from god .
the heaved thigh and the waved breast they shall bring with the offerings made by fire of the fat , to wave it for a wave offering before yahweh : and it shall be yours , and your sons ' with you , as a portion forever ; as yahweh has commanded .
some also there were that said , we are mortgaging our fields , and our vineyards , and our houses : let us get grain , because of the dearth .
every man 's holy things shall be his : whatever any man gives the priest , it shall be his .
this also would be an iniquity to be punished by the judges ; for i should have denied the god who is above .
on the tenth day of this seventh month you shall have a holy convocation ; and you shall afflict your souls : you shall do no manner of work ;
a certain beggar , named lazarus , was laid at his gate , full of sores ,
jesus said to her , woman , what does that have to do with you and me ? my hour has not yet come .
for the children of israel shall abide many days without king , and without prince , and without sacrifice , and without sacred stone , and without ephod or idols .
the door for the middle side chambers was in the right side of the house : and they went up by winding stairs into the middle story , and out of the middle into the third .
now the chief priests and the pharisees had commanded that if anyone knew where he was , he should report it , that they might seize him .
when i wept and i fasted , that was to my reproach .
and said to them , you shall not bring in the captives here : for you purpose that which will bring on us a trespass against yahweh , to add to our sins and to our trespass ; for our trespass is great , and there is fierce wrath against israel .
if you shall say in your heart , these nations are more than i ; how can i dispossess them ?
they , having heard the king , went their way ; and behold , the star , which they saw in the east , went before them , until it came and stood over where the young child was .
praise yahweh ! sing to yahweh a new song , his praise in the assembly of the saints .
he said , if the syrians be too strong for me , then you shall help me ; but if the children of ammon be too strong for you , then i will help you .
though men be risen up to pursue you , and to seek your soul , yet the soul of my lord shall be bound in the bundle of life with yahweh your god ; and the souls of your enemies , them shall he sling out , as from the hollow of a sling .
for if i would desire to boast , i will not be foolish ; for i will speak the truth . but i refrain , so that no man may think more of me than that which he sees in me , or hears from me .
how much worse punishment , do you think , will he be judged worthy of , who has trodden under foot the son of god , and has counted the blood of the covenant with which he was sanctified an unholy thing , and has insulted the spirit of grace ?
all the oxen for the burnt offering twelve bulls , the rams twelve , the male lambs a year old twelve , and their meal offering ; and the male goats for a sin offering twelve ;
i know your works ( behold , i have set before you an open door , which no one can shut ) , that you have a little power , and kept my word , and did n't deny my name .
thus did moses : as yahweh commanded him , so did he .
they brought seven bulls , and seven rams , and seven lambs , and seven male goats , for a sin offering for the kingdom and for the sanctuary and for judah . he commanded the priests the sons of aaron to offer them on the altar of yahweh .
and it shall be with him , and he shall read therein all the days of his life ; that he may learn to fear yahweh his god , to keep all the words of this law and these statutes , to do them ;
but jesus said to him , leave the dead to bury their own dead , but you go and announce the kingdom of god .
they took the coat of many colors , and they brought it to their father , and said , we have found this . examine it , now , whether it is your son 's coat or not .
they scoff and speak with malice . in arrogance , they threaten oppression .
let those who seek after my soul be disappointed and brought to dishonor . let those who plot my ruin be turned back and confounded .
even now , behold , my witness is in heaven . he who vouches for me is on high .
i think it right , as long as i am in this tent , to stir you up by reminding you ;
for as the body apart from the spirit is dead , even so faith apart from works is dead .
then saul arose , and went down to the wilderness of ziph , having three thousand chosen men of israel with him , to seek david in the wilderness of ziph .
when she saw that she was steadfastly minded to go with her , she left off speaking to her .
for this ointment might have been sold for much , and given to the poor .
now , my god , let , i beg you , your eyes be open , and let your ears be attentive , to the prayer that is made in this place .
zedekiah was twenty - one years old when he began to reign ; and he reigned eleven years in jerusalem : and his mother 's name was hamutal the daughter of jeremiah of libnah .
the sun and moon stood still in the sky , at the light of your arrows as they went , at the shining of your glittering spear .
for you both had compassion on me in my chains , and joyfully accepted the plundering of your possessions , knowing that you have for yourselves a better possession and an enduring one in the heavens .
forty years old was i when moses the servant of yahweh sent me from kadesh barnea to spy out the land ; and i brought him word again as it was in my heart .
then our sons will be like well - nurtured plants , our daughters like pillars carved to adorn a palace .
he said to her , if they only bind me with new ropes with which no work has been done , then shall i become weak , and be as another man .
then he touched their eyes , saying , according to your faith be it done to you .
he took the people , and divided them into three companies , and laid wait in the field ; and he looked , and behold , the people came forth out of the city ; he rose up against them , and struck them .
so they went with the guard and made the tomb secure , sealing the stone .
but philip was found at azotus . passing through , he preached the good news to all the cities , until he came to caesarea .
for the far part of the tent westward you shall make six boards .
because it has been granted to you on behalf of christ , not only to believe in him , but also to suffer on his behalf ,
for when we were in the flesh , the sinful passions which were through the law , worked in our members to bring forth fruit to death .
this is the portion of a wicked man with god , the heritage of oppressors , which they receive from the almighty .
speak to the children of israel , and tell them , when you come into the land which i give you , then the land shall keep a sabbath to yahweh .
when the demon was cast out , the mute man spoke . the multitudes marveled , saying , nothing like this has ever been seen in israel !
he who rejects me , and does n't receive my sayings , has one who judges him . the word that i spoke , the same will judge him in the last day .
for then i will purify the lips of the peoples , that they may all call on the name of yahweh , to serve him shoulder to shoulder .
notwithstanding , no devoted thing , that a man shall devote to yahweh of all that he has , whether of man or animal , or of the field of his possession , shall be sold or redeemed : every devoted thing is most holy to yahweh .
therefore tell the house of israel , thus says the lord yahweh : i do n't do this for your sake , house of israel , but for my holy name , which you have profaned among the nations , where you went .
the rain came down , the floods came , and the winds blew , and beat on that house ; and it did n't fall , for it was founded on the rock .
and one loaf of bread , one cake of oiled bread , and one wafer out of the basket of unleavened bread that is before yahweh .
moses and eleazar the priest did as yahweh commanded moses .
therefore will i save my flock , and they shall no more be a prey ; and i will judge between sheep and sheep .
he shall kill the male lamb in the place where they kill the sin offering and the burnt offering , in the place of the sanctuary ; for as the sin offering is the priest 's , so is the trespass offering . it is most holy .
and the lamp of god had n't yet gone out , and samuel had laid down to sleep , in the temple of yahweh , where the ark of god was ;
the world ca n't hate you , but it hates me , because i testify about it , that its works are evil .
abram moved his tent , and came and lived by the oaks of mamre , which are in hebron , and built an altar there to yahweh .
joshua took makkedah on that day , and struck it with the edge of the sword , and the king of it : he utterly destroyed them and all the souls who were therein ; he left none remaining ; and he did to the king of makkedah as he had done to the king of jericho .
elkanah her husband said to her , hannah , why weep you ? and why do n't you eat ? and why is your heart grieved ? am i not better to you than ten sons ?
but if you will go , do valiantly , be strong for the battle : god will cast you down before the enemy ; for god has power to help , and to cast down .
let my lips utter praise , for you teach me your statutes .
their horses also are swifter than leopards , and are more fierce than the evening wolves . their horsemen press proudly on . yes , their horsemen come from afar . they fly as an eagle that hurries to devour .
therefore the anger of yahweh was kindled against this land , to bring on it all the curse that is written in this book ;
and tell them , thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel : behold , i will send and take nebuchadnezzar the king of babylon , my servant , and will set his throne on these stones that i have hidden ; and he shall spread his royal pavilion over them .
all the nations are like nothing before him . they are regarded by him as less than nothing , and vanity .
moses and aaron and the princes of the congregation numbered the sons of the kohathites by their families , and by their fathers ' houses ,
he was teaching in one of the synagogues on the sabbath day .
he gives great deliverance to his king , and shows loving kindness to his anointed , to david and to his seed , forevermore .
they watched him , and sent out spies , who pretended to be righteous , that they might trap him in something he said , so as to deliver him up to the power and authority of the governor .
the bones of joseph , which the children of israel brought up out of egypt , buried they in shechem , in the parcel of ground which jacob bought of the sons of hamor the father of shechem for a hundred pieces of money : and they became the inheritance of the children of joseph .
for you are a holy people to yahweh your god : yahweh your god has chosen you to be a people for his own possession , above all peoples who are on the face of the earth .
but god is the judge . he puts down one , and lifts up another .
after this , abraham buried sarah his wife in the cave of the field of machpelah before mamre ( that is , hebron ) , in the land of canaan .
do n't let riches entice you to wrath , neither let the great size of a bribe turn you aside .
they ate , and were filled . they took up seven baskets of broken pieces that were left over .
therefore i consider all of your precepts to be right . i hate every false way . pey
now brace yourself like a man . i will question you , and you will answer me .
my soul is weary of my life ; i will give free course to my complaint . i will speak in the bitterness of my soul .
in that day you will ask in my name ; and i do n't say to you , that i will pray to the father for you ,
then the congregation shall judge between the striker and the avenger of blood according to these ordinances ;
for now we live , if you stand fast in the lord .
it shall be square and folded double ; a span shall be its length of it , and a span its breadth .
but where shall wisdom be found ? where is the place of understanding ?
because of the chaldeans ; for they were afraid of them , because ishmael the son of nethaniah had killed gedaliah the son of ahikam , whom the king of babylon made governor over the land .
though i am righteous , my own mouth shall condemn me . though i am blameless , it shall prove me perverse .
for in your eating each one takes his own supper first . one is hungry , and another is drunken .
then he brought me back by the way of the outer gate of the sanctuary , which looks toward the east ; and it was shut .
do n't rejoice , o philistia , all of you , because the rod that struck you is broken ; for out of the serpent 's root an adder will emerge , and his fruit will be a fiery flying serpent .
he settled his gaze steadfastly on him , until he was ashamed : and the man of god wept .
their eyes were opened . jesus strictly charged them , saying , see that no one knows about this .
now i beg you , brothers , by our lord jesus christ , and by the love of the spirit , that you strive together with me in your prayers to god for me ,
you shall not be scared of them ; for yahweh your god is in the midst of you , a great and awesome god .
he is yahweh , our god . his judgments are in all the earth .
these uncovered her nakedness ; they took her sons and her daughters ; and her they killed with the sword : and she became a byword among women ; for they executed judgments on her .
how long shall i take counsel in my soul , having sorrow in my heart every day ? how long shall my enemy triumph over me ?
as it is taken off of the ox of the sacrifice of peace offerings . the priest shall burn them on the altar of burnt offering .
thus said yahweh : go down to the house of the king of judah , and speak there this word ,
you shall also make a basin of brass , and the base of it of brass , in which to wash . you shall put it between the tent of meeting and the altar , and you shall put water in it .
then i went on to the spring gate and to the king 's pool : but there was no place for the animal that was under me to pass .
david said , as yahweh lives , yahweh will strike him ; or his day shall come to die ; or he shall go down into battle and perish .
now the rest of the acts of rehoboam , and all that he did , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of judah ?
i will for this afflict the seed of david , but not forever .
nor filthiness , nor foolish talking , nor jesting , which are not appropriate ; but rather giving of thanks .
he who gives answer before he hears , that is folly and shame to him .
every garment , and every skin , whereon the semen is , shall be washed with water , and be unclean until the evening .
in the multitude of words there is no lack of disobedience , but he who restrains his lips does wisely .
he said to them , an enemy has done this . ' the servants asked him , do you want us to go and gather them up ? '
all the cities of the children of aaron , the priests , were thirteen cities with their suburbs .
he has made the earth by his power , he has established the world by his wisdom , and by his understanding has he stretched out the heavens :
do n't be afraid of the king of babylon , of whom you are afraid ; do n't be afraid of him , says yahweh : for i am with you to save you , and to deliver you from his hand .
you shall do no manner of work : it is a statute forever throughout your generations in all your dwellings .
they are of the world . therefore they speak of the world , and the world hears them .
i will cut off all the horns of the wicked , but the horns of the righteous shall be lifted up .
thus says yahweh of armies : i am jealous for zion with great jealousy , and i am jealous for her with great wrath .
and i will give you the treasures of darkness , and hidden riches of secret places , that you may know that it is i , yahweh , who call you by your name , even the god of israel .
the testimony is this , that god gave to us eternal life , and this life is in his son .
for this is even from israel ! the workman made it , and it is no god ; indeed , the calf of samaria shall be broken in pieces .
for there are many words that create vanity . what does that profit man ?
blessed be yahweh your god , who delighted in you , to set you on his throne , to be king for yahweh your god : because your god loved israel , to establish them forever , therefore made he you king over them , to do justice and righteousness .
why cry you for your hurt ? your pain is incurable : for the greatness of your iniquity , because your sins were increased , i have done these things to you .
is not this david , of whom they sang one to another in dances , saying , saul has slain his thousands , david his ten thousands ?
he looks at the earth , and it trembles . he touches the mountains , and they smoke .
now it happened in the seventh month , that ishmael the son of nethaniah , the son of elishama , of the seed royal and one of the chief officers of the king , and ten men with him , came to gedaliah the son of ahikam to mizpah ; and there they ate bread together in mizpah .
lift up your eyes round about , and see : they all gather themselves together , they come to you ; your sons shall come from far , and your daughters shall be carried in the arms .
the leper in whom the plague is shall wear torn clothes , and the hair of his head shall hang loose . he shall cover his upper lip , and shall cry , unclean ! unclean ! '
thus did moses , and aaron , and all the congregation of the children of israel , to the levites . according to all that yahweh commanded moses concerning the levites , so the children of israel did to them .
whose confidence shall break apart , whose trust is a spider 's web .
when he had destroyed seven nations in the land of canaan , he gave them their land for an inheritance , for about four hundred fifty years .
behold , this day your eyes have seen how that yahweh had delivered you today into my hand in the cave : and some bade me kill you ; but my eye spared you ; and i said , i will not put forth my hand against my lord ; for he is yahweh 's anointed .
and to have authority to heal sicknesses and to cast out demons :
also we made ordinances for us , to charge ourselves yearly with the third part of a shekel for the service of the house of our god ;
paul went down , and fell upon him , and embracing him said , do n't be troubled , for his life is in him .
i asked him the second time , what are these two olive branches , which are beside the two golden spouts , that pour the golden oil out of themselves ?
yes , he loads the thick cloud with moisture . he spreads abroad the cloud of his lightning .
when some of both the gentiles and the jews , with their rulers , made a violent attempt to mistreat and stone them ,
but if they will not pass over with you armed , they shall have possessions among you in the land of canaan .
therefore thus says yahweh concerning the prophets who prophesy in my name , and i did n't send them , yet they say , sword and famine shall not be in this land : by sword and famine shall those prophets be consumed .
he who loves purity of heart and speaks gracefully is the king 's friend .
he shall enter also into the glorious land , and many countries shall be overthrown ; but these shall be delivered out of his hand : edom , and moab , and the chief of the children of ammon .
but as for me , this secret is not revealed to me for any wisdom that i have more than any living , but to the intent that the interpretation may be made known to the king , and that you may know the thoughts of your heart .
so i bought a belt according to the word of yahweh , and put it on my waist .
moreover yahweh said to me in the days of josiah the king , have you seen that which backsliding israel has done ? she is gone up on every high mountain and under every green tree , and there has played the prostitute .
for god knows that in the day you eat it , your eyes will be opened , and you will be like god , knowing good and evil .
for whom he foreknew , he also predestined to be conformed to the image of his son , that he might be the firstborn among many brothers .
also thus said the king , blessed be yahweh , the god of israel , who has given one to sit on my throne this day , my eyes even seeing it .
furthermore you have sent for men who come from far , to whom a messenger was sent , and behold , they came ; for whom you did wash yourself , paint your eyes , and deck yourself with ornaments ,
tell them , as i live , says yahweh , surely as you have spoken in my ears , so will i do to you :
but now i am going to him who sent me , and none of you asks me , where are you going ? '
all the people answered together , and said , all that yahweh has spoken we will do . moses reported the words of the people to yahweh .
then the king of israel called all the elders of the land , and said , please notice how this man seeks mischief : for he sent to me for my wives , and for my children , and for my silver , and for my gold ; and i did n't deny him .
when the morning stars sang together , and all the sons of god shouted for joy ?
therefore their inhabitants had little power . they were dismayed and confounded . they were like the grass of the field , and like the green herb , like the grass on the housetops , and like a field before its crop has grown .
dominion and fear are with him ; he makes peace in his high places .
abijah joined battle with an army of valiant men of war , even four hundred thousand chosen men : and jeroboam set the battle in array against him with eight hundred thousand chosen men , who were mighty men of valor .
and you detest them . you shall not eat of their flesh , and you shall detest their carcasses .
so david gave to ornan for the place six hundred shekels of gold by weight .
remember your word to your servant , because you gave me hope .
saying , i will declare your name to my brothers . in the midst of the congregation i will sing your praise .
and the priest shall burn them on the altar for an offering made by fire to yahweh : it is a trespass offering .
you , son of man , prophesy to the mountains of israel , and say , you mountains of israel , hear the word of yahweh .
i struck you with blight and mildew many times in your gardens and your vineyards ; and your fig trees and your olive trees have the swarming locust devoured : yet you have n't returned to me , says yahweh .
then those who feared yahweh spoke one with another ; and yahweh listened , and heard , and a book of memory was written before him , for those who feared yahweh , and who honored his name .
come up to me , and help me , and let us strike gibeon ; for it has made peace with joshua and with the children of israel .
he put garrisons in edom ; and all the edomites became servants to david . yahweh gave victory to david wherever he went .
ten fat oxen , and twenty oxen out of the pastures , and one hundred sheep , besides harts , and gazelles , and roebucks , and fattened fowl .
but when he was forty years old , it came into his heart to visit his brothers , the children of israel .
and he said , yahweh , the god of israel , there is no god like you , in heaven above , or on earth beneath ; who keep covenant and loving kindness with your servants , who walk before you with all their heart ;
you shall not glean your vineyard , neither shall you gather the fallen grapes of your vineyard ; you shall leave them for the poor and for the foreigner . i am yahweh your god .
they shall keep your charge , and the charge of all the tent : only they shall not come near to the vessels of the sanctuary and to the altar , that they not die , neither they , nor you .
the house , that is , the temple before the oracle , was forty cubits long .
or do n't you know that all we who were baptized into christ jesus were baptized into his death ?
the king said , where is your master 's son ? ziba said to the king , behold , he abides at jerusalem ; for he said , today will the house of israel restore me the kingdom of my father .
the burning sand will become a pool , and the thirsty ground springs of water . grass with reeds and rushes will be in the habitation of jackals , where they lay .
greet one another with a holy kiss . the assemblies of christ greet you .
also maacah his mother he removed from being queen , because she had made an abominable image for an asherah ; and asa cut down her image , and burnt it at the brook kidron .
yahweh said to moses , do n't fear him : for i have delivered him into your hand , and all his people , and his land ; and you shall do to him as you did to sihon king of the amorites , who lived at heshbon .
jesus said to him , you have said it . nevertheless , i tell you , henceforth you will see the son of man sitting at the right hand of power , and coming on the clouds of the sky .
nadab the son of jeroboam began to reign over israel in the second year of asa king of judah ; and he reigned over israel two years .
but you do see trouble and grief ; you consider it to take it into your hand . you help the victim and the fatherless .
most assuredly i tell you , among those who are born of women there has not arisen anyone greater than john the baptizer ; yet he who is least in the kingdom of heaven is greater than he .
if the scourge kills suddenly , he will mock at the trial of the innocent .
you shall teach them your children , talking of them , when you sit in your house , and when you walk by the way , and when you lie down , and when you rise up .
let favor be shown to the wicked , yet he will not learn righteousness . in the land of uprightness he will deal wrongfully , and will not see yahweh 's majesty .
nabal answered david 's servants , and said , who is david ? and who is the son of jesse ? there are many servants who break away from their masters these days .
you were made alive when you were dead in transgressions and sins ,
the screen for the gate of the court was the work of the embroiderer , of blue , purple , scarlet , and fine twined linen . twenty cubits was the length , and the height in the breadth was five cubits , like to the hangings of the court .
moses said , the people , among whom i am , are six hundred thousand footmen ; and you have said , i will give them flesh , that they may eat a whole month .
it will be like when the harvester gathers the wheat , and his arm reaps the grain . yes , it will be like when one gleans grain in the valley of rephaim .
then the commanding officer came near , arrested him , commanded him to be bound with two chains , and inquired who he was and what he had done .
it happened , when ben hadad heard this message , as he was drinking , he and the kings , in the pavilions , that he said to his servants , set yourselves in array . they set themselves in array against the city .
so am i made to possess months of misery , wearisome nights are appointed to me .
with whom was he displeased forty years ? was n't it with those who sinned , whose bodies fell in the wilderness ?
it happened after these things , that god tested abraham , and said to him , abraham ! he said , here i am .
yahweh spoke to aaron , saying ,
there is a league between me and you , between my father and your father : behold , i have sent to you a present of silver and gold ; go , break your league with baasha king of israel , that he may depart from me .
the wicked are not so , but are like the chaff which the wind drives away .
for when a few years are come , i shall go the way from whence i shall not return .
therefore tell the children of israel , i am yahweh , and i will bring you out from under the burdens of the egyptians , and i will rid you out of their bondage , and i will redeem you with an outstretched arm , and with great judgments :
yahweh answered his people , behold , i will send you grain , new wine , and oil , and you will be satisfied with them ; and i will no more make you a reproach among the nations .
they are amazed . they answer no more . they do n't have a word to say .
for i did n't shrink from declaring to you the whole counsel of god .
on the other side of the jordan , of the reubenites , and the gadites , and of the half - tribe of manasseh , with all manner of instruments of war for the battle , one hundred twenty thousand .
you husbands , in like manner , live with your wives according to knowledge , giving honor to the woman , as to the weaker vessel , as being also joint heirs of the grace of life ; that your prayers may not be hindered .
and certain women who had been healed of evil spirits and infirmities : mary who was called magdalene , from whom seven demons had gone out ;
so that they shall take no wood out of the field , neither cut down any out of the forests ; for they shall make fires of the weapons ; and they shall plunder those who plundered them , and rob those who robbed them , says the lord yahweh .
and did n't inquire of yahweh : therefore he killed him , and turned the kingdom to david the son of jesse .
for this cause i also , having heard of the faith in the lord jesus which is among you , and the love which you have toward all the saints ,
by faith , he left egypt , not fearing the wrath of the king ; for he endured , as seeing him who is invisible .
but i am afraid that somehow , as the serpent deceived eve in his craftiness , so your minds might be corrupted from the simplicity that is in christ .
thus noah did . according to all that god commanded him , so he did .
he said to him the third time , simon , son of jonah , do you have affection for me ? peter was grieved because he asked him the third time , do you have affection for me ? he said to him , lord , you know everything . you know that i have affection for you . jesus said to him , feed my sheep .
behold , is n't it of yahweh of armies that the peoples labor for the fire , and the nations weary themselves for vanity ?
but if they say thus , come up to us ; then we will go up ; for yahweh has delivered them into our hand : and this shall be the sign to us .
and that all this assembly may know that yahweh does n't save with sword and spear : for the battle is yahweh 's , and he will give you into our hand .
suddenly there came from the sky a sound like the rushing of a mighty wind , and it filled all the house where they were sitting .
in the nine and thirtieth year of azariah king of judah began menahem the son of gadi to reign over israel , and reigned ten years in samaria .
you shall keep the charge of the sanctuary , and the charge of the altar ; that there be wrath no more on the children of israel .
these three were the sons of noah , and from these , the whole earth was populated .
not stealing , but showing all good fidelity ; that they may adorn the doctrine of god , our savior , in all things .
now she is in the streets , now in the squares , and lurking at every corner .
you shall chase your enemies , and they shall fall before you by the sword .
joshua defeated amalek and his people with the edge of the sword .
come now , you rich , weep and howl for your miseries that are coming on you .
then he said , i have sinned : yet honor me now , please , before the elders of my people , and before israel , and turn again with me , that i may worship yahweh your god .
as the gentiles heard this , they were glad , and glorified the word of god . as many as were appointed to eternal life believed .
all the people went over the jordan , and the king went over : and the king kissed barzillai , and blessed him ; and he returned to his own place .
but as for me , my prayer is to you , yahweh , in an acceptable time . god , in the abundance of your loving kindness , answer me in the truth of your salvation .
and he came even before the king 's gate : for none might enter within the king 's gate clothed with sackcloth .
jesus said to them , my food is to do the will of him who sent me , and to accomplish his work .
even as it is written , jacob i loved , but esau i hated .
behold , i give of the synagogue of satan , of those who say they are jews , and they are not , but lie . behold , i will make them to come and worship before your feet , and to know that i have loved you .
then the king held out to esther the golden scepter . so esther arose , and stood before the king .
joshua set up twelve stones in the midst of the jordan , in the place where the feet of the priests who bore the ark of the covenant stood : and they are there to this day .
god is faithful , through whom you were called into the fellowship of his son , jesus christ , our lord .
yahweh said to moses , write this for a memorial in a book , and rehearse it in the ears of joshua : that i will utterly blot out the memory of amalek from under the sky .
but he said , then bring meal . he cast it into the pot ; and he said , pour out for the people , that they may eat . there was no harm in the pot .
the merchants of these things , who were made rich by her , will stand far away for the fear of her torment , weeping and mourning ;
for in the multitude of dreams there are vanities , as well as in many words : but you must fear god .
when the wine ran out , jesus ' mother said to him , they have no wine .
we looked for peace , but no good came ; and for a time of healing , and behold , dismay !
but the fig tree said to them , should i leave my sweetness , and my good fruit , and go to wave back and forth over the trees ?
i declared my ways , and you answered me . teach me your statutes .
if one person sins unwittingly , then he shall offer a female goat a year old for a sin offering .
has not the same hezekiah taken away his high places and his altars , and commanded judah and jerusalem , saying , you shall worship before one altar , and on it shall you burn incense ?
for most assuredly , not to angels does he give help , but he gives help to the seed of abraham .
there were eight boards , and their sockets of silver , sixteen sockets ; under every board two sockets .
on the ninth day of the fourth month the famine was sore in the city , so that there was no bread for the people of the land .
but jesus knowing in himself that his disciples murmured at this , said to them , does this cause you to stumble ?
yahweh will do to them as he did to sihon and to og , the kings of the amorites , and to their land ; whom he destroyed .
rehoboam loved maacah the daughter of absalom above all his wives and his concubines : ( for he took eighteen wives , and sixty concubines , and became the father of twenty - eight sons and sixty daughters . )
declare you in judah , and publish in jerusalem ; and say , blow you the trumpet in the land : cry aloud and say , assemble yourselves , and let us go into the fortified cities .
there you shall serve gods , the work of men 's hands , wood and stone , which neither see , nor hear , nor eat , nor smell .
now the hand of yahweh had been on me in the evening , before he who was escaped came ; and he had opened my mouth , until he came to me in the morning ; and my mouth was opened , and i was no more mute .
david danced before yahweh with all his might ; and david was girded with a linen ephod .
make a joyful noise to yahweh , all the earth ! burst out and sing for joy , yes , sing praises !
the voice of one crying in the wilderness , make ready the way of the lord ! make his paths straight ! '
but i have told you these things , so that when the time comes , you may remember that i told you about them . i did n't tell you these things from the beginning , because i was with you .
i will visit on her the days of the baals , to which she burned incense , when she decked herself with her earrings and her jewels , and went after her lovers , and forgot me , says yahweh .
the philistines followed hard after saul and after his sons ; and the philistines killed jonathan , and abinadab , and malchishua , the sons of saul .
for the teraphim have spoken vanity , and the diviners have seen a lie ; and they have told false dreams . they comfort in vain . therefore they go their way like sheep . they are oppressed , because there is no shepherd .
then said david , o yahweh , the god of israel , your servant has surely heard that saul seeks to come to keilah , to destroy the city for my sake .
why have you made us to come up out of egypt , to bring us in to this evil place ? it is no place of seed , or of figs , or of vines , or of pomegranates ; neither is there any water to drink .
behold , how they reward us , to come to cast us out of your possession , which you have given us to inherit .
and they took him , and threw him into the pit . the pit was empty . there was no water in it .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
let us therefore , as many as are perfect , think this way . if in anything you think otherwise , god will also reveal that to you .
you shall say before yahweh your god , i have put away the holy things out of my house , and also have given them to the levite , and to the foreigner , to the fatherless , and to the widow , according to all your commandment which you have commanded me : i have not transgressed any of your commandments , neither have i forgotten them :
if he offers a lamb for his offering , then he shall offer it before yahweh ;
and the lampstands with their lamps , to burn according to the ordinance before the oracle , of pure gold ;
therefore will i do to the house which is called by my name , in which you trust , and to the place which i gave to you and to your fathers , as i did to shiloh .
now the serpent was more subtle than any animal of the field which yahweh god had made . he said to the woman , has god really said , you shall not eat of any tree of the garden ? '
now about that time , herod the king stretched out his hands to oppress some of the assembly .
if there arise a matter too hard for you in judgment , between blood and blood , between plea and plea , and between stroke and stroke , being matters of controversy within your gates ; then shall you arise , and go up to the place which yahweh your god shall choose ;
at the evening offering i arose up from my humiliation , even with my garment and my robe torn ; and i fell on my knees , and spread out my hands to yahweh my god ;
for i could wish that i myself were accursed from christ for my brothers ' sake , my relatives according to the flesh ,
he even tried to profane the temple , and we arrested him .
that joshua called for all israel , for their elders and for their heads , and for their judges and for their officers , and said to them , i am old and well stricken in years :
remember those who are in bonds , as bound with them ; and those who are ill - treated , since you are also in the body .
then whoever hears the sound of the trumpet , and does n't take warning , if the sword come , and take him away , his blood shall be on his own head .
the nations shall see your righteousness , and all kings your glory , and you shall be called by a new name , which the mouth of yahweh shall name .
in that day they will come to you from assyria and the cities of egypt , and from egypt even to the river , and from sea to sea , and mountain to mountain .
when he heard that jesus had come out of judea into galilee , he went to him , and begged him that he would come down and heal his son , for he was at the point of death .
the four angels were freed who had been prepared for that hour and day and month and year , so that they might kill one third of mankind .
there are also workmen with you in abundance , cutters and workers of stone and timber , and all kinds of men who are skillful in every kind of work :
and the border shall go down from shepham to riblah , on the east side of ain ; and the border shall go down , and shall reach to the side of the sea of chinnereth eastward ;
you turn things upside down ! should the potter be thought to be like clay ; that the thing made should say about him who made it , he did n't make me ; or the thing formed say of him who formed it , he has no understanding ?
but it was you , a man like me , my companion , and my familiar friend .
they struck all the cities round about gerar ; for the fear of yahweh came on them : and they despoiled all the cities ; for there was much spoil in them .
the name of the third river is hiddekel : this is the one which flows in front of assyria . the fourth river is the euphrates .
at meal time boaz said to her , come here , and eat of the bread , and dip your morsel in the vinegar . she sat beside the reapers , and they reached her parched grain , and she ate , and was sufficed , and left of it .
oh that the salvation of israel would come out of zion ! when yahweh restores the fortunes of his people , then jacob shall rejoice , and israel shall be glad .
a capital of brass was on it ; and the height of the one capital was five cubits , with network and pomegranates on the capital round about , all of brass : and the second pillar also had like these , and pomegranates .
i will strengthen the house of judah , and i will save the house of joseph , and i will bring them back ; for i have mercy on them ; and they will be as though i had not cast them off : for i am yahweh their god , and i will hear them .
but the righteous will live by faith . if he shrinks back , my soul has no pleasure in him .
there is gold and abundance of rubies ; but the lips of knowledge are a rare jewel .
if it bears fruit , fine ; but if not , after that , you can cut it down . '
and it shall be for aaron and his sons as their portion forever from the children of israel ; for it is a wave offering : and it shall be a wave offering from the children of israel of the sacrifices of their peace offerings , even their wave offering to yahweh .
if a man be found lying with a woman married to a husband , then they shall both of them die , the man who lay with the woman , and the woman : so shall you put away the evil from israel .
but jesus perceived their wickedness , and said , why do you test me , you hypocrites ?
then said jeremiah to zedekiah , thus says yahweh , the god of armies , the god of israel : if you will go forth to the king of babylon 's princes , then your soul shall live , and this city shall not be burned with fire ; and you shall live , and your house .
the soul of king david longed to go forth to absalom : for he was comforted concerning amnon , seeing he was dead .
through silvanus , our faithful brother , as i consider him , i have written to you briefly , exhorting , and testifying that this is the true grace of god in which you stand .
the earth was corrupt before god , and the earth was filled with violence .
take great stones in your hand , and hide them in mortar in the brick work , which is at the entry of pharaoh 's house in tahpanhes , in the sight of the men of judah ;
ahijah laid hold of the new garment that was on him , and tore it in twelve pieces .
the word of yahweh came again to me , saying ,
it happened , that when isaac was old , and his eyes were dim , so that he could not see , he called esau his elder son , and said to him , my son ? he said to him , here i am .
joshua said , roll great stones to the mouth of the cave , and set men by it to keep them :
delilah said to samson , tell me , please , in which your great strength lies , and with which you might be bound to afflict you .
behold , a certain lawyer stood up and tested him , saying , teacher , what shall i do to inherit eternal life ?
jonathan climbed up on his hands and on his feet , and his armor bearer after him : and they fell before jonathan ; and his armor bearer killed them after him .
let him turn away from evil , and do good . let him seek peace , and pursue it .
yet they tempted and rebelled against the most high god , and did n't keep his testimonies ;
the sons of the prophets said to elisha , see now , the place where we dwell before you is too strait for us .
it was so , when the days of their feasting had run their course , that job sent and sanctified them , and rose up early in the morning , and offered burnt offerings according to the number of them all . for job said , it may be that my sons have sinned , and renounced god in their hearts . thus did job continually .
and to love him with all the heart , and with all the understanding , with all the soul , and with all the strength , and to love his neighbor as himself , is more important than all whole burnt offerings and sacrifices .
because he considers , and turns away from all his transgressions that he has committed , he shall surely live , he shall not die .
open your doors , lebanon , that the fire may devour your cedars .
he shall sprinkle some of the blood on it with his finger seven times , and cleanse it , and make it holy from the uncleanness of the children of israel .
for john was not yet thrown into prison .
yes , you have borne the tent of your king and the shrine of your images , the star of your god , which you made for yourselves .
and saying , you who destroy the temple , and build it in three days , save yourself ! if you are the son of god , come down from the cross !
in whose hand is the life of every living thing , the breath of all mankind ?
the king sat on his seat , as at other times , even on the seat by the wall ; and jonathan stood up , and abner sat by saul 's side : but david 's place was empty .
some therefore cried one thing , and some another , for the assembly was in confusion . most of them did n't know why they had come together .
they said , has yahweh indeed spoken only with moses ? has n't he spoken also with us ? yahweh heard it .
and said , i beg you , yahweh , the god of heaven , the great and awesome god , who keeps covenant and loving kindness with those who love him and keep his commandments :
they made bells of pure gold , and put the bells between the pomegranates around the skirts of the robe , between the pomegranates ;
moses spoke to the children of israel ; and all their princes gave him rods , for each prince one , according to their fathers ' houses , even twelve rods : and the rod of aaron was among their rods .
fulfill your promise to your servant , that you may be feared .
he sent yet a third , and they also wounded him , and threw him out .
because they did n't obey the voice of yahweh their god , but transgressed his covenant , even all that moses the servant of yahweh commanded , and would not hear it , nor do it .
this house was finished on the third day of the month adar , which was in the sixth year of the reign of darius the king .
who satisfies your desire with good things , so that your youth is renewed like the eagle 's .
among the sons of the priests there were found who had married foreign women : namely , of the sons of jeshua , the son of jozadak , and his brothers , maaseiah , and eliezer , and jarib , and gedaliah .
their horses were seven hundred thirty - six ; their mules , two hundred forty - five ;
she put her hand to the tent peg , her right hand to the workmen 's hammer ; with the hammer she struck sisera , she struck through his head ; yes , she pierced and struck through his temples .
so i was left alone , and saw this great vision , and there remained no strength in me ; for my comeliness was turned in me into corruption , and i retained no strength .
and you shall love yahweh your god with all your heart , and with all your soul , and with all your might .
yahweh , god of armies , hear my prayer . listen , god of jacob . selah .
he commanded them , saying , this is what you shall tell my lord , esau : this is what your servant , jacob , says . i have lived as a foreigner with laban , and stayed until now .
but he said , on the contrary , blessed are those who hear the word of god , and keep it .
then the lust , when it has conceived , bears sin ; and the sin , when it is full grown , brings forth death .
it will be , that whoever will call on the name of the lord will be saved . '
at the end of the days which the king had appointed for bringing them in , the prince of the eunuchs brought them in before nebuchadnezzar .
the woman of tekoa said to the king , my lord , o king , the iniquity be on me , and on my father 's house ; and the king and his throne be guiltless .
your clothing did n't grow old on you , neither did your foot swell , these forty years .
as for the works of men , by the word of your lips i have kept myself from the ways of the violent .
behold , i will command , says yahweh , and cause them to return to this city ; and they shall fight against it , and take it , and burn it with fire : and i will make the cities of judah a desolation , without inhabitant .
he who is slow to anger has great understanding , but he who has a quick temper displays folly .
i made treasurers over the treasuries , shelemiah the priest , and zadok the scribe , and of the levites , pedaiah : and next to them was hanan the son of zaccur , the son of mattaniah ; for they were counted faithful , and their business was to distribute to their brothers .
then all the jews returned out of all places where they were driven , and came to the land of judah , to gedaliah , to mizpah , and gathered wine and summer fruits very much .
to a foreigner you may lend on interest ; but to your brother you shall not lend on interest , that yahweh your god may bless you in all that you put your hand to , in the land where you go in to possess it .
when the lord shall have washed away the filth of the daughters of zion , and shall have purged the blood of jerusalem from its midst , by the spirit of justice , and by the spirit of burning .
shecaniah the son of jehiel , one of the sons of elam , answered ezra , we have trespassed against our god , and have married foreign women of the peoples of the land : yet now there is hope for israel concerning this thing .
aaron returned to moses to the door of the tent of meeting : and the plague was stayed .
if we confess our sins , he is faithful and righteous to forgive us the sins , and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness .
the staff of his spear was like a weaver 's beam ; and his spear 's head weighed six hundred shekels of iron : and his shield bearer went before him .
and behold there was a man with a withered hand . they asked him , is it lawful to heal on the sabbath day ? that they might accuse him .
it happened the same night , that yahweh said to him , take your father 's bull , even the second bull seven years old , and throw down the altar of baal that your father has , and cut down the asherah that is by it ;
the pharisees came out and began to question him , seeking from him a sign from heaven , and testing him .
after him repaired the priests , the men of the plain .
for this cause i write these things while absent , that i may not deal sharply when present , according to the authority which the lord gave me for building up , and not for tearing down .
out of them shall proceed thanksgiving and the voice of those who make merry : and i will multiply them , and they shall not be few ; i will also glorify them , and they shall not be small .
those who fashion an engraved image are all of them vanity ; and the things that they delight in shall not profit ; and their own witnesses do n't see , nor know : that they may be disappointed .
thus says yahweh : behold , i will raise up against babylon , and against those who dwell in lebkamai , a destroying wind .
moses said , this is the thing which yahweh commanded that you should do : and the glory of yahweh shall appear to you .
behold , he speaks openly , and they say nothing to him . can it be that the rulers indeed know that this is truly the christ ?
in the fourth generation they will come here again , for the iniquity of the amorite is not yet full .
concerning this thing , i begged the lord three times that it might depart from me .
the name of the second , he called ephraim : for god has made me fruitful in the land of my affliction .
the people said to joshua , no ; but we will serve yahweh .
the rough male goat is the king of greece : and the great horn that is between his eyes is the first king .
when his armor bearer saw that saul was dead , he likewise fell on his sword , and died .
he said , brothers and fathers , listen . the god of glory appeared to our father abraham , when he was in mesopotamia , before he lived in haran ,
but woe to you who are rich ! for you have received your consolation .
gideon the son of joash died in a good old age , and was buried in the tomb of joash his father , in ophrah of the abiezrites .
stay with him a few days , until your brother 's fury turns away ;
the servants of achish said to him , is n't this david the king of the land ? did n't they sing one to another about him in dances , saying , saul has slain his thousands , david his ten thousands ? '
it happened , from the day that the ark abode in kiriath jearim , that the time was long ; for it was twenty years : and all the house of israel lamented after yahweh .
one of his disciples , andrew , simon peter 's brother , said to him ,
the woman answered , i have no husband . jesus said to her , you said well , i have no husband , '
but in the eighteenth year of king josiah was this passover kept to yahweh in jerusalem .
his eyes will be red with wine , his teeth white with milk .
will you harass a driven leaf ? will you pursue the dry stubble ?
good and upright is yahweh , therefore he will instruct sinners in the way .
now while paul waited for them at athens , his spirit was provoked within him as he saw the city full of idols .
his disciples said to him , if this is the case of the man with his wife , it is not expedient to marry .
their bulls breed without fail . their cows calve , and do n't miscarry .
one male goat for a sin offering ;
again , when i say to the wicked , you shall surely die ; if he turn from his sin , and do that which is lawful and right ;
these things have i spoken to you , so that you would n't be caused to stumble .
the pharisees therefore said to him , you testify about yourself . your testimony is not valid .
when hezekiah and the princes came and saw the heaps , they blessed yahweh , and his people israel .
then the priest shall command that they take out the stones in which is the plague , and cast them into an unclean place outside of the city :
as for the prince , he shall sit therein as prince to eat bread before yahweh ; he shall enter by the way of the porch of the gate , and shall go out by the way of the same .
god worked special miracles by the hands of paul ,
behold , a woman who had an issue of blood for twelve years came behind him , and touched the tassels of his garment ;
a workman has cast an image , and the goldsmith overlays it with gold , and casts silver chains for it .
yahweh said to moses , tell aaron , stretch out your rod , and strike the dust of the earth , that it may become lice throughout all the land of egypt . '
now the rest of the acts of menahem , and all that he did , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of israel ?
for death is come up into our windows , it is entered into our palaces ; to cut off the children from outside , and the young men from the streets .
he said , please show me your glory .
i made myself gardens and parks , and i planted trees in them of all kinds of fruit .
neither shall you covet your neighbor 's wife ; neither shall you desire your neighbor 's house , his field , or his male servant , or his female servant , his ox , or his donkey , or anything that is your neighbor 's .
we know that god has spoken to moses . but as for this man , we do n't know where he comes from .
their tents and their flocks shall they take ; they shall carry away for themselves their curtains , and all their vessels , and their camels ; and they shall cry to them , terror on every side !
he said to me , to build her a house in the land of shinar . when it is prepared , she will be set there in her own place .
judah sent the kid of the goats by the hand of his friend , the adullamite , to receive the pledge from the woman 's hand , but he did n't find her .
they came , both men and women , as many as were willing - hearted , and brought brooches , earrings , signet rings , and armlets , all jewels of gold ; even every man who offered an offering of gold to yahweh .
moses and eleazar the priest took the gold of them , even all worked jewels .
moses took the anointing oil , and anointed the tabernacle and all that was in it , and sanctified them .
so the king went over to gilgal , and chimham went over with him : and all the people of judah brought the king over , and also half the people of israel .
the man , the master of the house , went out to them , and said to them , no , my brothers , please do n't act so wickedly ; seeing that this man is come into my house , do n't do this folly .
because if our heart condemns us , god is greater than our heart , and knows all things .
we ca n't reach the almighty , he is exalted in power ; in justice and great righteousness he will not oppress .
joab the son of zeruiah was over the army ; and jehoshaphat the son of ahilud was recorder ;
but who can endure the day of his coming ? and who will stand when he appears ? for he is like a refiner 's fire , and like launderer 's soap ;
they answered that they did n't know where it was from .
the lord of that servant will come in a day when he does n't expect it , and in an hour when he does n't know it ,
who died for us , that , whether we wake or sleep , we should live together with him .
i made known to them your name , and will make it known ; that the love with which you loved me may be in them , and i in them .
and the peace of god , which surpasses all understanding , will guard your hearts and your thoughts in christ jesus .
the multitudes said , this is the prophet , jesus , from nazareth of galilee .
so then neither he who plants is anything , nor he who waters , but god who gives the increase .
for however many are the promises of god , in him is the yes . therefore also through him is the amen , to the glory of god through us .
he puts forth his hand on the flinty rock , and he overturns the mountains by the roots .
oh let the nations be glad and sing for joy , for you will judge the peoples with equity , and govern the nations on earth . selah .
outside of the inner gate were chambers for the singers in the inner court , which was at the side of the north gate ; and their prospect was toward the south ; one at the side of the east gate having the prospect toward the north .
you are my king , god . command victories for jacob !
i came this day to the spring , and said , yahweh , the god of my master abraham , if now you do prosper my way which i go
for yahweh your god walks in the midst of your camp , to deliver you , and to give up your enemies before you ; therefore shall your camp be holy , that he may not see an unclean thing in you , and turn away from you .
he went in also to rachel , and he loved also rachel more than leah , and served with him yet seven other years .
do to them as you did to midian , as to sisera , as to jabin , at the river kishon ;
then all the captains of the forces , and johanan the son of kareah , and jezaniah the son of hoshaiah , and all the people from the least even to the greatest , came near ,
if a man dies , shall he live again ? all the days of my warfare would i wait , until my release should come .
the magicians did in like manner with their enchantments , and brought up frogs on the land of egypt .
if you forsake yahweh , and serve foreign gods , then he will turn and do you evil , and consume you , after that he has done you good .
pour out your indignation on them . let the fierceness of your anger overtake them .
you divided the sea before them , so that they went through the midst of the sea on the dry land ; and their pursuers you did cast into the depths , as a stone into the mighty waters .
when paul wanted to enter in to the people , the disciples did n't allow him .
now the children of reuben and the children of gad had a very great multitude of livestock : and when they saw the land of jazer , and the land of gilead , that behold , the place was a place for livestock ;
of the teaching of baptisms , of laying on of hands , of resurrection of the dead , and of eternal judgment .
moreover yahweh your god will send the hornet among them , until those who are left , and hide themselves , perish from before you .
moses said to aaron , and to eleazar and to ithamar , his sons , do n't let the hair of your heads go loose , neither tear your clothes ; that you do n't die , and that he not be angry with all the congregation : but let your brothers , the whole house of israel , bewail the burning which yahweh has kindled .
he who says he is in the light and hates his brother , is in the darkness even until now .
lod , and ono , the valley of craftsmen .
when you are in oppression , and all these things are come on you , in the latter days you shall return to yahweh your god , and listen to his voice :
i , tertius , who write the letter , greet you in the lord .
you who tell good news to zion , go up on a high mountain . you who tell good news to jerusalem , lift up your voice with strength . lift it up . do n't be afraid . say to the cities of judah , behold , your god !
he who oppresses the poor shows contempt for his maker , but he who is kind to the needy honors him .
for wherever the carcass is , there will the vultures be gathered together .
kedemoth with its suburbs , and mephaath with its suburbs ; four cities .
the fortress shall cease from ephraim , and the kingdom from damascus , and the remnant of syria . they will be as the glory of the children of israel , says yahweh of armies .
for the land , where you go in to possess it , is n't as the land of egypt , from whence you came out , where you sowed your seed , and watered it with your foot , as a garden of herbs ;
therefore the wild animals of the desert with the wolves shall dwell there , and the ostriches shall dwell therein : and it shall be no more inhabited forever ; neither shall it be lived in from generation to generation .
but a whole month , until it come out at your nostrils , and it be loathsome to you ; because that you have rejected yahweh who is among you , and have wept before him , saying , why came we forth out of egypt ?
behold , he spreads his light around him . he covers the bottom of the sea .
for he was wiser than all men ; than ethan the ezrahite , and heman , and calcol , and darda , the sons of mahol : and his fame was in all the nations round about .
he said to the king of israel , put your hand on the bow ; and he put his hand on it . elisha laid his hands on the king 's hands .
now therefore call to me all the prophets of baal , all his worshippers , and all his priests ; let none be wanting : for i have a great sacrifice to do to baal ; whoever shall be wanting , he shall not live . but jehu did it in subtlety , to the intent that he might destroy the worshippers of baal .
but if he ca n't afford two turtledoves , or two young pigeons , then he shall bring his offering for that in which he has sinned , the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour for a sin offering . he shall put no oil on it , neither shall he put any frankincense on it , for it is a sin offering .
which is easier to say , your sins are forgiven you ; ' or to say , arise and walk ? '
but he said to them , you give them something to eat . they said , we have no more than five loaves and two fish , unless we should go and buy food for all these people .
but ahaz said , i will not ask , neither will i tempt yahweh .
then david the king went in , and sat before yahweh ; and he said , who am i , yahweh god , and what is my house , that you have brought me thus far ?
the man said , this is now bone of my bones , and flesh of my flesh . she will be called woman , because she was taken out of man .
on the three and twentieth day of the seventh month he sent the people away to their tents , joyful and glad of heart for the goodness that yahweh had shown to david , and to solomon , and to israel his people .
( all of which perish with use ) , according to the precepts and doctrines of men ?
therefore will i also deal in wrath ; my eye shall not spare , neither will i have pity ; and though they cry in my ears with a loud voice , yet will i not hear them .
by patience a ruler is persuaded . a soft tongue breaks the bone .
the caravans that travel beside them turn aside ; they go up into the waste , and perish .
not boasting beyond proper limits in other men 's labors , but having hope that as your faith grows , we will be abundantly enlarged by you in our sphere of influence ,
it happened , when the captains of the chariots saw jehoshaphat , that they said , it is the king of israel . therefore they turned about to fight against him : but jehoshaphat cried out , and yahweh helped him ; and god moved them to depart from him .
their redeemer is strong ; yahweh of armies is his name : he will thoroughly plead their cause , that he may give rest to the earth , and disquiet the inhabitants of babylon .
then said i in my heart , as it happens to the fool , so will it happen even to me ; and why was i then more wise ? then said i in my heart that this also is vanity .
when she had said this , she turned around and saw jesus standing , and did n't know that it was jesus .
be of good courage , and let us play the man for our people , and for the cities of our god : and yahweh do that which seems him good .
because yahweh was not able to bring this people into the land which he swore to them , therefore he has slain them in the wilderness .
to fulfill the word of yahweh by the mouth of jeremiah , until the land had enjoyed its sabbaths : for as long as it lay desolate it kept sabbath , to fulfill seventy years .
but all their works they do to be seen by men . they make their phylacteries broad , enlarge the fringes of their garments ,
so , because you are lukewarm , and neither hot nor cold , i will vomit you out of my mouth .
again he said , to what shall i compare the kingdom of god ?
they made two settings of gold , and two gold rings , and put the two rings on the two ends of the breastplate .
whatever shall touch its flesh shall be holy . when there is any of its blood sprinkled on a garment , you shall wash that on which it was sprinkled in a holy place .
for they all saw him , and were troubled . but he immediately spoke with them , and said to them , cheer up ! it is i ! do n't be afraid .
you daughters of israel , weep over saul , who clothed you in scarlet delicately , who put ornaments of gold on your clothing .
he said to her , what do you want ? she said to him , command that these , my two sons , may sit , one on your right hand , and one on your left hand , in your kingdom .
many of the multitude therefore , when they heard these words , said , this is truly the prophet .
david called one of the young men , and said , go near , and fall on him . he struck him , so that he died .
of asher he said , blessed be asher with children ; let him be acceptable to his brothers , let him dip his foot in oil .
behold , how great a love the father has bestowed on us , that we should be called children of god ! for this cause the world does n't know us , because it did n't know him .
her sister oholibah saw this , yet was she more corrupt in her doting than she , and in her prostitution which were more than the prostitution of her sister .
when aaron lights the lamps at evening , he shall burn it , a perpetual incense before yahweh throughout your generations .
the wicked , in the pride of his face , has no room in his thoughts for god .
he shall sprinkle on him who is to be cleansed from the leprosy seven times , and shall pronounce him clean , and shall let the living bird go into the open field .
this land we took in possession at that time : from aroer , which is by the valley of the arnon , and half the hill country of gilead , and the cities of it , gave i to the reubenites and to the gadites :
which , when it was filled , they drew up on the beach . they sat down , and gathered the good into containers , but the bad they threw away .
it will happen at that time , that i will search jerusalem with lamps , and i will punish the men who are settled on their dregs , who say in their heart , yahweh will not do good , neither will he do evil .
so the priests , and the levites , and the porters , and the singers , and some of the people , and the nethinim , and all israel , lived in their cities . when the seventh month was come , the children of israel were in their cities .
if his father have no brothers , then you shall give his inheritance to his kinsman who is next to him of his family , and he shall possess it : and it shall be to the children of israel a statute and ordinance , as yahweh commanded moses .
samuel said to him , yahweh has torn the kingdom of israel from you this day , and has given it to a neighbor of yours who is better than you .
each one went straight forward : where the spirit was to go , they went ; they did n't turn when they went .
he arose , and came to his father . but while he was still far off , his father saw him , and was moved with compassion , and ran , and fell on his neck , and kissed him .
but we are not of those who shrink back to destruction , but of those who have faith to the saving of the soul .
the sound of the wings of the cherubim was heard even to the outer court , as the voice of god almighty when he speaks .
joy comes to a man with the reply of his mouth . how good is a word at the right time !
that they may know that this is your hand ; that you , yahweh , have done it .
therefore shall you serve your enemies whom yahweh shall send against you , in hunger , and in thirst , and in nakedness , and in want of all things : and he shall put a yoke of iron on your neck , until he have destroyed you .
for the fruit of the spirit is in all goodness and righteousness and truth ,
they will by no means follow a stranger , but will flee from him ; for they do n't know the voice of strangers .
yahweh spoke to moses in the wilderness of sinai , in the first month of the second year after they had come out of the land of egypt , saying ,
if anyone sins , in that he hears the voice of adjuration , he being a witness , whether he has seen or known , if he does n't report it , then he shall bear his iniquity .
i say that your counsel and strength for the war are only vain words . now in whom do you trust , that you have rebelled against me ?
abner had communication with the elders of israel , saying , in times past you sought for david to be king over you :
the crucible is for silver , and the furnace for gold ; but man is refined by his praise .
but of the son he says , your throne , o god , is forever and ever ; the scepter of uprightness is the scepter of your kingdom .
you shall give to the priests the levites who are of the seed of zadok , who are near to me , to minister to me , says the lord yahweh , a young bull for a sin offering .
and to the angel of the assembly in sardis write : he who has the seven spirits of god , and the seven stars says these things : i know your works , that you have a reputation of being alive , but you are dead .
my son , do n't forget my teaching ; but let your heart keep my commandments :
their houses are safe from fear , neither is the rod of god upon them .
then we told them after this manner , what the names of the men were who were making this building .
here is the patience of the saints , those who keep the commandments of god , and the faith of jesus .
the ark of the testimony with its poles , the mercy seat ,
this ezra went up from babylon : and he was a ready scribe in the law of moses , which yahweh , the god of israel , had given ; and the king granted him all his request , according to the hand of yahweh his god on him .
he dealt well with abram for her sake . he had sheep , oxen , male donkeys , male servants , female servants , female donkeys , and camels .
the refining pot is for silver , and the furnace for gold , but yahweh tests the hearts .
but whoever keeps his word , god 's love has most assuredly been perfected in him . this is how we know that we are in him :
it happened on the next day after the new moon , which was the second day , that david 's place was empty : and saul said to jonathan his son , why does n't the son of jesse come to meat , neither yesterday , nor today ?
but to each one of us was the grace given according to the measure of the gift of christ .
those who worship the army of the sky on the housetops , those who worship and swear by yahweh and also swear by malcam ,
he who hates me , hates my father also .
i will fill its mountains with its slain : in your hills and in your valleys and in all your watercourses shall they fall who are slain with the sword .
behold , an angel of the lord stood by them , and the glory of the lord shone around them , and they were terrified .
if the plague comes again , and breaks out in the house , after he has taken out the stones , and after he has scraped the house , and after it was plastered ;
offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving of that which is leavened , and proclaim free will offerings and brag about them : for this pleases you , you children of israel , says the lord yahweh .
having been made perfect , he became to all of those who obey him the author of eternal salvation ,
commit your way to yahweh . trust also in him , and he will do this :
for an angel of the lord went down at certain times into the pool , and stirred up the water . whoever stepped in first after the stirring of the water was made whole of whatever disease he had .
jesus said to them , i am the bread of life . he who comes to me will not be hungry , and he who believes in me will never be thirsty .
he will say , where are their gods , the rock in which they took refuge ;
do n't you consider what this people has spoken , saying , the two families which yahweh did choose , he has cast them off ? thus do they despise my people , that they should be no more a nation before them .
even in the third year of asa king of judah did baasha kill him , and reigned in his place .
your renown went forth among the nations for your beauty ; for it was perfect , through my majesty which i had put on you , says the lord yahweh .
i said , you are gods , all of you are sons of the most high .
for thus says yahweh , the god of israel , the jar of meal shall not empty , neither shall the jar of oil fail , until the day that yahweh sends rain on the earth .
but paul said to them , they have beaten us publicly , without a trial , men who are romans , and have cast us into prison ! do they now release us secretly ? no , most assuredly , but let them come themselves and bring us out !
a voice of the wailing of the shepherds ! for their glory is destroyed : a voice of the roaring of young lions ! for the pride of the jordan is ruined .
we have the more sure word of prophecy ; whereunto you do well that you take heed , as to a lamp shining in a dark place , until the day dawns , and the morning star arises in your hearts :
and the priest shall offer the burnt offering and the meal offering on the altar . the priest shall make atonement for him , and he shall be clean .
all the instruments of the tent in all its service , and all the pins of it , and all the pins of the court , shall be of brass .
yes , the sparrow has found a home , and the swallow a nest for herself , where she may have her young , near your altars , yahweh of armies , my king , and my god .
this saying is faithful and worthy of all acceptance .
for yahweh of armies , who planted you , has pronounced evil against you , because of the evil of the house of israel and of the house of judah , which they have worked for themselves in provoking me to anger by offering incense to baal .
however much she glorified herself , and grew wanton , so much give her of torment and mourning . for she says in her heart , i sit a queen , and am no widow , and will in no way see mourning . '
sing , you heavens , for yahweh has done it ; shout , you lower parts of the earth ; break forth into singing , you mountains , o forest , and every tree therein : for yahweh has redeemed jacob , and will glorify himself in israel .
for you need endurance so that , having done the will of god , you may receive the promise .
in all the land were no women found so beautiful as the daughters of job . their father gave them an inheritance among their brothers .
the noise of the whip , the noise of the rattling of wheels , prancing horses , and bounding chariots ,
they led jesus away to the high priest . all the chief priests , the elders , and the scribes came together with him .
do n't you yet perceive , neither remember the five loaves for the five thousand , and how many baskets you took up ?
unless it is for this one thing that i cried standing among them , concerning the resurrection of the dead i am being judged before you today ! '
the man grew great , and grew more and more until he became very great .
the people said to joshua , yahweh our god will we serve , and to his voice will we listen .
he killed of edom in the valley of salt ten thousand , and took sela by war , and called the name of it joktheel , to this day .
he said to them , is it lawful on the sabbath day to do good , or to do harm ? to save a life , or to kill ? but they were silent .
the house which king solomon built for yahweh , the length of it was sixty cubits , and the breadth of it twenty cubits , and the height of it thirty cubits .
he is like a man building a house , who dug and went deep , and laid a foundation on the rock . when a flood arose , the stream broke against that house , and could not shake it , because it was founded on the rock .
but if you will not listen to me to make the sabbath day holy , and not to bear a burden and enter in at the gates of jerusalem on the sabbath day ; then will i kindle a fire in the gates of it , and it shall devour the palaces of jerusalem , and it shall not be quenched .
at that time , jesus went on the sabbath day through the grain fields . his disciples were hungry and began to pluck heads of grain and to eat .
having condemnation , because they have rejected their first pledge .
and i thank him who enabled me , christ jesus our lord , because he counted me faithful , appointing me to service ;
for we must needs die , and are as water split on the ground , which ca n't be gathered up again ; neither does god take away life , but devises means , that he who is banished not be an outcast from him .
when you rebuke and correct man for iniquity , you consume his wealth like a moth . surely every man is but a breath . selah .
with the merciful you will show yourself merciful . with the perfect man , you will show yourself perfect .
let the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be acceptable in your sight , yahweh , my rock , and my redeemer .
for who is god , except yahweh ? who is a rock , besides our god ,
saul saw and knew that yahweh was with david ; and michal , saul 's daughter , loved him .
he made the ephod of gold , blue , purple , scarlet , and fine twined linen .
but yahweh , who brought you up out of the land of egypt with great power and with an outstretched arm , him shall you fear , and to him shall you bow yourselves , and to him shall you sacrifice :
this was a small thing in your eyes , god ; but you have spoken of your servant 's house for a great while to come , and have regarded me according to the estate of a man of high degree , yahweh god .
why are you in despair , my soul ? why are you disturbed within me ? hope in god ! for i shall still praise him , the saving help of my countenance , and my god .
thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel : go , and tell the men of judah and the inhabitants of jerusalem , will you not receive instruction to listen to my words ? says yahweh .
the way of the wicked is an abomination to yahweh , but he loves him who follows after righteousness .
there was no day like that before it or after it , that yahweh listened to the voice of a man : for yahweh fought for israel .
when i tell the wicked , you shall surely die ; and you give him no warning , nor speak to warn the wicked from his wicked way , to save his life ; the same wicked man shall die in his iniquity ; but his blood will i require at your hand .
he entered again into the synagogue , and there was a man there who had his hand withered .
there is a river , the streams of which make the city of god glad , the holy place of the tents of the most high .
they have all turned aside . they have together become unprofitable . there is no one who does good , no , not , so much as one .
it is better to dwell in the corner of the housetop , than to share a house with a contentious woman .
for if we had n't delayed , surely we would have returned a second time by now .
it shall be that , when they enter in at the gates of the inner court , they shall be clothed with linen garments ; and no wool shall come on them , while they minister in the gates of the inner court , and within .
it happened in the morning watch , that yahweh looked out on the egyptian army through the pillar of fire and of cloud , and confused the egyptian army .
yahweh delivered to me the two tables of stone written with the finger of god ; and on them was written according to all the words , which yahweh spoke with you on the mountain out of the midst of the fire in the day of the assembly .
in his humiliation , his judgment was taken away . who will declare his generation ? for his life is taken from the earth .
now let a little water be fetched , wash your feet , and rest yourselves under the tree .
you blind guides , who strain out a gnat , and swallow a camel !
let pharaoh do this , and let him appoint overseers over the land , and take up the fifth part of the land of egypt 's produce in the seven plenteous years .
aaron shall be gathered to his people ; for he shall not enter into the land which i have given to the children of israel , because you rebelled against my word at the waters of meribah .
in the plain of the jordan did the king cast them , in the clay ground between succoth and zeredah .
for i will restore health to you , and i will heal you of your wounds , says yahweh ; because they have called you an outcast , saying , it is zion , whom no man seeks after .
i am the vine . you are the branches . he who remains in me , and i in him , the same bears much fruit , for apart from me you can do nothing .
they stirred up the people , the elders , and the scribes , and came against him and seized him , and brought him in to the council ,
these four were born to the giant in gath ; and they fell by the hand of david , and by the hand of his servants .
his parents went every year to jerusalem at the feast of the passover .
you uncovered your bow . you called for your sworn arrows . selah . you split the earth with rivers .
you shall walk in all the way which yahweh your god has commanded you , that you may live , and that it may be well with you , and that you may prolong your days in the land which you shall possess .
but when this , your son , came , who has devoured your living with prostitutes , you killed the fattened calf for him . '
they were astonished beyond measure , saying , he has done all things well . he makes even the deaf hear , and the mute speak !
jacob lifted up his eyes , and looked , and , behold , esau was coming , and with him four hundred men . he divided the children between leah , rachel , and the two handmaids .
i will observe your statutes . do n't utterly forsake me . beit
all those who were numbered of the levites , whom moses and aaron and the princes of israel numbered , by their families , and by their fathers ' houses ,
for he has strengthened the bars of your gates . he has blessed your children within you .
and led him to annas first , for he was father - in - law to caiaphas , who was high priest that year .
one of his servants answered , please let some take five of the horses that remain , which are left in the city ( behold , they are as all the multitude of israel who are left in it ; behold , they are as all the multitude of israel who are consumed ) ; and let us send and see .
his power shall be mighty , but not by his own power ; and he shall destroy wonderfully , and shall prosper and do his pleasure ; and he shall destroy the mighty ones and the holy people .
the name of the other was eliezer , for he said , my father 's god was my help and delivered me from pharaoh 's sword .
when its boughs are withered , they will be broken off . the women will come and set them on fire , for they are a people of no understanding . therefore he who made them will not have compassion on them , and he who formed them will show them no favor .
but if the bright spot stays in its place , and has n't spread , it is the scar from the boil ; and the priest shall pronounce him clean .
whatever yahweh pleased , that he has done , in heaven and in earth , in the seas and in all deeps ;
and i will shake all nations . the precious things of all nations will come , and i will fill this house with glory , says yahweh of armies .
i will be his father , and he shall be my son : and i will not take my loving kindness away from him , as i took it from him that was before you ;
seeing a fig tree by the road , he came to it , and found nothing on it but leaves . he said to it , let there be no fruit from you forever ! immediately the fig tree withered away .
he called the multitude to himself with his disciples , and said to them , whoever wants to come after me , let him deny himself , and take up his cross , and follow me .
i will make jerusalem heaps , a dwelling place of jackals ; and i will make the cities of judah a desolation , without inhabitant .
i am not worthy of the least of all the loving kindnesses , and of all the truth , which you have shown to your servant ; for with just my staff i passed over this jordan ; and now i have become two companies .
joshua rose up early in the morning ; and they removed from shittim , and came to the jordan , he and all the children of israel ; and they lodged there before they passed over .
samson said to them , this time shall i be blameless in regard of the philistines , when i do them a mischief .
but in mount zion , there will be those who escape , and it will be holy . the house of jacob will possess their possessions .
it happened at that time , when eli was laid down in his place ( now his eyes had begun to grow dim , so that he could not see ) ,
for this cause it is of faith , that it may be according to grace , to the end that the promise may be sure to all the seed , not to that only which is of the law , but to that also which is of the faith of abraham , who is the father of us all .
it came to pass in the seven and twentieth year , in the first month , in the first day of the month , the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
he made ready his chariot , and took his army with him ;
he spoke to the man clothed in linen , and said , go in between the whirling wheels , even under the cherub , and fill both your hands with coals of fire from between the cherubim , and scatter them over the city . he went in as i watched .
you shall betroth a wife , and another man shall lie with her : you shall build a house , and you shall not dwell therein : you shall plant a vineyard , and shall not use the fruit of it .
and saying , where is the promise of his coming ? for , from the day that the fathers fell asleep , all things continue as they were from the beginning of the creation .
these , therefore , came to philip , who was from bethsaida of galilee , and asked him , saying , sir , we want to see jesus .
for i tell you that to everyone who has , will more be given ; but from him who does n't have , even that which he has will be taken away from him .
he struck them hip and thigh with a great slaughter : and he went down and lived in the cleft of the rock of etam .
to another faith , by the same spirit ; and to another gifts of healings , by the same spirit ;
be prepared , yes , prepare yourself , you , and all your companies who are assembled to you , and be a guard to them .
yahweh preserves all those who love him , but all the wicked he will destroy .
nor the seven loaves for the four thousand , and how many baskets you took up ?
by the rivers of babylon , there we sat down . yes , we wept , when we remembered zion .
and the levite , because he has no portion nor inheritance with you , and the foreigner living among you , and the fatherless , and the widow , who are within your gates , shall come , and shall eat and be satisfied ; that yahweh your god may bless you in all the work of your hand which you do .
they were distressed because they were confident ; they came there , and were confounded .
so he brought down the people to the water : and yahweh said to gideon , everyone who laps of the water with his tongue , as a dog laps , him shall you set by himself ; likewise everyone who bows down on his knees to drink .
every vow , and every binding oath to afflict the soul , her husband may establish it , or her husband may make it void .
when he had looked around at them with anger , being grieved at the hardening of their hearts , he said to the man , stretch out your hand . he stretched it out , and his hand was restored as healthy as the other .
yahweh spoke to moses that same day , saying ,
they are foam on the surface of the waters . their portion is cursed in the earth : they do n't turn into the way of the vineyards .
they die in youth . their life perishes among the unclean .
for israel has forgotten his maker and built palaces ; and judah has multiplied fortified cities ; but i will send a fire on his cities , and it will devour its fortresses .
so then the lord jesus , after he had spoken to them , was received up into heaven , and sat down at the right hand of god .
you afflicted , tossed with tempest , and not comforted , behold , i will set your stones in beautiful colors , and lay your foundations with sapphires .
when you cry , let those who you have gathered deliver you ; but the wind shall take them , a breath shall carry them all away : but he who takes refuge in me shall possess the land , and shall inherit my holy mountain .
therefore i will judge you , house of israel , everyone according to his ways , says the lord yahweh . return you , and turn yourselves from all your transgressions ; so iniquity shall not be your ruin .
all who heard him were amazed at his understanding and his answers .
in the plain of the jordan did the king cast them , in the clay ground between succoth and zarethan .
he measured the length of it , twenty cubits , and the breadth , twenty cubits , before the temple : and he said to me , this is the most holy place .
saul was very angry , and this saying displeased him ; and he said , they have ascribed to david ten thousands , and to me they have ascribed but thousands : and what can he have more but the kingdom ?
you shall fear yahweh your god ; and him shall you serve , and shall swear by his name .
he cried with a mighty voice , saying , fallen , fallen is babylon the great , and she has become a habitation of demons , a prison of every unclean spirit , and a prison of every unclean and hateful bird !
without faith it is impossible to be well pleasing to him , for he who comes to god must believe that he exists , and that he is a rewarder of those who seek him .
yet for all that , when they are in the land of their enemies , i will not reject them , neither will i abhor them , to destroy them utterly , and to break my covenant with them ; for i am yahweh their god ;
but watch yourselves , for they will deliver you up to councils . you will be beaten in synagogues . you will stand before rulers and kings for my sake , for a testimony to them .
surely then shall you lift up your face without spot ; yes , you shall be steadfast , and shall not fear :
as he sat on the mount of olives opposite the temple , peter , james , john , and andrew asked him privately ,
egypt rises up like the nile , and his waters toss themselves like the rivers : and he says , i will rise up , i will cover the earth ; i will destroy cities and the inhabitants of it .
then pharaoh said to him , but what have you lacked with me , that behold , you seek to go to your own country ? he answered , nothing : however only let me depart .
he said to me , daniel , you man greatly beloved , understand the words that i speak to you , and stand upright ; for to you am i now sent . when he had spoken this word to me , i stood trembling .
then joram passed over to zair , and all his chariots with him : and he rose up by night , and struck the edomites who surrounded him , and the captains of the chariots ; and the people fled to their tents .
the elder and the honorable man is the head , and the prophet who teaches lies is the tail .
give diligence to present yourself approved by god , a workman who does n't need to be ashamed , properly handling the word of truth .
holding up the word of life ; that i may have something to boast in the day of christ , that i did n't run in vain nor labor in vain .
that the cities which huram had given to solomon , solomon built them , and caused the children of israel to dwell there .
give thanks to yahweh with the lyre . sing praises to him with the harp of ten strings .
gathering together all the chief priests and scribes of the people , he asked them where the christ would be born .
awake , sword , against my shepherd , and against the man who is close to me , says yahweh of armies . strike the shepherd , and the sheep will be scattered ; and i will turn my hand against the little ones .
when all israel saw that the king did n't listen to them , the people answered the king , saying , what portion have we in david ? neither have we inheritance in the son of jesse : to your tents , israel : now see to your own house , david . so israel departed to their tents .
now therefore take twelve men out of the tribes of israel , for every tribe a man .
they said to joshua , we are your servants . joshua said to them , who are you ? and from whence come you ?
remember now , yahweh , i beg you , how i have walked before you in truth and with a perfect heart , and have done that which is good in your sight . hezekiah wept sore .
for as through the one man 's disobedience many were made sinners , even so through the obedience of the one will many be made righteous .
and you shall give the money , with which the remainder of them is redeemed , to aaron and to his sons .
a devout man , and one who feared god with all his house , who gave gifts for the needy generously to the people , and always prayed to god .
he had a son , whose name was saul , an impressive young man ; and there was not among the children of israel a better person than he . from his shoulders and upward he was higher than any of the people .
samuel said to saul , why have you disquieted me , to bring me up ? saul answered , i am sore distressed ; for the philistines make war against me , and god is departed from me , and answers me no more , neither by prophets , nor by dreams : therefore i have called you , that you may make known to me what i shall do .
but jesus said to him , follow me , and leave the dead to bury their own dead .
now the word of yahweh came to jonah the son of amittai , saying ,
then will i make this house like shiloh , and will make this city a curse to all the nations of the earth .
my soul still remembers them , and is bowed down within me .
but david had brought the ark of god up from kiriath jearim to the place that david had prepared for it ; for he had pitched a tent for it at jerusalem .
to shine on those who sit in darkness and the shadow of death ; to guide our feet into the way of peace .
for i lift up my hand to heaven , and say , as i live forever ,
even a fool , when he keeps silent , is counted wise . when he shuts his lips , he is thought to be discerning .
also solomon sits on the throne of the kingdom .
the field , and the cave that is in it , were deeded to abraham for a possession of a burying place by the children of heth .
but when his heart was lifted up , and his spirit was hardened so that he dealt proudly , he was deposed from his kingly throne , and they took his glory from him :
jacob took to himself rods of fresh poplar , almond , plane tree , peeled white streaks in them , and made the white appear which was in the rods .
for such as are blessed by him shall inherit the land . those who are cursed by him shall be cut off .
there they were in great fear , for god is in the generation of the righteous .
he gave over their livestock also to the hail , and their flocks to hot thunderbolts .
it happened , in process of time , at the end of two years , that his bowels fell out by reason of his sickness , and he died of sore diseases . his people made no burning for him , like the burning of his fathers .
so then , my beloved , even as you have always obeyed , not only in my presence , but now much more in my absence , work out your own salvation with fear and trembling .
for on the first day of the first month began he to go up from babylon ; and on the first day of the fifth month came he to jerusalem , according to the good hand of his god on him .
go , and gather the elders of israel together , and tell them , yahweh , the god of your fathers , the god of abraham , of isaac , and of jacob , has appeared to me , saying , i have surely visited you , and seen that which is done to you in egypt ;
but he who hates his brother is in the darkness , and walks in the darkness , and does n't know where he is going , because the darkness has blinded his eyes .
the appointed charge of the sons of merari shall be the tabernacle 's boards , its bars , its pillars , its sockets , all its instruments , all its service ,
therefore neither the priests of dagon , nor any who come into dagon 's house , tread on the threshold of dagon in ashdod , to this day .
i am afraid for you , that i might have wasted my labor for you .
even the god who executes vengeance for me , who brings down peoples under me ,
and he said , if you will diligently listen to the voice of yahweh your god , and will do that which is right in his eyes , and will pay attention to his commandments , and keep all his statutes , i will put none of the diseases on you , which i have put on the egyptians ; for i am yahweh who heals you .
he made the altar of burnt offering of acacia wood . it was square . its length was five cubits , its breadth was five cubits , and its height was three cubits .
for thus says yahweh : like as i have brought all this great evil on this people , so will i bring on them all the good that i have promised them .
but i must die in this land , i must not go over the jordan ; but you shall go over , and possess that good land .
pharaoh said , i will let you go , that you may sacrifice to yahweh your god in the wilderness , only you shall not go very far away . pray for me .
these are the statutes and the ordinances which you shall observe to do in the land which yahweh , the god of your fathers , has given you to possess it , all the days that you live on the earth .
and their king will go into captivity , he and his princes together , says yahweh .
then job answered ,
the wicked shall be turned back to sheol , even all the nations that forget god .
for yahweh your god is he who goes with you , to fight for you against your enemies , to save you .
nevertheless you shall not build the house ; but your son who shall come forth out of your body , he shall build the house for my name .
there went forth a wind from yahweh , and brought quails from the sea , and let them fall by the camp , about a day 's journey on this side , and a day 's journey on the other side , round about the camp , and about two cubits above the surface of the earth .
hiram king of tyre sent messengers to david , and cedar trees , and masons , and carpenters , to build him a house .
yahweh is my light and my salvation . whom shall i fear ? yahweh is the strength of my life . of whom shall i be afraid ?
you shall not eat it ; that it may go well with you , and with your children after you , when you shall do that which is right in the eyes of yahweh .
beloved , do n't believe every spirit , but test the spirits , whether they are of god , because many false prophets have gone out into the world .
the cloud removed from over the tent ; and behold , miriam was leprous , as white as snow : and aaron looked at miriam , and behold , she was leprous .
wail , you shepherds , and cry ; and wallow in ashes , you principal of the flock ; for the days of your slaughter and of your dispersions are fully come , and you shall fall like a goodly vessel .
now i mean this , that each one of you says , i follow paul , i follow apollos , i follow cephas , and , i follow christ .
for thus says yahweh who created the heavens , the god who formed the earth and made it , who established it and did n't create it a waste , who formed it to be inhabited : i am yahweh ; and there is no one else .
if they be ashamed of all that they have done , make known to them the form of the house , and the fashion of it , and the exits of it , and the entrances of it , and all the forms of it , and all the ordinances of it , and all the forms of it , and all the laws of it ; and write it in their sight ; that they may keep the whole form of it , and all the ordinances of it , and do them .
they took every man his censer , and put fire in them , and laid incense thereon , and stood at the door of the tent of meeting with moses and aaron .
for they refreshed my spirit and yours . therefore acknowledge those who are like that .
woe to you ! for you build the tombs of the prophets , and your fathers killed them .
therefore , i tell you , do n't be anxious for your life : what you will eat , or what you will drink ; nor yet for your body , what you will wear . is n't life more than food , and the body more than clothing ?
what one nation in the earth is like your people israel , whom god went to redeem to himself for a people , to make you a name by great and awesome things , in driving out nations from before your people , whom you redeem out of egypt ?
david said to solomon his son , be strong and of good courage , and do it : do n't be afraid , nor be dismayed ; for yahweh god , even my god , is with you ; he will not fail you , nor forsake you , until all the work for the service of the house of yahweh is finished .
there was much murmuring among the multitudes concerning him . some said , he is a good man . others said , not so , but he leads the multitude astray .
it grieves me that i have set up saul to be king ; for he is turned back from following me , and has not performed my commandments . samuel was angry ; and he cried to yahweh all night .
the children of benjamin did not drive out the jebusites who inhabited jerusalem ; but the jebusites dwell with the children of benjamin in jerusalem to this day .
others , testing him , sought from him a sign from heaven .
she lay at his feet until the morning . she rose up before one could discern another . for he said , let it not be known that the woman came to the threshing floor .
now we know that you know all things , and do n't need for anyone to question you . by this we believe that you came forth from god .
he said to them , go and tell that fox , behold , i cast out demons and perform cures today and tomorrow , and the third day i complete my mission .
you came down also on mount sinai , and spoke with them from heaven , and gave them right ordinances and true laws , good statutes and commandments ,
thus shall you say to the prophet , what has yahweh answered you ? and , what has yahweh spoken ?
then the king of israel called an officer , and said , get quickly micaiah the son of imla .
that they may know from the rising of the sun , and from the west , that there is none besides me : i am yahweh , and there is no one else .
all your enemies have opened their mouth wide against you ; they hiss and gnash the teeth ; they say , we have swallowed her up ; certainly this is the day that we looked for ; we have found , we have seen it .
but all these things are the beginning of birth pains .
he brought aaron 's sons ; and moses put some of the blood on the tip of their right ear , and on the thumb of their right hand , and on the great toe of their right foot ; and moses sprinkled the blood on the altar round about .
those who were numbered of them , according to the number of all the males , from a month old and upward , were six thousand two hundred .
god 's temple that is in heaven was opened , and the ark of the lord 's covenant was seen in his temple . lightnings , sounds , thunders , an earthquake , and great hail followed .
suddenly looking around , they saw no one with them any more , except jesus only .
for the head of syria is damascus , and the head of damascus is rezin ; and within sixty - five years ephraim shall be broken in pieces , so that it shall not be a people ;
the priest shall examine him on the seventh day . if it has spread in the skin , then the priest shall pronounce him unclean . it is the plague of leprosy .
in a controversy they shall stand to judge ; according to my ordinances shall they judge it : and they shall keep my laws and my statutes in all my appointed feasts ; and they shall make my sabbaths holy .
and he went down with them , and came to nazareth . he was subject to them , and his mother kept all these sayings in her heart .
for we will not inherit with them on the other side of the jordan , and forward ; because our inheritance is fallen to us on this side of the jordan eastward .
surely i would speak to the almighty . i desire to reason with god .
they said , yahweh , the god of israel , why has this happened in israel , that there should be today one tribe lacking in israel ?
for when they went up to the valley of eshcol , and saw the land , they discouraged the heart of the children of israel , that they should not go into the land which yahweh had given them .
on the south side shall be the standard of the camp of reuben according to their divisions . the prince of the children of reuben shall be elizur the son of shedeur .
notwithstanding hezekiah humbled himself for the pride of his heart , both he and the inhabitants of jerusalem , so that the wrath of yahweh did n't come on them in the days of hezekiah .
if the avenger of blood pursue after him , then they shall not deliver up the manslayer into his hand ; because he struck his neighbor unawares , and did n't hate him before .
when one told me , saying , behold , saul is dead , thinking to have brought good news , i took hold of him , and killed him in ziklag , which was the reward i gave him for his news .
you shall make them linen breeches to cover the flesh of their nakedness ; from the waist even to the thighs they shall reach :
you make us a byword among the nations , a shaking of the head among the peoples .
solomon sought therefore to kill jeroboam ; but jeroboam arose , and fled into egypt , to shishak king of egypt , and was in egypt until the death of solomon .
this is what yahweh of armies says : these people say , the time has n't yet come , the time for yahweh 's house to be built . '
they struck of moab at that time about ten thousand men , every lusty man , and every man of valor ; and there escaped not a man .
blessed be yahweh , my rock , who teaches my hands to war , and my fingers to battle :
you , son of man , prophesy , and say , thus says the lord yahweh concerning the children of ammon , and concerning their reproach ; and say you , a sword , a sword is drawn , for the slaughter it is furbished , to cause it to devour , that it may be as lightning ;
jehoash slept with his fathers , and was buried in samaria with the kings of israel ; and jeroboam his son reigned in his place .
of it he shall offer one out of each offering for a heave offering to yahweh . it shall be the priest 's who sprinkles the blood of the peace offerings .
when we had sailed slowly many days , and had come with difficulty opposite cnidus , the wind not allowing us further , we sailed under the lee of crete , opposite salmone .
the people , the princes of gilead , said one to another , what man is he who will begin to fight against the children of ammon ? he shall be head over all the inhabitants of gilead .
but the men would n't listen to him : so the man laid hold on his concubine , and brought her forth to them ; and they knew her , and abused her all the night until the morning : and when the day began to spring , they let her go .
so he called them in and lodged them . on the next day peter arose and went out with them , and some of the brothers from joppa accompanied him .
it happened on the next day , that moses went into the tent of the testimony ; and behold , the rod of aaron for the house of levi was budded , and put forth buds , and produced blossoms , and bore ripe almonds .
the days that david reigned over israel were forty years ; seven years reigned he in hebron , and thirty - three years reigned he in jerusalem .
when david inquired of yahweh , he said , you shall not go up : make a circuit behind them , and come on them over against the mulberry trees .
therefore , as sin entered into the world through one man , and death through sin ; and so death passed to all men , because all sinned .
so are the paths of all who forget god . the hope of the godless man shall perish ,
the tombs were opened , and many bodies of the saints who had fallen asleep were raised ;
i , behold , i have appointed with him oholiab , the son of ahisamach , of the tribe of dan ; and in the heart of all who are wise - hearted i have put wisdom , that they may make all that i have commanded you :
yahweh said to joshua , this day have i rolled away the reproach of egypt from off you . therefore the name of that place was called gilgal , to this day .
you have enlarged my steps under me , my feet have not slipped .
cursed be the man who brought news to my father , saying , a boy is born to you ; making him very glad .
now herod was very angry with the people of tyre and sidon . they came with one accord to him , and , having made blastus , the king 's chamberlain , their friend , they asked for peace , because their country depended on the king 's country for food .
take the rod , and assemble the congregation , you , and aaron your brother , and speak you to the rock before their eyes , that it give forth its water ; and you shall bring forth to them water out of the rock ; so you shall give the congregation and their livestock drink .
they arose out of midian , and came to paran ; and they took men with them out of paran , and they came to egypt , to pharaoh king of egypt , who gave him a house , and appointed him food , and gave him land .
he who becomes the father of a fool grieves . the father of a fool has no joy .
they talked with each other about all of these things which had happened .
for because you did n't carry it at the first , yahweh our god made a breach on us , because we did n't seek him according to the ordinance .
also he made before the house two pillars of thirty - five cubits high , and the capital that was on the top of each of them was five cubits .
samuel said to the cook , bring the portion which i gave you , of which i said to you , set it by you .
he said to him , i also am a prophet as you are ; and an angel spoke to me by the word of yahweh , saying , bring him back with you into your house , that he may eat bread and drink water . but he lied to him .
but i have this against you , that you left your first love .
as do mark , aristarchus , demas , and luke , my fellow workers .
around the throne were twenty - four thrones . on the thrones were twenty - four elders sitting , dressed in white garments , with crowns of gold on their heads .
by wisdom yahweh founded the earth . by understanding , he established the heavens .
so they came and called to the porter of the city ; and they told them , saying , we came to the camp of the syrians , and , behold , there was no man there , neither voice of man , but the horses tied , and the donkeys tied , and the tents as they were .
for the kingdom of heaven is like a man who was the master of a household , who went out early in the morning to hire laborers for his vineyard .
they prayed , and said , you , lord , who know the hearts of all men , show which one of these two you have chosen
they shall know that i am yahweh , when i shall disperse them among the nations , and scatter them through the countries .
and whatever you do , work heartily , as for the lord , and not for men ,
remember the former things of old : for i am god , and there is none else ; i am god , and there is none like me ;
they roasted the passover with fire according to the ordinance : and the holy offerings boiled they in pots , and in caldrons , and in pans , and carried them quickly to all the children of the people .
when asa heard these words , and the prophecy of oded the prophet , he took courage , and put away the abominations out of all the land of judah and benjamin , and out of the cities which he had taken from the hill country of ephraim ; and he renewed the altar of yahweh , that was before the porch of yahweh .
then stood up jeshua the son of jozadak , and his brothers the priests , and zerubbabel the son of shealtiel , and his brothers , and built the altar of the god of israel , to offer burnt offerings thereon , as it is written in the law of moses the man of god .
how then was it counted ? when he was in circumcision , or in uncircumcision ? not in circumcision , but in uncircumcision .
the people grieved for benjamin , because that yahweh had made a breach in the tribes of israel .
now the feast of unleavened bread , which is called the passover , drew near .
remember , yahweh , against the children of edom , the day of jerusalem ; who said , raze it ! raze it even to its foundation !
yet he has no root in himself , but endures for a while . when oppression or persecution arises because of the word , immediately he stumbles .
god said , let the waters under the sky be gathered together to one place , and let the dry land appear , and it was so .
you shall be blessed above all peoples : there shall not be male or female barren among you , or among your livestock .
when david came to ziklag , he sent of the spoil to the elders of judah , even to his friends , saying , behold , a present for you of the spoil of the enemies of yahweh :
the philistines gathered themselves together , and came and encamped in shunem : and saul gathered all israel together , and they encamped in gilboa .
every base had four brazen wheels , and axles of brass ; and the four feet of it had supports : beneath the basin were the supports molten , with wreaths at the side of each .
after you shall arise another kingdom inferior to you ; and another third kingdom of brass , which shall bear rule over all the earth .
these twenty years i have been with you . your ewes and your female goats have not cast their young , and i have n't eaten the rams of your flocks .
he killed it ; and moses took the blood , and put it on the horns of the altar round about with his finger , and purified the altar , and poured out the blood at the base of the altar , and sanctified it , to make atonement for it .
hannah prayed , and said : my heart exults in yahweh ; my horn is exalted in yahweh ; my mouth is enlarged over my enemies ; because i rejoice in your salvation .
( that also is accounted a land of rephaim : rephaim lived therein before ; but the ammonites call them zamzummim ,
be careful therefore how you hear . for whoever has , to him will be given ; and whoever does n't have , from him will be taken away even that which he thinks he has .
moreover he who goes into the house while it is shut up shall be unclean until the evening .
the word of yahweh came expressly to ezekiel the priest , the son of buzi , in the land of the chaldeans by the river chebar ; and the hand of yahweh was there on him .
when evening came , they brought to him many possessed with demons . he cast out the spirits with a word , and healed all who were sick ;
they said , the lord needs it .
but he was angry , and would not go in . therefore his father came out , and begged him .
you shall set up the court around it , and hang up the screen of the gate of the court .
he said , thus says yahweh , make this valley full of trenches .
he went his way , and began to proclaim in decapolis how jesus had done great things for him , and everyone marveled .
it happened at that time , when jeroboam went out of jerusalem , that the prophet ahijah the shilonite found him in the way ; now ahijah had clad himself with a new garment ; and they two were alone in the field .
thus says the lord yahweh : because moab and seir say , behold , the house of judah is like all the nations ;
nadab and abihu died before yahweh , when they offered strange fire before yahweh , in the wilderness of sinai , and they had no children . eleazar and ithamar ministered in the priest 's office in the presence of aaron their father .
blessed is the man who makes yahweh his trust , and does n't respect the proud , nor such as turn aside to lies .
in these days , peter stood up in the midst of the disciples ( and the number of names was about one hundred twenty ) , and said ,
he went out from there . he came into his own country , and his disciples followed him .
i know what i will do , so that when i am removed from management , they may receive me into their houses . '
what is it then ? i will pray with the spirit , and i will pray with the understanding also . i will sing with the spirit , and i will sing with the understanding also .
then after a period of fourteen years i went up again to jerusalem with barnabas , taking titus also with me .
you shall write them on the door posts of your house , and on your gates .
the archers have sorely grieved him , shot at him , and persecute him :
so i stood beside him , and killed him , because i was sure that he could not live after that he was fallen : and i took the crown that was on his head , and the bracelet that was on his arm , and have brought them here to my lord .
remember that you magnify his work , whereof men have sung .
immediately in the synagogues he proclaimed the christ , that he is the son of god .
for as the rain comes down and the snow from the sky , and does n't return there , but waters the earth , and makes it bring forth and bud , and gives seed to the sower and bread to the eater ;
i tell you that even so there will be more joy in heaven over one sinner who repents , than over ninety - nine righteous people who need no repentance .
this , your stature , is like a palm tree , your breasts like its fruit .
see how good and how pleasant it is for brothers to live together in unity !
the grace of the lord jesus christ be with you .
you have clothed me with skin and flesh , and knit me together with bones and sinews .
nor to build houses for us to dwell in ; neither have we vineyard , nor field , nor seed :
i am the god of bethel , where you anointed a pillar , where you vowed a vow to me . now arise , get out from this land , and return to the land of your birth .
the king of israel said to jehoshaphat , did n't i tell you that he would not prophesy good concerning me , but evil ?
only to the land of the children of ammon you did n't come near ; all the side of the river jabbok , and the cities of the hill country , and wherever yahweh our god forbade us .
are you the first man who was born ? or were you brought forth before the hills ?
prepare you war against her ; arise , and let us go up at noon . woe to us ! for the day declines , for the shadows of the evening are stretched out .
paul stayed two whole years in his own rented house , and received all who were coming to him ,
yet you shall be brought down to sheol , to the depths of the pit .
saying , to you i will give the land of canaan , the lot of your inheritance ;
but i will leave in the midst of you an afflicted and poor people , and they will take refuge in the name of yahweh .
he found in the temple those who sold oxen , sheep , and doves , and the changers of money sitting .
they came again to jerusalem , and as he was walking in the temple , the chief priests , and the scribes , and the elders came to him ,
it happened , as soon as he had made an end of offering the burnt offering , that jehu said to the guard and to the captains , go in , and kill them ; let none come forth . they struck them with the edge of the sword ; and the guard and the captains cast them out , and went to the city of the house of baal .
they shall know that i am yahweh their god , who brought them forth out of the land of egypt , that i might dwell among them : i am yahweh their god .
those who were numbered of the families of the sons of merari , by their families , by their fathers ' houses ,
if fire breaks out , and catches in thorns so that the shocks of grain , or the standing grain , or the field are consumed ; he who kindled the fire shall surely make restitution .
the consecrated things were six hundred oxen and three thousand sheep .
( he had not consented to their counsel and deed ) , from arimathaea , a city of the jews , who was also waiting for the kingdom of god :
the child grew , and was weaned . abraham made a great feast on the day that isaac was weaned .
when aaron and his sons have finished covering the sanctuary , and all the furniture of the sanctuary , as the camp moves forward ; after that , the sons of kohath shall come to carry it : but they shall not touch the sanctuary , lest they die . these things are the burden of the sons of kohath in the tent of meeting .
elijah answered to the captain of fifty , if i be a man of god , let fire come down from the sky , and consume you and your fifty . fire came down from the sky , and consumed him and his fifty .
all the days of his vow of separation there shall no razor come on his head , until the days are fulfilled , in which he separates himself to yahweh . he shall be holy . he shall let the locks of the hair of his head grow long .
it stood still , but i could n't discern the appearance of it ; a form was before my eyes . silence , then i heard a voice , saying ,
the children of dan went their way : and when micah saw that they were too strong for him , he turned and went back to his house .
our elders and all the inhabitants of our country spoke to us , saying , take provision in your hand for the journey , and go to meet them , and tell them , we are your servants : and now make you a covenant with us .
being assembled together with them , he charged them , do n't depart from jerusalem , but wait for the promise of the father , which you heard from me .
they will see his face , and his name will be on their foreheads .
salt is good , but if the salt becomes flat and tasteless , with what do you season it ?
moses spoke so to the children of israel , but they did n't listen to moses for anguish of spirit , and for cruel bondage .
then she came and told the man of god . he said , go , sell the oil , and pay your debt , and live you and your sons of the rest .
we toil , working with our own hands . when people curse us , we bless . being persecuted , we endure .
i saw something like a sea of glass mixed with fire , and those who overcame the beast , his image , and the number of his name , standing on the sea of glass , having harps of god .
indignation has taken hold on me , because of the wicked who forsake your law .
jehoiada made a covenant between himself , and all the people , and the king , that they should be yahweh 's people .
so that we ourselves boast about you in the assemblies of god for your patience and faith in all your persecutions and in the afflictions which you endure .
you seed of abraham , his servant , you children of jacob , his chosen ones .
they took all the spoil , and all the prey , both of man and of animal .
moreover i said to the king , if it please the king , let letters be given me to the governors beyond the river , that they may let me pass through until i come to judah ;
but the king spared mephibosheth , the son of jonathan the son of saul , because of yahweh 's oath that was between them , between david and jonathan the son of saul .
then he sent out a second on horseback , who came to them , and said , thus says the king , is it peace ? jehu answered , what have you to do with peace ? turn you behind me .
the people got them by stealth that day into the city , as people who are ashamed steal away when they flee in battle .
his going forth is from the end of the heavens , his circuit to its ends ; there is nothing hidden from its heat .
they think it is strange that you do n't run with them into the same excess of riot , blaspheming :
then peter , turning around , saw a disciple following . this was the disciple whom jesus sincerely loved , the one who had also leaned on jesus ' breast at the supper and asked , lord , who is going to betray you ?
it happened when jesus had finished these words , he departed from galilee , and came into the borders of judea beyond the jordan .
the breadth of the entrance was ten cubits ; and the sides of the entrance were five cubits on the one side , and five cubits on the other side : and he measured the length of it , forty cubits , and the breadth , twenty cubits .
to the jews i became as a jew , that i might gain jews ; to those who are under the law , as under the law , that i might gain those who are under the law ;
then jesus said , i will be with you a little while longer , then i go to him who sent me .
that i may take the house of israel in their own heart , because they are all estranged from me through their idols .
i will walk before yahweh in the land of the living .
this shall be the priests ' due from the people , from those who offer a sacrifice , whether it be ox or sheep , that they shall give to the priest the shoulder , and the two cheeks , and the maw .
and i , and all the people who are with me , will approach to the city . it shall happen , when they come out against us , as at the first , that we will flee before them ;
they swore to yahweh with a loud voice , and with shouting , and with trumpets , and with cornets .
you shall not take vengeance , nor bear any grudge against the children of your people ; but you shall love your neighbor as yourself . i am yahweh .
let us therefore draw near with boldness to the throne of grace , that we may receive mercy , and may find grace for help in time of need .
they cried out , away with him ! away with him ! crucify him ! pilate said to them , shall i crucify your king ? the chief priests answered , we have no king but caesar !
can the papyrus grow up without mire ? can the rushes grow without water ?
yahweh your god has multiplied you , and behold , you are this day as the stars of the sky for multitude .
when a great argument arose , the commanding officer , fearing that paul would be torn in pieces by them , commanded the soldiers to go down and take him by force from among them , and bring him into the barracks .
six days you shall gather it , but on the seventh day is the sabbath . in it there shall be none .
but that the world may know that i love the father , and as the father commanded me , even so i do . arise , let us go from here .
he took and put the testimony into the ark , and set the poles on the ark , and put the mercy seat above on the ark .
but if you will not listen to us , to be circumcised , then we will take our sister , and we will be gone .
i will incline my ear to a proverb . i will open my riddle on the harp .
babylon has been a golden cup in yahweh 's hand , who made all the earth drunken : the nations have drunk of her wine ; therefore the nations are mad .
for her sins have reached to the sky , and god has remembered her iniquities .
righteousness will be the belt of his waist , and faithfulness the belt of his waist .
your two breasts are like two fawns that are twins of a roe , which feed among the lilies .
yahweh said to me , take a large tablet , and write on it with a man 's pen , for maher shalal hash baz ; '
joseph commanded his servants , the physicians , to embalm his father ; and the physicians embalmed israel .
yahweh said to moses , stretch out your hand over the land of egypt for the locusts , that they may come up on the land of egypt , and eat every herb of the land , even all that the hail has left .
i will utter my judgments against them touching all their wickedness , in that they have forsaken me , and have burned incense to other gods , and worshiped the works of their own hands .
yes , when i cry , and call for help , he shuts out my prayer .
and they found him , and told him , everyone is looking for you .
for i most assuredly , as being absent in body but present in spirit , have already , as though i were present , judged him who has done this thing .
saying to aaron , make us gods that will go before us , for as for this moses , who led us out of the land of egypt , we do n't know what has become of him . '
your way , god , is in the sanctuary . what god is great like god ?
god said to noah , this is the token of the covenant which i have established between me and all flesh that is on the earth .
do n't let kindness and truth forsake you . bind them around your neck . write them on the tablet of your heart .
and i will bring back all the people to you : the man whom you seek is as if all returned : so all the people shall be in peace .
and had taken captive the women and all who were therein , both small and great : they did n't kill any , but carried them off , and went their way .
give no occasions for stumbling , either to jews , or to greeks , or to the assembly of god ;
listen you to the petitions of your servant , and of your people israel , when they shall pray toward this place : yes , hear from your dwelling place , even from heaven ; and when you hear , forgive .
nor did i go up to jerusalem to those who were apostles before me , but i went away into arabia . then i returned to damascus .
then said jonathan to david , whatever your soul desires , i will even do it for you .
god has shown himself in her citadels as a refuge .
so he made two doors of olive wood ; and he carved on them carvings of cherubim and palm trees and open flowers , and overlaid them with gold ; and he spread the gold on the cherubim , and on the palm trees .
he will judge among the nations . he will heap up dead bodies . he will crush the ruler of the whole earth .
take aaron and his sons with him , and the garments , and the anointing oil , and the bull of the sin offering , and the two rams , and the basket of unleavened bread ;
but every woman praying or prophesying with her head unveiled dishonors her head . for it is one and the same thing as if she were shaved .
but we will bless yah , from this time forth and forevermore . praise yah !
besides the continual burnt offering , and the meal offering of it , you shall offer them ( they shall be to you without blemish ) , and their drink offerings .
he sings before men , and says , i have sinned , and perverted that which was right , and it did n't profit me .
now consider this , you who forget god , lest i tear you into pieces , and there be none to deliver .
if a man have committed a sin worthy of death , and he be put to death , and you hang him on a tree ;
thus he said , the fourth animal shall be a fourth kingdom on earth , which shall be diverse from all the kingdoms , and shall devour the whole earth , and shall tread it down , and break it in pieces .
if your father miss me at all , then say , david earnestly asked leave of me that he might run to bethlehem his city ; for it is the yearly sacrifice there for all the family .
lord , how long will you look on ? rescue my soul from their destruction , my precious life from the lions .
again , i write a new commandment to you , which is true in him and in you ; because the darkness is passing away , and the true light already shines .
the men of nineveh will stand up in the judgment with this generation , and will condemn it , for they repented at the preaching of jonah ; and behold , someone greater than jonah is here .
they rose up in the morning early , and worshiped before yahweh , and returned , and came to their house to ramah : and elkanah knew hannah his wife ; and yahweh remembered her .
sing , heavens ; and be joyful , earth ; and break forth into singing , mountains : for yahweh has comforted his people , and will have compassion on his afflicted .
yahweh said to him , go down and you shall bring aaron up with you , but do n't let the priests and the people break through to come up to yahweh , lest he break forth on them .
then there were two robbers crucified with him , one on his right hand and one on the left .
after the two days he went out from there and went into galilee .
why was n't this ointment sold for three hundred denarii , and given to the poor ?
as you still exalt yourself against my people , that you wo n't let them go .
then i came to them of the captivity at tel aviv , that lived by the river chebar , and to where they lived ; and i sat there overwhelmed among them seven days .
for he knew him who would betray him , therefore he said , you are not all clean .
it happened , when moses came down from mount sinai with the two tablets of the testimony in moses ' hand , when he came down from the mountain , that moses did n't know that the skin of his face shone by reason of his speaking with him .
but he does n't know that the dead are there , that her guests are in the depths of sheol .
not only is there danger that this our trade come into disrepute , but also that the temple of the great goddess artemis will be counted as nothing , and her majesty destroyed , whom all asia and the world worships .
therefore when the lord knew that the pharisees had heard that jesus was making and baptizing more disciples than john
surely the lord yahweh will do nothing , unless he reveals his secret to his servants the prophets .
many times he delivered them , but they were rebellious in their counsel , and were brought low in their iniquity .
phinehas the son of eleazar was ruler over them in time past , and yahweh was with him .
the work of the bases was on this manner : they had panels ; and there were panels between the ledges ;
only you shall not eat its blood ; you shall pour it out on the ground as water .
saul said , blessed be you of yahweh ; for you have had compassion on me .
but the wise answered , saying , what if there is n't enough for us and you ? you go rather to those who sell , and buy for yourselves . '
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
they open their mouths wide against me , lions tearing prey and roaring .
he did n't lay his hand on the nobles of the children of israel . they saw god , and ate and drank .
those who are perverse in heart are an abomination to yahweh , but those whose ways are blameless are his delight .
yahweh spoke to gad , david 's seer , saying ,
let them praise yahweh for his loving kindness , for his wonderful works for the children of men !
the third lot came up for the children of zebulun according to their families ; and the border of their inheritance was to sarid ;
it happened , when he had come , that he blew a trumpet in the hill country of ephraim ; and the children of israel went down with him from the hill country , and he before them .
i have called to you . save me ! i will obey your statutes .
this is how you shall make it . the length of the ark will be three hundred cubits , the breadth of it fifty cubits , and the height of it thirty cubits .
whether it has gored a son or has gored a daughter , according to this judgment it shall be done to him .
yahweh heard the voice of your words , when you spoke to me ; and yahweh said to me , i have heard the voice of the words of this people , which they have spoken to you : they have well said all that they have spoken .
if he be able to fight with me , and kill me , then will we be your servants ; but if i prevail against him , and kill him , then shall you be our servants , and serve us .
and hope does n't disappoint us , because god 's love has been poured out into our hearts through the holy spirit who was given to us .
but to you , yahweh , i have cried . in the morning , my prayer comes before you .
but you , son of man , hear what i tell you ; do n't be you rebellious like that rebellious house : open your mouth , and eat that which i give you .
while the children of israel were in the wilderness , they found a man gathering sticks on the sabbath day .
but of which of the angels has he said at any time , sit at my right hand , until i make your enemies the footstool of your feet ?
all of them come for violence . their hordes face the desert . he gathers prisoners like sand .
he was returning and sitting in his chariot , and was reading the prophet isaiah .
as for those of you who are left , i will send a faintness into their hearts in the lands of their enemies : and the sound of a driven leaf will put them to flight ; and they shall flee , as one flees from the sword ; and they will fall when no one pursues .
he did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh : he did n't depart all his days from the sins of jeroboam the son of nebat , with which he made israel to sin .
but put forth your hand now , and touch all that he has , and he will renounce you to your face .
and tore the kingdom away from the house of david , and gave it you ; and yet you have not been as my servant david , who kept my commandments , and who followed me with all his heart , to do that only which was right in my eyes ,
you shall see the affliction of my habitation , in all the wealth which god shall give israel ; and there shall not be an old man in your house forever .
samaria and her king float away , like a twig on the water .
the leach has two daughters : give , give . ' there are three things that are never satisfied ; four that do n't say , enough : '
so he arose and went to zarephath ; and when he came to the gate of the city , behold , a widow was there gathering sticks : and he called to her , and said , please get me a little water in a vessel , that i may drink .
they shall keep all the furnishings of the tent of meeting , and the obligations of the children of israel , to do the service of the tabernacle .
now it happened , after that amaziah was come from the slaughter of the edomites , that he brought the gods of the children of seir , and set them up to be his gods , and bowed down himself before them , and burned incense to them .
i applied my heart to know wisdom , and to know madness and folly . i perceived that this also was a chasing after wind .
have n't you , god , rejected us ? you do n't go out with our armies , god .
micah said to him , whence come you ? he said to him , i am a levite of bethlehem judah , and i go to sojourn where i may find a place .
then stood up on the stairs of the levites , jeshua , and bani , kadmiel , shebaniah , bunni , sherebiah , bani , and chenani , and cried with a loud voice to yahweh their god .
these are the words of the covenant which yahweh commanded moses to make with the children of israel in the land of moab , besides the covenant which he made with them in horeb .
the winepress was trodden outside of the city , and blood came out from the winepress , even to the bridles of the horses , as far as one thousand six hundred stadia .
yahweh spoke to joshua , saying ,
they came to a place which was named gethsemane . he said to his disciples , sit here , while i pray .
the king made of the algum trees terraces for the house of yahweh , and for the king 's house , and harps and psalteries for the singers : and there were none such seen before in the land of judah .
then said zedekiah to jeremiah , let no man know of these words , and you shall not die .
oh , send out your light and your truth . let them lead me . let them bring me to your holy hill , to your tents .
he has shown his people the power of his works , in giving them the heritage of the nations .
in the third year of cyrus king of persia a thing was revealed to daniel , whose name was called belteshazzar ; and the thing was true , even a great warfare : and he understood the thing , and had understanding of the vision .
god will likewise destroy you forever . he will take you up , and pluck you out of your tent , and root you out of the land of the living . selah .
we made a raid on the south of the cherethites , and on that which belongs to judah , and on the south of caleb ; and we burned ziklag with fire .
do n't say , a conspiracy ! ' concerning all about which this people say , a conspiracy ! ' neither fear their threats , nor be terrorized .
who alone has immortality , dwelling in unapproachable light ; whom no man has seen , nor can see : to whom be honor and eternal power . amen .
for i will send pestilence into her , and blood into her streets ; and the wounded shall fall in the midst of her , with the sword on her on every side ; and they shall know that i am yahweh .
the haters of yahweh would cringe before him , and their punishment would last forever .
hear my voice , god , in my complaint . preserve my life from fear of the enemy .
when the voice came , jesus was found alone . they were silent , and told no one in those days any of the things which they had seen .
gave his offering : one silver platter , the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels , one silver bowl of seventy shekels , after the shekel of the sanctuary ; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering ;
who serve a copy and shadow of the heavenly things , even as moses was warned by god when he was about to make the tabernacle , for he said , see , you shall make everything according to the pattern that was shown to you on the mountain .
it will be , that every soul that will not listen to that prophet will be utterly destroyed from among the people . '
yahweh said to moses , i will do this thing also that you have spoken ; for you have found favor in my sight , and i know you by name .
he did n't allow him , but said to him , go to your house , to your friends , and tell them what great things the lord has done for you , and how he had mercy on you .
set up road signs , make guideposts ; set your heart toward the highway , even the way by which you went : turn again , virgin of israel , turn again to these your cities .
the merciful man does good to his own soul , but he who is cruel troubles his own flesh .
the men of his city , even the elders and the nobles who lived in his city , did as jezebel had sent to them , according as it was written in the letters which she had sent to them .
but if you had known what this means , i desire mercy , and not sacrifice , ' you would not have condemned the guiltless .
who has declared it from the beginning , that we may know ? and before , that we may say , he is right ? ' surely , there is no one who declares . surely , there is no one who shows . surely , there is no one who hears your words .
now when jesus was in bethany , in the house of simon the leper ,
while they still did n't believe for joy , and wondered , he said to them , do you have anything here to eat ?
ascribe to yahweh , you relatives of the peoples , ascribe to yahweh glory and strength ;
she said to them , thus says yahweh , the god of israel : tell you the man who sent you to me ,
he saw a certain poor widow casting in two small brass coins .
yahweh said to me , take for yourself yet again the equipment of a foolish shepherd .
he raises his hands against his friends . he has violated his covenant .
joshua sent men from jericho to ai , which is beside beth aven , on the east side of bethel , and spoke to them , saying , go up and spy out the land . the men went up and spied out ai .
when i tried to understand this , it was too painful for me ;
he said to them , this kind can come out by nothing , except by prayer and fasting .
against him came up nebuchadnezzar king of babylon , and bound him in fetters , to carry him to babylon .
in that day , says yahweh , i will assemble that which is lame , and i will gather that which is driven away , and that which i have afflicted ;
i know how to be humbled , and i know also how to abound . in everything and in all things i have learned the secret both to be filled and to be hungry , both to abound and to be in need .
i heard , and my body trembled . my lips quivered at the voice . rottenness enters into my bones , and i tremble in my place , because i must wait quietly for the day of trouble , for the coming up of the people who invade us .
it happened in those days , that jesus came from nazareth of galilee , and was baptized by john in the jordan .
the jailer , being roused out of sleep and seeing the prison doors open , drew his sword and was about to kill himself , supposing that the prisoners had escaped .
it happened in the eleventh year , in the first day of the month , that the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
behold , then i would wander far off . i would lodge in the wilderness . selah .
salvation from our enemies , and from the hand of all who hate us ;
so samuel brought all the tribes of israel near , and the tribe of benjamin was taken .
the enemy is overtaken by endless ruin . the very memory of the cities which you have overthrown has perished .
see you how ahab humbles himself before me ? because he humbles himself before me , i will not bring the evil in his days ; but in his son 's days will i bring the evil on his house .
how is sheshach taken ! and the praise of the whole earth seized ! how is babylon become a desolation among the nations !
in his right hand was the divination for jerusalem , to set battering rams , to open the mouth in the slaughter , to lift up the voice with shouting , to set battering rams against the gates , to cast up mounds , to build forts .
therefore martha said to jesus , lord , if you would have been here , my brother would n't have died .
the seventh angel sounded , and great voices in heaven followed , saying , the kingdom of the world has become the kingdom of our lord , and of his christ . he will reign forever and ever !
of the children of dan , their generations , by their families , by their fathers ' houses , according to the number of the names , from twenty years old and upward , all who were able to go forth to war ;
because of the ground which is cracked , because no rain has been in the land , the plowmen are disappointed , they cover their heads .
then you shall sound the loud trumpet on the tenth day of the seventh month . on the day of atonement you shall sound the trumpet throughout all your land .
it happened after a while , that the brook dried up , because there was no rain in the land .
yes , if you call out for discernment , and lift up your voice for understanding ;
they chose new gods ; then was war in the gates : was there a shield or spear seen among forty thousand in israel ?
yahweh said to gideon , by the three hundred men who lapped will i save you , and deliver the midianites into your hand ; and let all the people go every man to his place .
this continued for two years , so that all those who lived in asia heard the word of the lord jesus , both jews and greeks .
then eli answered , go in peace ; and the god of israel grant your petition that you have asked of him .
he looked this way and that way , and when he saw that there was no one , he killed the egyptian , and hid him in the sand .
for this cause , brothers , we were comforted over you in all our distress and affliction through your faith .
behold , a man from the crowd called out , saying , teacher , i beg you to look at my son , for he is my only child .
that the name of our lord jesus may be glorified in you , and you in him , according to the grace of our god and the lord jesus christ .
for in this mountain the hand of yahweh will rest . moab will be trodden down in his place , even like straw is trodden down in the water of the dunghill .
have n't i commanded you ? be strong and of good courage ; do n't be afraid , neither be dismayed : for yahweh your god is with you wherever you go .
then sang deborah and barak the son of abinoam on that day , saying ,
whoever touches anything that was under him shall be unclean until the evening . he who carries those things shall wash his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and be unclean until the evening .
whom not having known you love ; in whom , though now you do n't see him , yet believing , you rejoice greatly with joy unspeakable and full of glory
i will shoot three arrows on the side of it , as though i shot at a mark .
then the five men who went to spy out the country of laish answered , and said to their brothers , do you know that there is in these houses an ephod , and teraphim , and an engraved image , and a molten image ? now therefore consider what you have to do .
there is a grievous evil which i have seen under the sun : wealth kept by its owner to his harm .
out of his mouth go burning torches , sparks of fire leap forth .
he sent a man before them . joseph was sold for a slave .
do n't desire the night , when people are cut off in their place .
and say , thus says the lord yahweh : a great eagle with great wings and long feathers , full of feathers , which had various colors , came to lebanon , and took the top of the cedar :
adam was n't deceived , but the woman , being deceived , has fallen into disobedience ;
he said to them , is it well with him ? they said , it is well . see , rachel , his daughter , is coming with the sheep .
that day is a day of wrath , a day of distress and anguish , a day of trouble and ruin , a day of darkness and gloom , a day of clouds and blackness ,
go up into gilead , and take balm , virgin daughter of egypt : in vain do you use many medicines ; there is no healing for you .
the destroyer shall come on every city , and no city shall escape ; the valley also shall perish , and the plain shall be destroyed ; as yahweh has spoken .
it happened at the end of three years , that two of the servants of shimei ran away to achish , son of maacah , king of gath . they told shimei , saying , behold , your servants are in gath .
for neither from the east , nor from the west , nor yet from the south , comes exaltation .
david longed , and said , oh that one would give me water to drink of the well of bethlehem , which is by the gate !
when forty years were fulfilled , an angel of the lord appeared to him in the wilderness of mount sinai , in a flame of fire in a bush .
sixteen years old was he when he began to reign ; and he reigned fifty - two years in jerusalem : and his mother 's name was jecoliah of jerusalem .
but you shall offer an offering made by fire , a burnt offering to yahweh : two young bulls , and one ram , and seven male lambs a year old ; they shall be to you without blemish ;
do n't you know that your bodies are members of christ ? shall i then take the members of christ , and make them members of a prostitute ? may it never be !
then menahem struck tiphsah , and all who were therein , and the borders of it , from tirzah : because they did n't open to him , therefore he struck it ; and all the women therein who were with child he ripped up .
for where two or three are gathered together in my name , there i am in the midst of them .
therefore they called these days purim , after the name of pur . therefore because of all the words of this letter , and of that which they had seen concerning this matter , and that which had come to them ,
now in the fifth month , on the seventh day of the month , which was the nineteenth year of king nebuchadnezzar , king of babylon , came nebuzaradan the captain of the guard , a servant of the king of babylon , to jerusalem .
he took the twelve aside , and said to them , behold , we are going up to jerusalem , and all the things that are written through the prophets concerning the son of man will be completed .
david was afraid of yahweh that day ; and he said , how shall the ark of yahweh come to me ?
his bones are like tubes of brass . his limbs are like bars of iron .
it was so , when elisha the man of god heard that the king of israel had torn his clothes , that he sent to the king , saying , why have you torn your clothes ? let him come now to me , and he shall know that there is a prophet in israel .
he broke in pieces the pillars , and cut down the asherim , and filled their places with the bones of men .
the birds of the sky , the fish of the sea , and whatever passes through the paths of the seas .
from the days of john the baptizer until now , the kingdom of heaven suffers violence , and the violent take it by force .
he went to his father 's house at ophrah , and killed his brothers the sons of jerubbaal , being seventy persons , on one stone : but jotham the youngest son of jerubbaal was left ; for he hid himself .
the heart of the rash will understand knowledge , and the tongue of the stammerers will be ready to speak plainly .
to them it was revealed , that not to themselves , but to you , did they minister these things , which now have been announced to you through those who preached the good news to you by the holy spirit sent out from heaven ; which things angels desire to look into .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
i coveted no one 's silver , or gold , or clothing .
the glory of yahweh went up from the midst of the city , and stood on the mountain which is on the east side of the city .
the lips of the righteous feed many , but the foolish die for lack of understanding .
the women said to naomi , blessed be yahweh , who has not left you this day without a near kinsman ; and let his name be famous in israel .
their heart is as callous as the fat , but i delight in your law .
god will not withdraw his anger ; the helpers of rahab stoop under him .
as valleys are they spread forth , as gardens by the riverside , as aloes which yahweh has planted , as cedar trees beside the waters .
again he returned , and found them sleeping , for their eyes were very heavy , and they did n't know what to answer him .
the light shines in the darkness , and the darkness has n't overcome it .
this i say therefore , and testify in the lord , that you no longer walk as the rest of the gentiles also walk , in the futility of their mind ,
out of the tribe of dan , elteke with its suburbs , gibbethon with its suburbs ,
standing still , jesus commanded him to be brought to him . when he had come near , he asked him ,
for you say , where is the house of the prince ? where is the tent in which the wicked lived ? '
for as the churning of milk brings forth butter , and the wringing of the nose brings forth blood ; so the forcing of wrath brings forth strife .
one law shall be to him who is born at home , and to the stranger who lives as a foreigner among you .
moses said to yahweh , then the egyptians will hear it ; for you brought up this people in your might from among them ;
ishmael , his son , was thirteen years old when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin .
when they heard that he was alive , and had been seen by her , they disbelieved .
declare his glory among the nations , his marvelous works among all the peoples .
then uzziah was angry ; and he had a censer in his hand to burn incense ; and while he was angry with the priests , the leprosy broke forth in his forehead before the priests in the house of yahweh , beside the altar of incense .
tamar put ashes on her head , and tore her garment of various colors that was on her ; and she laid her hand on her head , and went her way , crying aloud as she went .
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
no hand shall touch him , but he shall surely be stoned or shot through ; whether it is animal or man , he shall not live . ' when the trumpet sounds long , they shall come up to the mountain .
in the twentieth year of jeroboam king of israel began asa to reign over judah .
he made him ride on the high places of the earth , he ate the increase of the field ; he made him to suck honey out of the rock , oil out of the flinty rock ;
the lord said to the servant , go out into the highways and hedges , and compel them to come in , that my house may be filled .
blessed are those who mourn , for they shall be comforted .
for the sake of the house of yahweh our god , i will seek your good .
for those who have served well as deacons gain to themselves a good standing , and great boldness in the faith which is in christ jesus .
they have ears , but they do n't hear ; they have noses , but they do n't smell ;
it happened , when they were come into samaria , that elisha said , yahweh , open the eyes of these men , that they may see . yahweh opened their eyes , and they saw ; and behold , they were in the midst of samaria .
but absalom fled . the young man who kept the watch lifted up his eyes , and looked , and behold , many people were coming by way of the hillside behind him .
behold , i have made you into a new sharp threshing instrument with teeth . you will thresh the mountains , and beat them small , and will make the hills like chaff .
there were four tables for the burnt offering , of hewn stone , a cubit and a half long , and a cubit and a half broad , and one cubit high ; whereupon they laid the instruments with which they killed the burnt offering and the sacrifice .
now if there was perfection through the levitical priesthood ( for under it the people have received the law ) , what further need was there for another priest to arise after the order of melchizedek , and not be called after the order of aaron ?
jesus sat down opposite the treasury , and saw how the multitude cast money into the treasury . many who were rich cast in much .
it will never be inhabited , neither will it be lived in from generation to generation . the arabian will not pitch a tent there , neither will shepherds make their flocks lie down there .
moreover you shall take no ransom for the life of a murderer who is guilty of death ; but he shall surely be put to death .
now i have prepared with all my might for the house of my god the gold for the things of gold , and the silver for the things of silver , and the brass for the things of brass , the iron for the things of iron , and wood for the things of wood ; onyx stones , and stones to be set , stones for inlaid work , and of various colors , and all manner of precious stones , and marble stones in abundance .
forty - two years old was ahaziah when he began to reign ; and he reigned one year in jerusalem : and his mother 's name was athaliah the daughter of omri .
to man he said , behold , the fear of the lord , that is wisdom . to depart from evil is understanding . '
he is conceited , knowing nothing , but obsessed with arguments , disputes , and word battles , from which come envy , strife , reviling , evil suspicions ,
he spoke of trees , from the cedar that is in lebanon even to the hyssop that springs out of the wall ; he spoke also of animals , and of birds , and of creeping things , and of fish .
the heart of one who has understanding seeks knowledge , but the mouths of fools feed on folly .
she gave the king one hundred twenty talents of gold , and of spices very great store , and precious stones : there came no more such abundance of spices as these which the queen of sheba gave to king solomon .
if your brother has grown poor among you , and sells himself to you ; you shall not make him to serve as a slave .
do n't take any gold , nor silver , nor brass in your money belts .
yahweh 's works are great , pondered by all those who delight in them .
as also you acknowledged us in part , that we are your boasting , even as you also are ours , in the day of our lord jesus .
now when joab saw that the battle was set against him before and behind , he chose of all the choice men of israel , and put them in array against the syrians .
all the people of the surrounding country of the gadarenes asked him to depart from them , for they were very much afraid . he entered into the boat , and returned .
also i spoke to the priests and to all this people , saying , thus says yahweh : do n't listen to the words of your prophets who prophesy to you , saying , behold , the vessels of yahweh 's house shall now shortly be brought again from babylon ; for they prophesy a lie to you .
i , yahweh , have called you in righteousness , and will hold your hand , and will keep you , and make you a covenant for the people , as a light for the nations ;
now i tell you , withdraw from these men , and leave them alone . for if this counsel or this work is of men , it will be overthrown .
take away the wicked from the king 's presence , and his throne will be established in righteousness .
you shall fear yahweh your god ; him shall you serve ; and to him shall you cleave , and by his name shall you swear .
because i feared the great multitude , and the contempt of families terrified me , so that i kept silence , and did n't go out of the door
and set forth customs which it is not lawful for us to accept or to observe , being romans .
it happened on the next day , when the philistines came to strip the slain , that they found saul and his three sons fallen on mount gilboa .
he is clothed in a garment sprinkled with blood . his name is called the word of god .
in the same hour came forth the fingers of a man 's hand , and wrote over against the lampstand on the plaster of the wall of the king 's palace : and the king saw the part of the hand that wrote .
you shall remember that you were a bondservant in the land of egypt : therefore i command you to do this thing .
and all these blessings shall come on you , and overtake you , if you shall listen to the voice of yahweh your god .
and to know christ 's love which surpasses knowledge , that you may be filled with all the fullness of god .
so that there was the face of a man toward the palm tree on the one side , and the face of a young lion toward the palm tree on the other side . thus was it made through all the house round about :
if your people go out to battle against their enemies , by whatever way you shall send them , and they pray to you toward this city which you have chosen , and the house which i have built for your name ;
the jews therefore sought him at the feast , and said , where is he ?
regard the patience of our lord as salvation ; even as our beloved brother paul also , according to the wisdom given to him , wrote to you ;
after this manner he made the ten bases : all of them had one casting , one measure , and one form .
yahweh will be king over all the earth . in that day yahweh will be one , and his name one .
now he is not the god of the dead , but of the living , for all are alive to him .
leah conceived , and bore a son , and she named him reuben . for she said , because yahweh has looked at my affliction . for now my husband will love me .
and that most of the brothers in the lord , being confident through my bonds , are more abundantly bold to speak the word of god without fear .
for they intended evil against you . they plotted evil against you which can not succeed .
a man 's gift makes room for him , and brings him before great men .
i will offer to you the sacrifice of thanksgiving , and will call on the name of yahweh .
withstand him steadfast in your faith , knowing that your brothers who are in the world are undergoing the same sufferings .
so all the elders of israel came to the king to hebron ; and david made a covenant with them in hebron before yahweh ; and they anointed david king over israel , according to the word of yahweh by samuel .
when you saw that nahash the king of the children of ammon came against you , you said to me , no , but a king shall reign over us ; when yahweh your god was your king .
but truly i tell you , there were many widows in israel in the days of elijah , when the sky was shut up three years and six months , when a great famine came over all the land .
joseph brought in jacob , his father , and set him before pharaoh , and jacob blessed pharaoh .
i will bless those who bless you , and i will curse him who curses you . in you will all of the families of the earth be blessed .
when you eat , and when you drink , do n't you eat for yourselves , and drink for yourselves ?
because your heart was tender , and you did humble yourself before god , when you heard his words against this place , and against the inhabitants of it , and have humbled yourself before me , and have torn your clothes , and wept before me ; i also have heard you , says yahweh .
therefore you testify to yourselves that you are children of those who killed the prophets .
you also put my feet in the stocks , and mark all my paths . you set a bound to the soles of my feet :
when they had come in , they went up into the upper room , where they were staying ; that is peter , john , james , andrew , philip , thomas , bartholomew , matthew , james the son of alphaeus , simon the zealot , and judas the son of james .
i will also praise you with the harp for your faithfulness , my god . i sing praises to you with the lyre , holy one of israel .
they insulted him and said , you are his disciple , but we are disciples of moses .
she said , give me a blessing ; for that you have set me in the land of the south , give me also springs of water . he gave her the upper springs and the lower springs .
then sarah denied , saying , i did n't laugh , for she was afraid . he said , no , but you did laugh .
benjamin returned at that time ; and they gave them the women whom they had saved alive of the women of jabesh gilead : and yet so they were n't enough for them .
i therefore , the prisoner in the lord , beg you to walk worthily of the calling with which you were called ,
jehoshaphat his son reigned in his place , and strengthened himself against israel .
and every spirit who does n't confess that jesus christ has come in the flesh is not of god , and this is the spirit of the antichrist , of whom you have heard that it comes . now it is in the world already .
he touched her hand , and the fever left her . she got up and served him .
one of his heads looked like it had been wounded fatally . his fatal wound was healed , and the whole earth marveled at the beast .
furthermore he made the court of the priests , and the great court , and doors for the court , and overlaid the doors of them with brass .
the flood was forty days on the earth . the waters increased , and lifted up the ark , and it was lifted up above the earth .
if you seek her as silver , and search for her as for hidden treasures :
then the elders of his city shall call him , and speak to him : and if he stand , and say , i do n't want to take her ;
now it happened , when all the people were baptized , jesus also had been baptized , and was praying . the sky was opened ,
and ain with its suburbs , and juttah with its suburbs , and beth shemesh with its suburbs ; nine cities out of those two tribes .
there were also others , two criminals , led with him to be put to death .
one who plots to do evil will be called a schemer .
then laban and bethuel answered , the thing proceeds from yahweh . we ca n't speak to you bad or good .
i have been crucified with christ , and it is no longer i that live , but christ living in me . that life which i now live in the flesh , i live by faith in the son of god , who loved me , and gave himself up for me .
( now the congregation 's half was three hundred thirty - seven thousand five hundred sheep ,
joash king of israel took amaziah king of judah , the son of joash the son of jehoahaz , at beth shemesh , and brought him to jerusalem , and broke down the wall of jerusalem from the gate of ephraim to the corner gate , four hundred cubits .
has n't the scripture said that the christ comes of the seed of david , and from bethlehem , the village where david was ?
as the nations that yahweh makes to perish before you , so shall you perish ; because you would n't listen to the voice of yahweh your god .
rejoice in the lord always ! again i will say , rejoice !
for there is hope for a tree , if it is cut down , that it will sprout again , that the tender branch of it will not cease .
he saved others , but he ca n't save himself . if he is the king of israel , let him come down from the cross now , and we will believe in him .
every bed whereon he who has the discharge lies shall be unclean ; and everything he sits on shall be unclean .
it happened , at the return of the year , at the time when kings go out to battle , that david sent joab , and his servants with him , and all israel ; and they destroyed the children of ammon , and besieged rabbah . but david stayed at jerusalem .
then hezekiah turned his face to the wall and prayed to yahweh ,
yes , i beg you that i may not , when present , show courage with the confidence with which i intend to be bold against some , who consider us to be walking according to the flesh .
we roar all like bears , and moan sore like doves : we look for justice , but there is none ; for salvation , but it is far off from us .
grace , mercy , and peace will be with us , from god the father , and from the lord jesus christ , the son of the father , in truth and love .
i adjure you , daughters of jerusalem , by the roes , or by the hinds of the field , that you not stir up , nor awaken love , until it so desires .
they have emptied out the money that was found in the house of yahweh , and have delivered it into the hand of the overseers , and into the hand of the workmen .
he went out about the third hour , and saw others standing idle in the marketplace .
for the king had ships that went to tarshish with the servants of huram ; once every three years came the ships of tarshish , bringing gold , and silver , ivory , and apes , and peacocks .
it happened after the death of joshua , the children of israel asked of yahweh , saying , who shall go up for us first against the canaanites , to fight against them ?
at lystra a certain man sat , impotent in his feet , a cripple from his mother 's womb , who never had walked .
he broke down the tower of penuel , and killed the men of the city .
i would declare to him the number of my steps . as a prince would i go near to him .
for they vex you with their wiles , with which they have deceived you in the matter of peor , and in the matter of cozbi , the daughter of the prince of midian , their sister , who was slain on the day of the plague in the matter of peor .
to these he also showed himself alive after he suffered , by many proofs , appearing to them over a period of forty days , and speaking about god 's kingdom .
if the ear would say , because i 'm not the eye , i 'm not part of the body , it 's not therefore not part of the body .
then jesus came and took the bread , gave it to them , and the fish likewise .
joram said , make ready . they made ready his chariot . joram king of israel and ahaziah king of judah went out , each in his chariot , and they went out to meet jehu , and found him in the portion of naboth the jezreelite .
they cast out many demons , and anointed many with oil who were sick , and healed them .
accounting the reproach of christ greater riches than the treasures of egypt ; for he looked to the reward .
for i determined not to know anything among you , except jesus christ , and him crucified .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
can your heart endure , or can your hands be strong , in the days that i shall deal with you ? i , yahweh , have spoken it , and will do it .
and he had two wives ; the name of the one was hannah , and the name of other peninnah : and peninnah had children , but hannah had no children .
they commanded the children of benjamin , saying , go and lie in wait in the vineyards ,
while he yet spoke , behold , jonathan the son of abiathar the priest came : and adonijah said , come in ; for you are a worthy man , and bring good news .
day by day , continuing steadfastly with one accord in the temple , and breaking bread at home , they took their food with gladness and singleness of heart ,
they answered him , our father is abraham . jesus said to them , if you were abraham 's children , you would do the works of abraham .
again i tell you , it is easier for a camel to go through a needle 's eye , than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of god .
when you offer an offering of a meal offering baked in the oven , it shall be unleavened cakes of fine flour mixed with oil , or unleavened wafers anointed with oil .
he sent young men of the children of israel , who offered burnt offerings and sacrificed peace offerings of oxen to yahweh .
the cows took the straight way by the way to beth shemesh ; they went along the highway , lowing as they went , and did n't turn aside to the right hand or to the left ; and the lords of the philistines went after them to the border of beth shemesh .
now it happened , when adoni - zedek king of jerusalem heard how joshua had taken ai , and had utterly destroyed it ; as he had done to jericho and her king , so he had done to ai and her king ; and how the inhabitants of gibeon had made peace with israel , and were among them ;
the land of egypt is before you . make your father and your brothers dwell in the best of the land . let them dwell in the land of goshen . if you know any able men among them , then put them in charge of my livestock .
remember them , my god , because they have defiled the priesthood , and the covenant of the priesthood , and of the levites .
you will be hated by all men for my name 's sake .
i will put a division between my people and your people : by tomorrow shall this sign be . '
keep your tongue from evil , and your lips from speaking lies .
they indeed of the sons of levi who receive the priest 's office have a commandment to take tithes of the people according to the law , that is , of their brothers , though these have come out of the body of abraham ,
judah became his sanctuary , israel his dominion .
he saw two boats standing by the lake , but the fishermen had gone out of them , and were washing their nets .
into whatever city or village you enter , find out who in it is worthy ; and stay there until you go on .
yet have respect for the prayer of your servant , and for his supplication , yahweh my god , to listen to the cry and to the prayer which your servant prays before you this day ;
ascribe to yahweh , you sons of the mighty , ascribe to yahweh glory and strength .
you have bought me no sweet cane with money , neither have you filled me with the fat of your sacrifices ; but you have burdened me with your sins , you have wearied me with your iniquities .
judas the son of james ; and judas iscariot , who also became a traitor .
from thirty years old and upward until fifty years old shall you number them ; all who enter in to wait on the service , to do the work in the tent of meeting .
but i will settle him in my house and in my kingdom forever ; and his throne shall be established forever .
and it happened , as he sowed , some seed fell by the road , and the birds came and devoured it .
yahweh said to joshua , do n't fear them : for i have delivered them into your hands ; there shall not a man of them stand before you .
all sheep and oxen , yes , and the animals of the field ,
therefore , son of man , prophesy , and tell gog , thus says the lord yahweh : in that day when my people israel dwells securely , shall you not know it ?
solomon ruled over all the kingdoms from the river to the land of the philistines , and to the border of egypt : they brought tribute , and served solomon all the days of his life .
faithful are the wounds of a friend ; although the kisses of an enemy are profuse .
the idols shall utterly pass away .
he asked the scribes , what are you asking them ?
do n't forsake me , yahweh . my god , do n't be far from me .
but jesus answered them , you are mistaken , not knowing the scriptures , nor the power of god .
thus says the lord yahweh : in the first month , in the first day of the month , you shall take a young bull without blemish ; and you shall cleanse the sanctuary .
then zedekiah the king commanded , and they committed jeremiah into the court of the guard ; and they gave him daily a loaf of bread out of the bakers ' street , until all the bread in the city was spent . thus jeremiah remained in the court of the guard .
he said to his people , behold , the people of the children of israel are more and mightier than we .
it happened as they emptied their sacks , that behold , every man 's bundle of money was in his sack . when they and their father saw their bundles of money , they were afraid .
for this service of giving that you perform not only makes up for lack among the saints , but abounds also through many givings of thanks to god ;
into whatever house you enter , stay there , and depart from there .
we are of god . he who knows god listens to us . he who is not of god does n't listen to us . by this we know the spirit of truth , and the spirit of error .
and might deliver all of them who through fear of death were all their lifetime subject to bondage .
he will judge the poor of the people . he will save the children of the needy , and will break the oppressor in pieces .
also pull out some for her from the bundles , and leave it , and let her glean , and do n't rebuke her .
for you , yahweh of armies , the god of israel , have revealed to your servant , saying , i will build you a house : therefore has your servant found in his heart to pray this prayer to you .
thus shall you say to them , the gods that have not made the heavens and the earth , these shall perish from the earth , and from under the heavens .
he himself was in the stern , asleep on the cushion , and they woke him up , and told him , teacher , do n't you care that we are dying ?
the children struggled together within her . she said , if it be so , why do i live ? she went to inquire of yahweh .
the elders of jabesh said to him , give us seven days ' respite , that we may send messengers to all the borders of israel ; and then , if there be none to save us , we will come out to you .
instructing us to the intent that , denying ungodliness and worldly lusts , we would live soberly , righteously , and godly in this present world ;
it is not the great who are wise , nor the aged who understand justice .
what agreement has a temple of god with idols ? for you are a temple of the living god . even as god said , i will dwell in them , and walk in them ; and i will be their god , and they will be my people .
they spend their days in prosperity . in an instant they go down to sheol .
not for these only do i pray , but for those also who believe in me through their word ,
do n't lie to one another , seeing that you have put off the old man with his doings ,
but jesus , knowing this , said to them , why do you trouble the woman ? because she has done a good work for me .
the wing of the other cherub was five cubits , reaching to the wall of the house ; and the other wing was five cubits also , joining to the wing of the other cherub .
and in nothing frightened by the adversaries , which is for them a proof of destruction , but to you of salvation , and that from god .
i said , my strength is perished , and my expectation from yahweh .
david said to him , to whom belong you ? and whence are you ? he said , i am a young man of egypt , servant to an amalekite ; and my master left me , because three days ago i fell sick .
the levites shall answer , and tell all the men of israel with a loud voice ,
rehoboam lived in jerusalem , and built cities for defense in judah .
reuben answered them , saying , did n't i tell you , saying , do n't sin against the child , ' and you would n't listen ? therefore also , behold , his blood is required .
when joseph 's brothers saw that their father was dead , they said , it may be that joseph will hate us , and will fully pay us back for all of the evil which we did to him .
neither shall men break bread for them in mourning , to comfort them for the dead ; neither shall men give them the cup of consolation to drink for their father or for their mother .
behold , a certain man who had dropsy was in front of him .
he stood and cried to the armies of israel , and said to them , why are you come out to set your battle in array ? am i not a philistine , and you servants to saul ? choose you a man for you , and let him come down to me .
yes , if a man lives many years , let him rejoice in them all ; but let him remember the days of darkness , for they shall be many . all that comes is vanity .
son of man , what is this proverb that you have in the land of israel , saying , the days are prolonged , and every vision fails ?
i will lay it a wasteland . it wo n't be pruned nor hoed , but it will grow briers and thorns . i will also command the clouds that they rain no rain on it .
which he made to abound toward us in all wisdom and prudence ,
aaron was one hundred twenty - three years old when he died in mount hor .
god said , let there be lights in the expanse of sky to divide the day from the night ; and let them be for signs , and for seasons , and for days and years ;
if a man have two wives , the one beloved , and the other hated , and they have borne him children , both the beloved and the hated ; and if the firstborn son be hers who was hated ;
the singers the sons of asaph were in their place , according to the commandment of david , and asaph , and heman , and jeduthun the king 's seer ; and the porters were at every gate : they did n't need to depart from their service ; for their brothers the levites prepared for them .
david said to his men , gird you on every man his sword . they girded on every man his sword ; and david also girded on his sword : and there went up after david about four hundred men ; and two hundred abode by the baggage .
when they go , i will spread my net on them . i will bring them down like the birds of the sky . i will chastise them , as their congregation has heard .
but zerubbabel , and jeshua , and the rest of the heads of fathers ' houses of israel , said to them , you have nothing to do with us in building a house to our god ; but we ourselves together will build to yahweh , the god of israel , as king cyrus the king of persia has commanded us .
moreover the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
you shall wash your clothes on the seventh day , and you shall be clean ; and afterward you shall come into the camp .
but jehoiada the priest took a chest , and bored a hole in the lid of it , and set it beside the altar , on the right side as one comes into the house of yahweh : and the priests who kept the threshold put therein all the money that was brought into the house of yahweh .
my face is red with weeping . deep darkness is on my eyelids .
the priest shall offer the sin offering , and make atonement for him who is to be cleansed because of his uncleanness : and afterward he shall kill the burnt offering ;
my father , who has given them to me , is greater than all . no one is able to snatch them out of my father 's hand .
so they set them up micah 's engraved image which he made , all the time that the house of god was in shiloh .
when the child was grown , it fell on a day , that he went out to his father to the reapers .
jerusalem , jerusalem , that kills the prophets , and stones those who are sent to her ! how often i wanted to gather your children together , like a hen gathers her own brood under her wings , and you refused !
there came to him sadducees , who say that there is no resurrection . they asked him , saying ,
yahweh said to moses , take all the chiefs of the people , and hang them up to yahweh before the sun , that the fierce anger of yahweh may turn away from israel .
but they mocked the messengers of god , and despised his words , and scoffed at his prophets , until the wrath of yahweh arose against his people , until there was no remedy .
even those who were numbered of them , by their families , by their fathers ' houses , were two thousand six hundred thirty .
he said to him , which ones ? jesus said , you shall not murder . ' you shall not commit adultery . ' you shall not steal . ' you shall not offer false testimony . '
jesus answered them , did n't i choose you , the twelve , and one of you is a devil ?
for one will hardly die for a righteous man . yet perhaps for a righteous person someone would even dare to die .
i will open my mouth in a parable . i will utter dark sayings of old ,
take your father and your households , and come to me , and i will give you the good of the land of egypt , and you will eat the fat of the land . '
they struck the men who were at the door of the house with blindness , both small and great , so that they wearied themselves to find the door .
jacob said to him , my lord knows that the children are tender , and that the flocks and herds with me have their young , and if they overdrive them one day , all the flocks will die .
and your strength will be spent in vain ; for your land wo n't yield its increase , neither will the trees of the land yield their fruit .
rejoice you with jerusalem , and be glad for her , all you who love her : rejoice for joy with her , all you who mourn over her ;
the elders of the congregation shall lay their hands on the head of the bull before yahweh ; and the bull shall be killed before yahweh .
all nations shall call you blessed , for you will be a delightful land , says yahweh of armies .
in his days nebuchadnezzar king of babylon came up , and jehoiakim became his servant three years : then he turned and rebelled against him .
moreover of the children of the strangers who sojourn among you , of them you may buy , and of their families who are with you , which they have conceived in your land ; and they will be your property .
he charged us to preach to the people and to testify that this is he who is appointed by god as the judge of the living and the dead .
all the house of joseph , his brothers , and his father 's house . only their little ones , their flocks , and their herds , they left in the land of goshen .
you have not known him , but i know him . if i said , i do n't know him , ' i would be like you , a liar . but i know him , and keep his word .
and the lord make you to increase and abound in love one toward another , and toward all men , even as we also do toward you ,
after the uproar had ceased , paul sent for the disciples , took leave of them , and departed to go into macedonia .
jehoshaphat slept with his fathers , and was buried with his fathers in the city of david : and jehoram his son reigned in his place .
the anger of yahweh was kindled against israel , and he sold them into the hand of the philistines , and into the hand of the children of ammon .
for an unloved woman when she is married ; and a handmaid who is heir to her mistress .
they kill the widow and the alien , and murder the fatherless .
joab the son of zeruiah , and the servants of david , went out , and met them by the pool of gibeon ; and they sat down , the one on the one side of the pool , and the other on the other side of the pool .
some pour out gold from the bag , and weigh silver in the balance . they hire a goldsmith , and he makes it a god . they fall downyes , they worship .
he causes all , the small and the great , the rich and the poor , and the free and the slave , to be given marks on their right hands , or on their foreheads ;
in the meanwhile , the disciples urged him , saying , rabbi , eat .
and strip aaron of his garments , and put them on eleazar his son : and aaron shall be gathered to his people , and shall die there .
a voice came to him again the second time , what god has cleansed , you must not call unclean .
for my sighing comes before i eat , my groanings are poured out like water .
and cast him into the abyss , and shut it , and sealed it over him , that he should deceive the nations no more , until the thousand years were finished . after this , he must be freed for a short time .
tear your heart , and not your garments , and turn to yahweh , your god ; for he is gracious and merciful , slow to anger , and abundant in loving kindness , and relents from sending calamity .
i have trodden the winepress alone ; and of the peoples there was no man with me : yes , i trod them in my anger , and trampled them in my wrath ; and their lifeblood is sprinkled on my garments , and i have stained all my clothing .
be diligent to come to me soon ,
but he shall acknowledge the firstborn , the son of the hated , by giving him a double portion of all that he has ; for he is the beginning of his strength ; the right of the firstborn is his .
you shall not lie with any animal to defile yourself with it ; neither shall any woman give herself to an animal , to lie down with it : it is a perversion .
nor height , nor depth , nor any other created thing , will be able to separate us from the love of god , which is in christ jesus our lord .
better is the end of a thing than its beginning . the patient in spirit is better than the proud in spirit .
balak did as balaam had spoken ; and balak and balaam offered on every altar a bull and a ram .
the children of israel again did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh : and yahweh strengthened eglon the king of moab against israel , because they had done that which was evil in the sight of yahweh .
the tent , its outer covering , its roof , its clasps , its boards , its bars , its pillars , and its sockets ;
then he came , and he took it out of the right hand of him who sat on the throne .
saying , prophesy to us , you christ ! who hit you ?
yahweh said to moses , yet one plague more will i bring on pharaoh , and on egypt ; afterwards he will let you go . when he lets you go , he will surely thrust you out altogether .
i took your sin , the calf which you had made , and burnt it with fire , and stamped it , grinding it very small , until it was as fine as dust : and i cast the dust of it into the brook that descended out of the mountain .
make me savory food , such as i love , and bring it to me , that i may eat , and that my soul may bless you before i die .
my son , give me your heart ; and let your eyes keep in my ways .
do n't speak against one another , brothers . he who speaks against a brother and judges his brother , speaks against the law and judges the law . but if you judge the law , you are not a doer of the law , but a judge .
they began to accuse him , saying , we found this man perverting the nation , forbidding paying taxes to caesar , and saying that he himself is christ , a king .
forty - one years reigned he in jerusalem : and his mother 's name was maacah the daughter of abishalom .
the words of jeremiah the son of hilkiah , of the priests who were in anathoth in the land of benjamin :
now david fled , and escaped , and came to samuel to ramah , and told him all that saul had done to him . he and samuel went and lived in naioth .
a man of many companions may be ruined , but there is a friend who sticks closer than a brother .
have the workers of iniquity no knowledge , who eat up my people as they eat bread , and do n't call on god ?
david sent messengers to the men of jabesh gilead , and said to them , blessed be you of yahweh , that you have shown this kindness to your lord , even to saul , and have buried him .
he blessed him , and said , blessed be abram of god most high , possessor of heaven and earth :
having eyes full of adultery , and who ca n't cease from sin ; enticing unsettled souls ; having a heart trained in greed ; children of cursing ;
we know and have believed the love which god has for us . god is love , and he who remains in love remains in god , and god remains in him .
that it might take hold of the ends of the earth , and shake the wicked out of it ?
when he rose up from his prayer , he came to the disciples , and found them sleeping because of grief ,
the watchman said , i think the running of the foremost is like the running of ahimaaz the son of zadok . the king said , he is a good man , and comes with good news .
behold , the acts of asa , first and last , behold , they are written in the book of the kings of judah and israel .
wo n't i in that day , says yahweh , destroy the wise men out of edom , and understanding out of the mountain of esau ?
in the day of my trouble i sought the lord . my hand was stretched out in the night , and did n't get tired . my soul refused to be comforted .
yahweh rewarded me according to my righteousness ; according to the cleanness of my hands has he recompensed me .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
then joshua called the reubenites , and the gadites , and the half - tribe of manasseh ,
he said to the levites who taught all israel , who were holy to yahweh , put the holy ark in the house which solomon the son of david king of israel did build ; there shall no more be a burden on your shoulders : now serve yahweh your god , and his people israel .
they all as one began to make excuses . the first said to him , i have bought a field , and i must go and see it . please have me excused . '
i will stretch out my hand against judah , and against all the inhabitants of jerusalem . i will cut off the remnant of baal from this place : the name of the idolatrous and pagan priests ,
then shall your light break forth as the morning , and your healing shall spring forth speedily ; and your righteousness shall go before you ; the glory of yahweh shall be your rear guard .
your children shall be wanderers in the wilderness forty years , and shall bear your prostitution , until your dead bodies be consumed in the wilderness .
while i am in the world , i am the light of the world .
his ways are prosperous at all times ; he is haughty , and your laws are far from his sight : as for all his adversaries , he sneers at them .
not that we are sufficient of ourselves , to account anything as from ourselves ; but our sufficiency is from god ;
the six hundred men girt with their weapons of war , who were of the children of dan , stood by the entrance of the gate .
they ought to have been here before you , and to make accusation , if they had anything against me .
for the children of israel and the children of levi shall bring the wave offering of the grain , of the new wine , and of the oil , to the chambers , where are the vessels of the sanctuary , and the priests who minister , and the porters , and the singers : and we will not forsake the house of our god .
the five men who went to spy out the land went up , and came in there , and took the engraved image , and the ephod , and the teraphim , and the molten image : and the priest stood by the entrance of the gate with the six hundred men girt with weapons of war .
am i a god at hand , says yahweh , and not a god afar off ?
josiah was eight years old when he began to reign ; and he reigned thirty - one years in jerusalem .
your lips , my bride , drip like the honeycomb . honey and milk are under your tongue . the smell of your garments is like the smell of lebanon .
it will happen at the harvests , that you shall give a fifth to pharaoh , and four parts will be your own , for seed of the field , for your food , for them of your households , and for food for your little ones .
there was a certain jew in shushan the palace , whose name was mordecai , the son of jair , the son of shimei , the son of kish , a benjamite ,
a sword shall come on egypt , and anguish shall be in ethiopia , when the slain shall fall in egypt ; and they shall take away her multitude , and her foundations shall be broken down .
pour out your wrath on the nations that do n't know you ; on the kingdoms that do n't call on your name ;
king solomon raised a levy out of all israel ; and the levy was thirty thousand men .
do n't receive an accusation against an elder , except at the word of two or three witnesses .
the deep says , it is n't in me . ' the sea says , it is n't with me . '
the fish that are in the river shall die , and the river shall become foul ; and the egyptians shall loathe to drink water from the river . '
the lord announced the word . the ones who proclaim it are a great company .
aaron shall lay both his hands on the head of the live goat , and confess over him all the iniquities of the children of israel , and all their transgressions , even all their sins ; and he shall put them on the head of the goat , and shall send him away into the wilderness by the hand of a man who is in readiness .
isaac came from the way of beer lahai roi , for he lived in the land of the south .
the priest 's heart was glad , and he took the ephod , and the teraphim , and the engraved image , and went in the midst of the people .
the thin heads of grain swallowed up the seven healthy and full ears . pharaoh awoke , and behold , it was a dream .
but thomas , one of the twelve , called didymus , was n't with them when jesus came .
until the time that his word happened , and yahweh 's word proved him true .
ezra the priest stood up , and said to them , you have trespassed , and have married foreign women , to increase the guilt of israel .
but israel , following after a law of righteousness , did n't arrive at the law of righteousness .
the keeper of the prison did n't look after anything that was under his hand , because yahweh was with him ; and that which he did , yahweh made it prosper .
brothers , i may tell you freely of the patriarch david , that he both died and was buried , and his tomb is with us to this day .
six days shall work be done , but on the seventh day is a sabbath of solemn rest , holy to yahweh . whoever does any work on the sabbath day shall surely be put to death .
he shall kill the lamb of the trespass offering . the priest shall take some of the blood of the trespass offering and put it on the tip of the right ear of him who is to be cleansed , and on the thumb of his right hand , and on the big toe of his right foot .
i , jesus , have sent my angel to testify these things to you for the assemblies . i am the root and the offspring of david ; the bright and morning star .
everyone therefore who confesses me before men , him i will also confess before my father who is in heaven .
but jehoshaphat said , is n't there here a prophet of yahweh , that we may inquire of yahweh by him ? one of the king of israel 's servants answered , elisha the son of shaphat is here , who poured water on the hands of elijah .
when abner was returned to hebron , joab took him aside into the midst of the gate to speak with him quietly , and struck him there in the body , so that he died , for the blood of asahel his brother .
be strong and of good courage ; for you shall cause this people to inherit the land which i swore to their fathers to give them .
yet it pleased yahweh to bruise him ; he has put him to grief : when you shall make his soul an offering for sin , he shall see his seed , he shall prolong his days , and the pleasure of yahweh shall prosper in his hand .
moses took the rod from before yahweh , as he commanded him .
she laid up his garment by her , until his master came home .
his lord said to him , well done , good and faithful servant . you have been faithful over a few things , i will set you over many things . enter into the joy of your lord . '
they asked baruch , saying , tell us now , how did you write all these words at his mouth ?
they sent a letter to him , in which was written thus : to darius the king , all peace .
the wind blows where it wants to , and you hear its sound , but do n't know where it comes from and where it is going . so is everyone who is born of the spirit .
he went on his journeys from the south even to bethel , to the place where his tent had been at the beginning , between bethel and ai ,
but have lifted up yourself against the lord of heaven ; and they have brought the vessels of his house before you , and you and your lords , your wives and your concubines , have drunk wine from them ; and you have praised the gods of silver and gold , of brass , iron , wood , and stone , which do n't see , nor hear , nor know ; and the god in whose hand your breath is , and whose are all your ways , you have not glorified .
therefore hear now this , you afflicted , and drunken , but now with wine :
from now on , let no one cause me any trouble , for i bear the marks of the lord jesus branded on my body .
if you shall keep all this commandment to do it , which i command you this day , to love yahweh your god , and to walk ever in his ways ; then shall you add three cities more for you , besides these three :
then achish gave him ziklag that day : why ziklag pertains to the kings of judah to this day .
the kings of the earth , the princes , the commanding officers , the rich , the strong , and every slave and free person , hid themselves in the caves and in the rocks of the mountains .
my eye shall not spare you , neither will i have pity ; but i will bring your ways on you , and your abominations shall be in the midst of you : and you shall know that i am yahweh .
then his sister said to pharaoh 's daughter , should i go and call a nurse for you from the hebrew women , that she may nurse the child for you ?
then i looked , and see , in the expanse that was over the head of the cherubim there appeared above them as it were a sapphire stone , as the appearance of the likeness of a throne .
let them vanish as water that flows away . when they draw the bow , let their arrows be made blunt .
my heart was hot within me . while i meditated , the fire burned : i spoke with my tongue :
when they had appointed elders for them in every assembly , and had prayed with fasting , they commended them to the lord , on whom they had believed .
not everyone who says to me , lord , lord , ' will enter into the kingdom of heaven ; but he who does the will of my father who is in heaven .
thus said yahweh to me : go , and stand in the gate of the children of the people , through which the kings of judah come in , and by which they go out , and in all the gates of jerusalem ;
there is silver beaten into plates , which is brought from tarshish , and gold from uphaz , the work of the artificer and of the hands of the goldsmith ; blue and purple for their clothing ; they are all the work of skillful men .
this is the message which we have heard from him and announce to you , that god is light , and in him is no darkness at all .
turn your ear , and listen to the words of the wise . apply your heart to my teaching .
let them be desolate by reason of their shame that tell me , aha ! aha !
yes , and all who desire to live godly in christ jesus will suffer persecution .
david took from him one thousand seven hundred horsemen , and twenty thousand footmen : and david hamstrung all the chariot horses , but reserved of them for one hundred chariots .
the children of israel spoke to moses , saying , behold , we perish , we are undone , we are all undone .
the word which came to jeremiah from yahweh , when king zedekiah sent to him pashhur the son of malchijah , and zephaniah the son of maaseiah , the priest , saying ,
after this it happened , that david struck the philistines , and subdued them , and took gath and its towns out of the hand of the philistines .
now he said this , not because he cared for the poor , but because he was a thief , and having the money box , used to steal what was put into it .
the men of israel and of judah arose , and shouted , and pursued the philistines , until you come to gai , and to the gates of ekron . the wounded of the philistines fell down by the way to shaaraim , even to gath , and to ekron .
who also sealed us , and gave us the down payment of the spirit in our hearts .
ezra the scribe stood on a pulpit of wood , which they had made for the purpose ; and beside him stood mattithiah , and shema , and anaiah , and uriah , and hilkiah , and maaseiah , on his right hand ; and on his left hand , pedaiah , and mishael , and malchijah , and hashum , and hashbaddanah , zechariah , and meshullam .
in a dream , in a vision of the night , when deep sleep falls on men , in slumbering on the bed ;
one golden ladle of ten shekels , full of incense ;
above all , taking up the shield of faith , with which you will be able to quench all the fiery darts of the evil one .
what i tell you in the darkness , speak in the light ; and what you hear whispered in the ear , proclaim on the housetops .
my lips shall shout for joy ! my soul , which you have redeemed , sings praises to you !
bearing with one another , and forgiving each other , if any man has a complaint against any ; even as christ forgave you , so you also do .
the mirth of tambourines ceases . the sound of those who rejoice ends . the joy of the harp ceases .
i will make your pinnacles of rubies , and your gates of emeralds , and all your border of precious stones .
also for the sons of aaron the priests , who were in the fields of the suburbs of their cities , in every city , there were men who were mentioned by name , to give portions to all the males among the priests , and to all who were reckoned by genealogy among the levites .
and that you make it your ambition to lead a quiet life , and to do your own business , and to work with your own hands , even as we charged you ;
on the day of our king , the princes made themselves sick with the heat of wine . he joined his hand with mockers .
they go from strength to strength . everyone of them appears before god in zion .
the bloodthirsty hate a man of integrity ; and they seek the life of the upright .
therefore is my harp turned to mourning , and my pipe into the voice of those who weep .
now the apostles and the brothers who were in judea heard that the gentiles had also received the word of god .
then samuel took the horn of oil , and anointed him in the midst of his brothers : and the spirit of yahweh came mightily on david from that day forward . so samuel rose up , and went to ramah .
yahweh your god will make you plenteous in all the work of your hand , in the fruit of your body , and in the fruit of your livestock , and in the fruit of your ground , for good : for yahweh will again rejoice over you for good , as he rejoiced over your fathers ;
but our god is in the heavens . he does whatever he pleases .
in his days pharaoh necoh king of egypt went up against the king of assyria to the river euphrates : and king josiah went against him ; and pharaoh necoh killed him at megiddo , when he had seen him .
for you are my lamp , yahweh ; yahweh will lighten my darkness .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
to whom our fathers would n't be obedient , but rejected him , and turned back in their hearts to egypt ,
therefore , o king , let my counsel be acceptable to you , and break off your sins by righteousness , and your iniquities by showing mercy to the poor ; if there may be a lengthening of your tranquillity .
he cropped off the topmost of the young twigs of it , and carried it to a land of traffic ; he set it in a city of merchants .
in the first year of cyrus the king , cyrus the king made a decree : concerning the house of god at jerusalem , let the house be built , the place where they offer sacrifices , and let the foundations of it be strongly laid ; the height of it sixty cubits , and the breadth of it sixty cubits ;
thus says the lord yahweh : if the prince give a gift to any of his sons , it is his inheritance , it shall belong to his sons ; it is their possession by inheritance .
then the kingdom of heaven will be like ten virgins , who took their lamps , and went out to meet the bridegroom .
so will i break down the wall that you have daubed with whitewash , and bring it down to the ground , so that the foundation of it shall be uncovered ; and it shall fall , and you shall be consumed in the midst of it : and you shall know that i am yahweh .
abraham circumcised his son , isaac , when he was eight days old , as god had commanded him .
he restored the eleven hundred pieces of silver to his mother ; and his mother said , i most assuredly dedicate the silver to yahweh from my hand for my son , to make an engraved image and a molten image : now therefore i will restore it to you .
the likeness of anything that creeps on the ground , the likeness of any fish that is in the water under the earth ;
only the tribe of levi you shall not number , neither shall you take a census of them among the children of israel ;
according as it is written , god gave them a spirit of stupor , eyes that they should not see , and ears that they should not hear , to this very day .
listen to me , house of jacob , and all the remnant of the house of israel , that have been borne by me from their birth , that have been carried from the womb ;
son of man , set your face toward the mountains of israel , and prophesy to them ,
a woman , when she gives birth , has sorrow , because her time has come . but when she has delivered the child , she does n't remember the anguish any more , for the joy that a human being is born into the world .
all the people shall hear , and fear , and do no more presumptuously .
one of the seven angels who had the seven bowls came and spoke with me , saying , come here . i will show you the judgment of the great prostitute who sits on many waters ,
but when the jews spoke against it , i was constrained to appeal to caesar , not that i had anything about which to accuse my nation .
but you , yahweh , have mercy on me , and raise me up , that i may repay them .
they went in to the king into the court ; but they had laid up the scroll in the chamber of elishama the scribe ; and they told all the words in the ears of the king .
he said , tomorrow . he said , be it according to your word , that you may know that there is none like yahweh our god .
however the king of the children of ammon did n't listen to the words of jephthah which he sent him .
jesus entered into the temple in jerusalem . when he had looked around at everything , it being now evening , he went out to bethany with the twelve .
jotham slept with his fathers , and they buried him in the city of david : and ahaz his son reigned in his place .
when they came to the threshing floor of chidon , uzza put forth his hand to hold the ark ; for the oxen stumbled .
all our enemies have opened their mouth wide against us .
blessed is he who considers the poor : yahweh will deliver him in the day of evil .
in you have they uncovered their fathers ' nakedness ; in you have they humbled her who was unclean in her impurity .
whoever lives and believes in me will never die . do you believe this ?
you are yahweh , even you alone ; you have made heaven , the heaven of heavens , with all their army , the earth and all things that are thereon , the seas and all that is in them , and you preserve them all ; and the army of heaven worships you .
therefore he sacrifices to his net , and burns incense to his dragnet , because by them his life is luxurious , and his food is good .
but you , brothers , are n't in darkness , that the day should overtake you like a thief .
how he was caught up into paradise , and heard unspeakable words , which it is not lawful for a man to utter .
it may be they will listen , and turn every man from his evil way ; that i may repent me of the evil which i purpose to do to them because of the evil of their doings .
if you were of the world , the world would love its own . but because you are not of the world , since i chose you out of the world , therefore the world hates you .
therefore do n't be like them , for your father knows what things you need , before you ask him .
god came to balaam , and said , what men are these with you ?
if the spirit of the ruler rises up against you , do n't leave your place ; for gentleness lays great offenses to rest .
he rebukes the sea , and makes it dry , and dries up all the rivers . bashan languishes , and carmel ; and the flower of lebanon languishes .
do n't be among ones drinking too much wine , or those who gorge themselves on meat :
so the king of israel went , and the king of judah , and the king of edom ; and they made a circuit of seven days ' journey : and there was no water for the army , nor for the animals that followed them .
now while the bridegroom delayed , they all slumbered and slept .
yahweh said , who shall entice ahab , that he may go up and fall at ramoth gilead ? one said on this manner ; and another said on that manner .
those who were numbered of the sons of gershon , their families , and by their fathers ' houses ,
he who corrects a mocker invites insult . he who reproves a wicked man invites abuse .
remember , i beg you , that you have fashioned me as clay . will you bring me into dust again ?
then the spirit entered into me , and set me on my feet ; and he spoke with me , and said to me , go , shut yourself within your house .
the children of israel did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh , and forgot yahweh their god , and served the baals and the asheroth .
when they could not come near to him for the crowd , they removed the roof where he was . when they had broken it up , they let down the mat that the paralytic was lying on .
concerning the good news , they are enemies for your sake . but concerning the election , they are beloved for the fathers ' sake .
as for the earth , out of it comes bread ; underneath it is turned up as it were by fire .
though wickedness is sweet in his mouth , though he hide it under his tongue ,
say among the nations , yahweh reigns . the world is also established . it ca n't be moved . he will judge the peoples with equity .
for indeed i bend judah as a bow for me . i have filled the bow with ephraim ; and i will stir up your sons , zion , against your sons , greece , and will make you like the sword of a mighty man .
let our people also learn to maintain good works for necessary uses , that they may not be unfruitful .
for if you shall diligently keep all this commandment which i command you , to do it , to love yahweh your god , to walk in all his ways , and to cleave to him ;
one male goat for a sin offering ;
for you will bless the righteous . yahweh , you will surround him with favor as with a shield .
of the tribe of zebulun twelve thousand , of the tribe of joseph twelve thousand , of the tribe of benjamin were sealed twelve thousand .
when much time had passed and the voyage was now dangerous , because the fast had now already gone by , paul admonished them ,
the dogs shall eat jezebel in the portion of jezreel , and there shall be none to bury her . he opened the door , and fled .
seven weeks shall you number to you : from the time you begin to put the sickle to the standing grain shall you begin to number seven weeks .
he said , yah has sworn : yahweh will have war with amalek from generation to generation . '
for has any said to god , i am guilty , but i will not offend any more .
the construction of its wall was jasper . the city was pure gold , like pure glass .
men will dwell therein , and there will be no more curse ; but jerusalem will dwell safely .
now when jesus heard that john was delivered up , he withdrew into galilee .
it shall be a perpetual statute to them : and he who sprinkles the water for impurity shall wash his clothes , and he who touches the water for impurity shall be unclean until even .
this is the day that yahweh has made . we will rejoice and be glad in it !
judah went up ; and yahweh delivered the canaanites and the perizzites into their hand : and they struck of them in bezek ten thousand men .
he said to another , follow me ! but he said , lord , allow me first to go and bury my father .
i shall be condemned ; why then do i labor in vain ?
you shall walk after yahweh your god , and fear him , and keep his commandments , and obey his voice , and you shall serve him , and cleave to him .
look at zion , the city of our appointed festivals . your eyes will see jerusalem , a quiet habitation , a tent that wo n't be removed . its stakes will never be plucked up , nor will any of its cords be broken .
and he said , if esau comes to the one company , and strikes it , then the company which is left will escape .
there shall you remember your ways , and all your doings , in which you have polluted yourselves ; and you shall loathe yourselves in your own sight for all your evils that you have committed .
the rich shall not give more , and the poor shall not give less , than the half shekel , when they give the offering of yahweh , to make atonement for your souls .
he erected an altar there , and called it el elohe israel .
the servants of saul told him , saying , on this manner spoke david .
for i am with you , says yahweh , to save you : for i will make a full end of all the nations where i have scattered you , but i will not make a full end of you ; but i will correct you in measure , and will in no way leave you unpunished .
and love the place of honor at feasts , the best seats in the synagogues ,
the people went out , and plundered the camp of the syrians . so a measure of fine flour was sold for a shekel , and two measures of barley for a shekel , according to the word of yahweh .
for the house of israel and the house of judah have dealt very treacherously against me , says yahweh .
cursed be he who lies with his mother - in - law . all the people shall say , amen .
again , when you have accomplished these , you shall lie on your right side , and shall bear the iniquity of the house of judah : forty days , each day for a year , have i appointed it to you .
but concerning the times and the seasons , brothers , you have no need that anything be written to you .
and the inhabitants of one shall go to another , saying , let us go speedily to entreat the favor of yahweh , and to seek yahweh of armies . i will go also . '
he humbled you , and allowed you to hunger , and fed you with manna , which you did n't know , neither did your fathers know ; that he might make you know that man does not live by bread only , but by everything that proceeds out of the mouth of yahweh does man live .
then call , and i will answer ; or let me speak , and you answer me .
who covers the sky with clouds , who prepares rain for the earth , who makes grass grow on the mountains .
solomon told her all her questions ; and there was not anything hid from solomon which he did n't tell her .
in whom you also are built together for a habitation of god in the spirit .
what has been done this day , so yahweh has commanded to do , to make atonement for you .
but as for me , i know that my redeemer lives . in the end , he will stand upon the earth .
but all the girls , who have not known man by lying with him , keep alive for yourselves .
watch therefore , for you do n't know in what hour your lord comes .
for nothing is hidden , that will not be revealed ; nor anything secret , that will not be known and come to light .
and the border shall turn about from azmon to the brook of egypt , and the goings out of it shall be at the sea .
he looked , and behold , there was at his head a cake baked on the coals , and a jar of water . he ate and drink , and laid him down again .
sing , barren , you who did n't bear ; break forth into singing , and cry aloud , you who did not travail with child : for more are the children of the desolate than the children of the married wife , says yahweh .
go up to the mountain , bring wood , and build the house . i will take pleasure in it , and i will be glorified , says yahweh .
you shall not lend him your money at interest , nor give him your food for profit .
jeroboam said in his heart , now will the kingdom return to the house of david :
i have no need for a bull from your stall , nor male goats from your pens .
for you have forgotten the god of your salvation , and have not remembered the rock of your strength . therefore you plant pleasant plants , and set out foreign seedlings .
the servants of the householder came and said to him , sir , did n't you sow good seed in your field ? where did this darnel come from ? '
when it was day , he departed and went into an uninhabited place , and the multitudes looked for him , and came to him , and held on to him , so that he would n't go away from them .
sing to yahweh ! bless his name ! proclaim his salvation from day to day !
he will consume the glory of his forest , and of his fruitful field , both soul and body . it will be as when a standard bearer faints .
so the posts went with the letters from the king and his princes throughout all israel and judah , and according to the commandment of the king , saying , you children of israel , turn again to yahweh , the god of abraham , isaac , and israel , that he may return to the remnant that have escaped of you out of the hand of the kings of assyria .
they have passed away as the swift ships , as the eagle that swoops on the prey .
esther 's maidens and her chamberlains came and told it her ; and the queen was exceedingly grieved : and she sent clothing to clothe mordecai , and to take his sackcloth from off him ; but he did n't receive it .
i thought to disclose it to you , saying , buy it before those who sit here , and before the elders of my people . if you will redeem it , redeem it : but if you will not redeem it , then tell me , that i may know ; for there is none to redeem it besides you ; and i am after you . he said , i will redeem it .
everyone , with whom was found blue , purple , scarlet , fine linen , goats ' hair , rams ' skins dyed red , and sea cow hides , brought them .
yahweh did according to the word of moses , and the frogs died out of the houses , out of the courts , and out of the fields .
so all the men of israel went up from following david , and followed sheba the son of bichri ; but the men of judah joined with their king , from the jordan even to jerusalem .
when all the kings who were servants to hadarezer saw that they were put to the worse before israel , they made peace with israel , and served them . so the syrians feared to help the children of ammon any more .
david commanded to gather together the foreigners who were in the land of israel ; and he set masons to hew worked stones to build the house of god .
but ishmael the son of nethaniah escaped from johanan with eight men , and went to the children of ammon .
there ran a young man , and told moses , and said , eldad and medad do prophesy in the camp .
there is a way which seems right to a man , but in the end it leads to death .
and because he did n't need for anyone to testify concerning man ; for he himself knew what was in man .
you shall not eat any blood , whether it is of bird or of animal , in any of your dwellings .
he struck moab , and measured them with the line , making them to lie down on the ground ; and he measured two lines to put to death , and one full line to keep alive . the moabites became servants to david , and brought tribute .
ask a sign of yahweh your god ; ask it either in the depth , or in the height above .
turn you us to you , yahweh , and we shall be turned ; renew our days as of old .
flee for safety , you children of benjamin , out of the midst of jerusalem , and blow the trumpet in tekoa , and raise up a signal on beth haccherem ; for evil looks forth from the north , and a great destruction .
there is a generation whose teeth are like swords , and their jaws like knives , to devour the poor from the earth , and the needy from among men .
then he will say also to those on the left hand , depart from me , you cursed , into the eternal fire which is prepared for the devil and his angels ;
for we are not as so many , peddling the word of god . but as of sincerity , but as of god , in the sight of god , we speak in christ .
and we will cut wood out of lebanon , as much as you shall need ; and we will bring it to you in floats by sea to joppa ; and you shall carry it up to jerusalem .
daniel spoke and said , i saw in my vision by night , and , behold , the four winds of the sky broke forth on the great sea .
that which is crooked ca n't be made straight ; and that which is lacking ca n't be counted .
he has violently taken away his tent , as if it were of a garden ; he has destroyed his place of assembly : yahweh has caused solemn assembly and sabbath to be forgotten in zion , has despised in the indignation of his anger the king and the priest .
looking around at those who sat around him , he said , behold , my mother and my brothers !
yahweh was very angry with aaron to destroy him : and i prayed for aaron also at the same time .
in this confidence , i was determined to come first to you , that you might have a second benefit ;
but they did n't understand this saying . it was concealed from them , that they should not perceive it , and they were afraid to ask him about this saying .
in the third month after the children of israel had gone forth out of the land of egypt , on that same day they came into the wilderness of sinai .
remember lot 's wife !
according to all these words , and according to all this vision , so did nathan speak to david .
for you all can prophesy one by one , that all may learn , and all may be exhorted .
they shall teach jacob your ordinances , israel your law : they shall put incense before you , whole burnt offering on your altar .
and he went after the man of israel into the pavilion , and thrust both of them through , the man of israel , and the woman through her body . so the plague was stayed from the children of israel .
she gave the king one hundred and twenty talents of gold , and spices in great abundance , and precious stones : neither was there any such spice as the queen of sheba gave to king solomon .
afterward moses and aaron came , and said to pharaoh , this is what yahweh , the god of israel , says , let my people go , that they may hold a feast to me in the wilderness . '
all the firstborn males that are born of your herd and of your flock you shall sanctify to yahweh your god : you shall do no work with the firstborn of your herd , nor shear the firstborn of your flock .
let no man therefore judge you in eating , or in drinking , or with respect to a feast day or a new moon or a sabbath day ,
you have multiplied your slain in this city , and you have filled the streets of it with the slain .
she said to him , not so , because this great wrong in putting me forth is worse than the other that you did to me . but he would not listen to her .
then hear you in heaven , and do , and judge your servants , condemning the wicked , to bring his way on his own head , and justifying the righteous , to give him according to his righteousness .
moreover you shall tell them , thus says yahweh : shall men fall , and not rise up again ? shall one turn away , and not return ?
they did n't thirst when he led them through the deserts ; he caused the waters to flow out of the rock for them ; he split the rock also , and the waters gushed out .
now therefore thus says yahweh , you shall not come down from the bed where you are gone up , but shall surely die . elijah departed .
at that time hanani the seer came to asa king of judah , and said to him , because you have relied on the king of syria , and have not relied on yahweh your god , therefore is the army of the king of syria escaped out of your hand .
let no man say when he is tempted , i am tempted by god , for god ca n't be tempted by evil , and he himself tempts no one .
set a wicked man over him . let an adversary stand at his right hand .
in the twelfth year of joram the son of ahab king of israel did ahaziah the son of jehoram king of judah begin to reign .
asa did that which was good and right in the eyes of yahweh his god :
oh the depth of the riches both of the wisdom and the knowledge of god ! how unsearchable are his judgments , and his ways past tracing out !
then eliashib the high priest rose up with his brothers the priests , and they built the sheep gate ; they sanctified it , and set up the doors of it ; even to the tower of hammeah they sanctified it , to the tower of hananel .
of the one thousand seven hundred seventy - five shekels he made hooks for the pillars , overlaid their capitals , and made fillets for them .
for your servant david 's sake , do n't turn away the face of your anointed one .
i was alive apart from the law once , but when the commandment came , sin revived , and i died .
the king and his men went to jerusalem against the jebusites , the inhabitants of the land , who spoke to david , saying , except you take away the blind and the lame , you shall not come in here ; thinking , david ca n't come in here .
also day by day , from the first day to the last day , he read in the book of the law of god . they kept the feast seven days ; and on the eighth day was a solemn assembly , according to the ordinance .
behold , i will do a new thing ; now shall it spring forth ; shall you not know it ? i will even make a way in the wilderness , and rivers in the desert .
turn my eyes away from looking at worthless things . revive me in your ways .
among whom you are also called to belong to jesus christ ;
for the canaanites and all the inhabitants of the land will hear of it , and will compass us round , and cut off our name from the earth : and what will you do for your great name ?
who have kept with your servant david my father that which you did promise him : yes , you spoke with your mouth , and have fulfilled it with your hand , as it is this day .
know that yahweh , he is god . it is he who has made us , and we are his . we are his people , and the sheep of his pasture .
there was no water for the congregation : and they assembled themselves together against moses and against aaron .
for what the law could n't do , in that it was weak through the flesh , god did , sending his own son in the likeness of sinful flesh and for sin , he condemned sin in the flesh ;
how long will you hunt for words ? consider , and afterwards we will speak .
arise , god , judge the earth , for you inherit all of the nations .
that i will break the assyrian in my land , and tread him under foot on my mountains . then his yoke will leave them , and his burden leave their shoulders .
but the unclean spirit , when he is gone out of the man , passes through waterless places , seeking rest , and does n't find it .
he will come and destroy these farmers , and will give the vineyard to others . when they heard it , they said , may it never be !
my son , listen to your father 's instruction , and do n't forsake your mother 's teaching :
jacob came in peace to the city of shechem , which is in the land of canaan , when he came from paddan aram ; and encamped before the city .
menahem slept with his fathers ; and pekahiah his son reigned in his place .
the scribes and the pharisees watched him , to see whether he would heal on the sabbath , that they might find an accusation against him .
but if they are questions about words and names and your own law , look to it yourselves . for i do n't want to be a judge of these matters .
amaziah the son of joash king of judah lived after the death of jehoash son of jehoahaz king of israel fifteen years .
the tribes of israel sent men through all the tribe of benjamin , saying , what wickedness is this that is happen among you ?
jesus said , father , forgive them , for they do n't know what they are doing . dividing his garments among them , they cast lots .
my breath is offensive to my wife . i am loathsome to the children of my own mother .
the children of israel set forward according to their journeys out of the wilderness of sinai ; and the cloud abode in the wilderness of paran .
happy are your men , happy are these your servants , who stand continually before you , and who hear your wisdom .
but after that our fathers had provoked the god of heaven to wrath , he gave them into the hand of nebuchadnezzar king of babylon , the chaldean , who destroyed this house , and carried the people away into babylon .
behold , the day , behold , it comes : your doom is gone forth ; the rod has blossomed , pride has budded .
shout against her round about : she has submitted herself ; her bulwarks are fallen , her walls are thrown down ; for it is the vengeance of yahweh : take vengeance on her ; as she has done , do to her .
the archers shot at king josiah ; and the king said to his servants , have me away ; for i am sore wounded .
for the good which i desire , i do n't do ; but the evil which i do n't desire , that i practice .
i am yahweh , your god , who brought you up out of the land of egypt . open your mouth wide , and i will fill it .
when he had said this , he breathed on them , and said to them , receive the holy spirit !
saul and all the people who were with him were gathered together , and came to the battle : and behold , every man 's sword was against his fellow , and there was a very great confusion .
an unfriendly man pursues selfishness , and defies all sound judgment .
apply your heart to instruction , and your ears to the words of knowledge .
he taught them many things in parables , and told them in his teaching ,
take you heed everyone of his neighbor , and do n't you trust in any brother ; for every brother will utterly supplant , and every neighbor will go about with slanders .
i am a stranger on the earth . do n't hide your commandments from me .
the ransomed of yahweh shall return , and come with singing to zion ; and everlasting joy shall be on their heads : they shall obtain gladness and joy ; and sorrow and sighing shall flee away .
the sixth poured out his bowl on the great river , the euphrates . its water was dried up , that the way might be made ready for the kings that come from the sunrise .
now my eyes shall be open , and my ears attentive , to the prayer that is made in this place .
so i have seen you in the sanctuary , watching your power and your glory .
now after i had delivered the deed of the purchase to baruch the son of neriah , i prayed to yahweh , saying ,
you have increased the nation , o yahweh . you have increased the nation ! you are glorified ! you have enlarged all the borders of the land .
at that time , jesus answered , i thank you , father , lord of heaven and earth , that you hid these things from the wise and understanding , and revealed them to infants .
jesus answered him , because i told you , i saw you underneath the fig tree , ' do you believe ? you will see greater things than these !
david said to jonathan , behold , tomorrow is the new moon , and i should not fail to sit with the king at meat : but let me go , that i may hide myself in the field to the third day at evening .
so they sat down with him on the ground seven days and seven nights , and none spoke a word to him , for they saw that his grief was very great .
they prepare the table . they set the watch . they eat . they drink . rise up , you princes , oil the shield !
no one sews a piece of unshrunk cloth on an old garment , or else the patch shrinks and the new tears away from the old , and a worse hole is made .
then the word of yahweh came to jeremiah , after that the king had burned the scroll , and the words which baruch wrote at the mouth of jeremiah , saying ,
do n't withhold your tender mercies from me , yahweh . let your loving kindness and your truth continually preserve me .
my brothers have dealt deceitfully as a brook , as the channel of brooks that pass away ;
and how will they preach unless they are sent ? as it is written : how beautiful are the feet of those who preach the good news of peace , who bring glad tidings of good things !
for the day of yahweh is near all the nations ! as you have done , it will be done to you . your deeds will return upon your own head .
the farmer went out to sow his seed . as he sowed , some fell along the road , and it was trampled under foot , and the birds of the sky devoured it .
you are good , and do good . teach me your statutes .
he spread the covering over the tent , and put the roof of the tent above on it , as yahweh commanded moses .
he who implanted the ear , wo n't he hear ? he who formed the eye , wo n't he see ?
he closed the book , gave it back to the attendant , and sat down . the eyes of all in the synagogue were fastened on him .
the philistines stood on the mountain on the one side , and israel stood on the mountain on the other side : and there was a valley between them .
we have a little sister . she has no breasts . what shall we do for our sister in the day when she is to be spoken for ?
he said to me , son of man , go , get you to the house of israel , and speak with my words to them .
show me the tax money . they brought to him a denarius .
he carried out there all the treasures of the house of yahweh , and the treasures of the king 's house , and cut in pieces all the vessels of gold , which solomon king of israel had made in the temple of yahweh , as yahweh had said .
you have taken my friends from me . you have made me an abomination to them . i am confined , and i ca n't escape .
and cinnamon , incense , perfume , frankincense , wine , olive oil , fine flour , wheat , sheep , horses , chariots , and people 's bodies and souls .
that the creation itself also will be delivered from the bondage of decay into the liberty of the glory of the children of god .
so zedekiah the king swore secretly to jeremiah , saying , as yahweh lives , who made us this soul , i will not put you to death , neither will i give you into the hand of these men who seek your life .
yahweh said to moses , how long do you refuse to keep my commandments and my laws ?
the wilderness and the dry land will be glad . the desert will rejoice and blossom like a rose .
the egyptians shall know that i am yahweh , when i have gotten myself honor over pharaoh , over his chariots , and over his horsemen .
for i tell you , i will no longer by any means eat of it until it is fulfilled in the kingdom of god .
the sky was removed like a scroll when it is rolled up . every mountain and island were moved out of their places .
you shall make curtains of goats ' hair for a covering over the tent : eleven curtains shall you make them .
from the place of his habitation he looks out on all the inhabitants of the earth ,
your children make haste ; your destroyers and those who made you waste shall go forth from you .
i indeed declare , love stands firm forever . you established the heavens . your faithfulness is in them .
yahweh said to moses , take joshua the son of nun , a man in whom is the spirit , and lay your hand on him ;
surely none of the men who came up out of egypt , from twenty years old and upward , shall see the land which i swore to abraham , to isaac , and to jacob ; because they have not wholly followed me :
but the thing displeased samuel , when they said , give us a king to judge us . samuel prayed to yahweh .
the spirit lifted me up , and brought me in the vision by the spirit of god into chaldea , to them of the captivity . so the vision that i had seen went up from me .
it happened , that he was reclining at the table in his house , and many tax collectors and sinners sat down with jesus and his disciples , for there were many , and they followed him .
so that they go around naked without clothing . being hungry , they carry the sheaves .
jephthah said to them , i and my people were at great strife with the children of ammon ; and when i called you , you did n't save me out of their hand .
now , behold , in my affliction i have prepared for the house of yahweh one hundred thousand talents of gold , and one thousand thousand talents of silver , and of brass and iron without weight ; for it is in abundance : timber also and stone have i prepared ; and you may add to them .
arise , and depart ! for this is not your resting place , because of uncleanness that destroys , even with a grievous destruction .
jesus answered , you would have no power at all against me , unless it were given to you from above . therefore he who delivered me to you has greater sin .
and two turtledoves , or two young pigeons , such as he is able to afford ; and the one shall be a sin offering , and the other a burnt offering .
he was listening to paul speaking , who , fastening eyes on him , and seeing that he had faith to be made whole ,
though these three men were in it , as i live , says the lord yahweh , they should deliver neither sons nor daughters , but they only should be delivered themselves .
yahweh said to me , do n't fear him ; for i have delivered him , and all his people , and his land , into your hand ; and you shall do to him as you did to sihon king of the amorites , who lived at heshbon .
then he appeared to over five hundred brothers at once , most of whom remain until now , but some have also fallen asleep .
but if a priest buys a slave , purchased by his money , he shall eat of it ; and such as are born in his house , they shall eat of his bread .
that you may walk in the way of good men , and keep the paths of the righteous .
when you have stayed three days , you shall go down quickly , and come to the place where you did hide yourself when the business was in hand , and shall remain by the stone ezel .
but the vow of a widow , or of her who is divorced , even everything with which she has bound her soul , shall stand against her .
let them judge the people at all times . it shall be that every great matter they shall bring to you , but every small matter they shall judge themselves . so shall it be easier for you , and they shall share the load with you .
when he had determined to pass over into achaia , the brothers encouraged him , and wrote to the disciples to receive him . when he had come , he greatly helped those who had believed through grace ;
yahweh prepared a great fish to swallow up jonah , and jonah was in the belly of the fish three days and three nights .
because he loved your fathers , therefore he chose their seed after them , and brought you out with his presence , with his great power , out of egypt ;
he charged them that they should take nothing for their journey , except a staff only : no bread , no wallet , no money in their purse ,
then went samson down , and his father and his mother , to timnah , and came to the vineyards of timnah : and behold , a young lion roared against him .
two men went up into the temple to pray ; one was a pharisee , and the other was a tax collector .
when a man shall have a rising in his body 's skin , or a scab , or a bright spot , and it becomes in the skin of his body the plague of leprosy , then he shall be brought to aaron the priest , or to one of his sons the priests :
and said to him , run , speak to this young man , saying , jerusalem will be inhabited as villages without walls , because of the multitude of men and livestock in it .
one golden ladle of ten shekels , full of incense ;
the vision of obadiah . this is what the lord yahweh says about edom . we have heard news from yahweh , and an ambassador is sent among the nations , saying , arise , and let 's rise up against her in battle .
when i saw him , i fell at his feet like a dead man . he laid his right hand on me , saying , do n't be afraid . i am the first and the last ,
jacob tore his clothes , and put sackcloth on his waist , and mourned for his son many days .
yet the children of manasseh could n't drive out the inhabitants of those cities ; but the canaanites would dwell in that land .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
now may the lord of peace himself give you peace at all times in all ways . the lord be with you all .
but you shall go to my father 's house , and to my relatives , and take a wife for my son . '
what then shall i do when god rises up ? when he visits , what shall i answer him ?
when the lord saw her , he had compassion on her , and said to her , do n't cry .
there were also that said , we have borrowed money for the king 's tribute on our fields and our vineyards .
when it was evening he came with the twelve .
they went , and came to the mountain , and abode there three days , until the pursuers were returned : and the pursuers sought them throughout all the way , but did n't find them .
sometimes the cloud was from evening until morning ; and when the cloud was taken up in the morning , they traveled : or by day and by night , when the cloud was taken up , they traveled .
but naaman was angry , and went away , and said , behold , i thought , he will surely come out to me , and stand , and call on the name of yahweh his god , and wave his hand over the place , and recover the leper .
do you think that i have come to give peace in the earth ? i tell you , no , but rather division .
wherein you greatly rejoice , though now for a little while , if need be , you have been put to grief in various trials ,
even as it is written , for your sake we are killed all day long . we were accounted as sheep for the slaughter .
the righteous shall inherit the land , and live in it forever .
keep me from the snare which they have laid for me , from the traps of the workers of iniquity .
you shall set the levites before aaron , and before his sons , and offer them as a wave offering to yahweh .
therefore it is said in the book of the wars of yahweh , vaheb in suphah , the valleys of the arnon ,
rejoice with those who rejoice . weep with those who weep .
why do we also stand in jeopardy every hour ?
god spoke to noah and to his sons with him , saying ,
vex the midianites , and strike them ;
your vows are on me , god . i will give thank offerings to you .
the elders of gilead said to jephthah , yahweh shall be witness between us ; surely according to your word so will we do .
he encloses the face of his throne , and spreads his cloud on it .
they said to him , where is sarah , your wife ? he said , see , in the tent .
when your people israel are struck down before the enemy , because they have sinned against you ; if they turn again to you , and confess your name , and pray and make supplication to you in this house :
blessed are those whose ways are blameless , who walk according to yahweh 's law .
your eye shall not pity him , but you shall put away the innocent blood from israel , that it may go well with you .
now he spoke of judas , the son of simon iscariot , for it was he who would betray him , being one of the twelve .
moses went down from the mountain to the people , and sanctified the people ; and they washed their clothes .
for what does the scripture say ? abraham believed god , and it was accounted to him for righteousness .
i will keep my loving kindness for him forevermore . my covenant will stand firm with him .
they moved him to jealousy with strange gods ; with abominations provoked they him to anger .
if we are examined today concerning a good deed done to a crippled man , by what means this man has been healed ,
and being in readiness to avenge all disobedience , when your obedience will be made full .
do n't make a covenant with the inhabitants of the land , lest they play the prostitute after their gods , and sacrifice to their gods , and one call you and you eat of his sacrifice ;
as for you , house of israel , thus says the lord yahweh : go you , serve everyone his idols , and hereafter also , if you will not listen to me ; but my holy name shall you no more profane with your gifts , and with your idols .
i will abundantly bless her provision . i will satisfy her poor with bread .
certain also of the asiarchs , being his friends , sent to him and begged him not to venture into the theater .
the priest shall pour some of the oil into the palm of his own left hand ;
the beast which i saw was like a leopard , and his feet were like those of a bear , and his mouth like the mouth of a lion . the dragon gave him his power , his throne , and great authority .
now while he was not yet gone back , go back then , said he , to gedaliah the son of ahikam , the son of shaphan , whom the king of babylon has made governor over the cities of judah , and dwell with him among the people ; or go wherever it seems right to you to go . so the captain of the guard gave him food and a present , and let him go .
that path no bird of prey knows , neither has the falcon 's eye seen it .
the old men of gebal and the wise men of it were in you your repairers of ship seams : all the ships of the sea with their mariners were in you to deal in your merchandise .
they removed the burnt offerings , that they might give them according to the divisions of the fathers ' houses of the children of the people , to offer to yahweh , as it is written in the book of moses . so did they with the oxen .
he shall offer one of the turtledoves , or of the young pigeons , such as he is able to afford ,
and in vain do they worship me , teaching as doctrine rules made by men . '
it shall happen that as i thought to do to them , so will i do to you .
however , if you fulfill the royal law , according to the scripture , you shall love your neighbor as yourself , you do well .
for if , while we were enemies , we were reconciled to god through the death of his son , much more , being reconciled , we will be saved by his life .
therefore his parents said , he is of age . ask him .
yet all this avails me nothing , so long as i see mordecai the jew sitting at the king 's gate .
joab gave up the sum of the numbering of the people to david . all those of israel were one million one hundred thousand men who drew sword : and in judah were four hundred seventy thousand men who drew sword .
yahweh our god made a covenant with us in horeb .
men shall go into the caves of the rocks , and into the holes of the earth , from before the terror of yahweh , and from the glory of his majesty , when he arises to shake the earth mightily .
the tongue of the sucking child cleaves to the roof of his mouth for thirst : the young children ask bread , and no man breaks it to them .
the children of israel returned from chasing after the philistines , and they plundered their camp .
i understand more than the aged , because i have kept your precepts .
esau said , let me now leave with you some of the folk who are with me . he said , why ? let me find favor in the sight of my lord .
they went after them to the jordan : and behold , all the way was full of garments and vessels , which the syrians had cast away in their haste . the messengers returned , and told the king .
standing behind at his feet weeping , she began to wet his feet with her tears , and she wiped them with the hair of her head , kissed his feet , and anointed them with the ointment .
he who is too impoverished for such an offering chooses a tree that will not rot . he seeks a skillful workman to set up an engraved image for him that will not be moved .
whoever transgresses and does n't remain in the teaching of christ , does n't have god . he who remains in the teaching , the same has both the father and the son .
jephthah vowed a vow to yahweh , and said , if you will indeed deliver the children of ammon into my hand ,
shout for joy to yahweh , all you lands !
and say , what was your mother ? a lioness : she couched among lions , in the midst of the young lions she nourished her cubs .
and after the earthquake a fire ; but yahweh was not in the fire : and after the fire a still small voice .
you will know that i am in the midst of israel , and that i am yahweh , your god , and there is no one else ; and my people will never again be disappointed .
yahweh , why do you reject my soul ? why do you hide your face from me ?
i myself will fight against you with an outstretched hand and with a strong arm , even in anger , and in wrath , and in great indignation .
therefore jesus perceived that they wanted to ask him , and he said to them , do you inquire among yourselves concerning this , that i said , a little while , and you wo n't see me , and again a little while , and you will see me ? '
save yourself , and come down from the cross !
servants , obey in all things those who are your masters according to the flesh , not just when they are looking , as men pleasers , but in singleness of heart , fearing god .
then zebah and zalmunna said , rise you , and fall on us ; for as the man is , so is his strength . gideon arose , and killed zebah and zalmunna , and took the crescents that were on their camels ' necks .
he said , amos , what do you see ? i said , a basket of summer fruit . then yahweh said to me , the end has come on my people israel . i will not again pass by them any more .
moses returned to yahweh , and said , lord , why have you brought trouble on this people ? why is it that you have sent me ?
amaziah also said to amos , you seer , go , flee away into the land of judah , and there eat bread , and prophesy there :
he built an altar there , and called on the name of yahweh , and pitched his tent there . there isaac 's servants dug a well .
but the more they afflicted them , the more they multiplied and the more they spread out . they were grieved because of the children of israel .
these were heads of fathers ' houses of the levites , throughout their generations , chief men : these lived at jerusalem .
and four thousand were doorkeepers ; and four thousand praised yahweh with the instruments which i made , said david , for giving praise .
strong scales are his pride , shut up together with a close seal .
tell me , you whom my soul loves , where you graze your flock , where you rest them at noon ; for why should i be as one who is veiled beside the flocks of your companions ? lover
but the bull , and its skin , and its flesh , and its dung , he burned with fire outside the camp ; as yahweh commanded moses .
there is an evil which i have seen under the sun , the sort of error which proceeds from the ruler .
so i prophesied as i was commanded : and as i prophesied , there was a noise , and behold , an earthquake ; and the bones came together , bone to its bone .
then all the midianites and the amalekites and the children of the east assembled themselves together ; and they passed over , and encamped in the valley of jezreel .
he bowed the heavens also , and came down ; thick darkness was under his feet .
do you intend to reprove words , seeing that the speeches of one who is desperate are as wind ?
the little owl , the cormorant , the great owl ,
moses called bezalel and oholiab , and every wise - hearted man , in whose heart yahweh had put wisdom , even everyone whose heart stirred him up to come to the work to do it :
now the men observed diligently , and hurried to catch whether it were his mind ; and they said , your brother ben hadad . then he said , go you , bring him . then ben hadad came forth to him ; and he caused him to come up into the chariot .
the waters receded continually until the tenth month . in the tenth month , on the first day of the month , the tops of the mountains were seen .
whatever has no fins nor scales in the waters , that is an abomination to you .
moab shall be destroyed from being a people , because he has magnified himself against yahweh .
when they came to the nations , where they went , they profaned my holy name ; in that men said of them , these are the people of yahweh , and are gone forth out of his land .
yahweh will cause his glorious voice to be heard , and will show the descent of his arm , with the indignation of his anger , and the flame of a devouring fire , with a blast , tempest , and hailstones .
even to the next day after the seventh sabbath you shall number fifty days ; and you shall offer a new meal offering to yahweh .
then yahweh was jealous for his land , and had pity on his people .
yahweh will render to every man his righteousness and his faithfulness ; because yahweh delivered you into my hand today , and i would n't put forth my hand against yahweh 's anointed .
job speaks without knowledge , his words are without wisdom . '
those who shall be of you shall build the old waste places ; you shall raise up the foundations of many generations ; and you shall be called the repairer of the breach , the restorer of paths to dwell in .
for wisdom will enter into your heart . knowledge will be pleasant to your soul .
but it was so , that in the three and twentieth year of king jehoash the priests had not repaired the breaches of the house .
therefore said i , now will the philistines come down on me to gilgal , and i have n't entreated the favor of yahweh : i forced myself therefore , and offered the burnt offering .
he said to them , i am one hundred twenty years old this day ; i can no more go out and come in : and yahweh has said to me , you shall not go over this jordan .
behold , he snatches away ; who can hinder him ? who will ask him , what are you doing ? '
those who died by the plague were twenty - four thousand .
and their brothers , mighty men of valor , one hundred twenty - eight ; and their overseer was zabdiel , the son of haggedolim .
that they would desire mercies of the god of heaven concerning this secret ; that daniel and his companions should not perish with the rest of the wise men of babylon .
for this deed of the queen will come abroad to all women , to make their husbands contemptible in their eyes , when it shall be reported , the king ahasuerus commanded vashti the queen to be brought in before him , but she did n't come .
and the two kidneys , and the fat that is on them , which is by the loins , and the cover on the liver , with the kidneys , he shall take away .
the headdresses , the ankle chains , the sashes , the perfume bottles , the charms ,
remember his marvelous works that he has done , his wonders , and the judgments of his mouth ,
turn us again , yahweh god of armies . cause your face to shine , and we will be saved .
let us lie down in our shame , and let our confusion cover us ; for we have sinned against yahweh our god , we and our fathers , from our youth even to this day ; and we have not obeyed the voice of yahweh our god .
also the burnt offerings were in abundance , with the fat of the peace offerings , and with the drink offerings for every burnt offering . so the service of the house of yahweh was set in order .
now is the end on you , and i will send my anger on you , and will judge you according to your ways ; and i will bring on you all your abominations .
do n't snatch the word of truth out of my mouth , for i put my hope in your ordinances .
moreover those who had familiar spirits , and the wizards , and the teraphim , and the idols , and all the abominations that were seen in the land of judah and in jerusalem , did josiah put away , that he might confirm the words of the law which were written in the book that hilkiah the priest found in the house of yahweh .
then shall he who offers his offering offer to yahweh a meal offering of a tenth part of an ephah of fine flour mixed with the fourth part of a hin of oil :
and the priest shall examine him . behold , if there is a white rising in the skin , and it has turned the hair white , and there is raw flesh in the rising ,
all the people departed every man to his house : and david returned to bless his house .
with many other words he testified , and exhorted them , saying , save yourselves from this crooked generation !
the king of sodom said to abram , give me the people , and take the goods to yourself .
yes , he loved cursing , and it came to him . he did n't delight in blessing , and it was far from him .
they forsook the house of yahweh , the god of their fathers , and served the asherim and the idols : and wrath came on judah and jerusalem for this their guiltiness .
so she wrote letters in ahab 's name , and sealed them with his seal , and sent the letters to the elders and to the nobles who were in his city , and who lived with naboth .
how shall i come before yahweh , and bow myself before the exalted god ? shall i come before him with burnt offerings , with calves a year old ?
moses and aaron said to all the children of israel , at evening , then you shall know that yahweh has brought you out from the land of egypt ;
when i saw among the spoil a goodly babylonian mantle , and two hundred shekels of silver , and a wedge of gold of fifty shekels weight , then i coveted them , and took them ; and , behold , they are hid in the earth in the midst of my tent , and the silver under it .
for if we believe that jesus died and rose again , even so those who have fallen asleep in jesus will god bring with him .
that you abstain from things sacrificed to idols , from blood , from things strangled , and from sexual immorality , from which if you keep yourselves , it will be well with you . farewell .
the path of life leads upward for the wise , to keep him from going downward to sheol .
a false witness will perish , and a man who listens speaks to eternity .
to grant to us that we , being delivered out of the hand of our enemies , should serve him without fear ,
the king spoke and said , is not this great babylon , which i have built for the royal dwelling place , by the might of my power and for the glory of my majesty ?
they are like children who sit in the marketplace , and call one to another , saying , we piped to you , and you did n't dance . we mourned , and you did n't weep . '
i also will do this to you : i will appoint terror over you , even consumption and fever , that shall consume the eyes , and make the soul to pine away ; and you will sow your seed in vain , for your enemies will eat it .
for the redemption of the two hundred seventy - three of the firstborn of the children of israel , who exceed the number of the levites ,
then the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
then shall the trees of the wood sing for joy before yahweh ; for he comes to judge the earth .
who is left among you who saw this house in its former glory ? how do you see it now ? is n't it in your eyes as nothing ?
that you shall set apart to yahweh all that opens the womb , and every firstborn which you have that comes from an animal . the males shall be yahweh 's .
so shall my word be that goes forth out of my mouth : it shall not return to me void , but it shall accomplish that which i please , and it shall prosper in the thing whereto i sent it .
the grass withers , the flower fades , because yahweh 's breath blows on it . surely the people are like grass .
in the hill country , and in the lowland , and in the arabah , and in the slopes , and in the wilderness , and in the south ; the hittite , the amorite , and the canaanite , the perizzite , the hivite , and the jebusite :
yes , and you will be brought before governors and kings for my sake , for a testimony to them and to the nations .
he will lift up a banner to the nations from far , and he will whistle for them from the end of the earth . behold , they will come speedily and swiftly .
then contended i with the rulers , and said , why is the house of god forsaken ? i gathered them together , and set them in their place .
asa cried to yahweh his god , and said , yahweh , there is none besides you to help , between the mighty and him who has no strength : help us , yahweh our god ; for we rely on you , and in your name are we come against this multitude . yahweh , you are our god ; do n't let man prevail against you .
for you will eat the labor of your hands . you will be happy , and it will be well with you .
and sit on a stately bed , with a table prepared before it , whereupon you did set my incense and my oil .
you yourselves testify that i said , i am not the christ , ' but , i have been sent before him . '
the burnt offering that the prince shall offer to yahweh shall be on the sabbath day six lambs without blemish and a ram without blemish ;
for if a man with a gold ring , in fine clothing , comes into your synagogue , and a poor man in filthy clothing also comes in ;
he delivered them into the hands of his servants , every herd by itself , and said to his servants , pass over before me , and put a space between herd and herd .
they said therefore to him , what then do you do for a sign , that we may see , and believe you ? what work do you do ?
they went away in the boat to a desert place by themselves .
go quickly and tell his disciples , he has risen from the dead , and behold , he goes before you into galilee ; there you will see him . ' behold , i have told you .
pharisees came to him testing him , and asked him , is it lawful for a man to divorce his wife ?
wicked people earn deceitful wages , but one who sows righteousness reaps a sure reward .
for i have given you an example , that you also should do as i have done to you .
beware of the dogs , beware of the evil workers , beware of the false circumcision .
with a strong hand , and with an outstretched arm ; for his loving kindness endures forever :
their infants also will be dashed in pieces before their eyes . their houses will be ransacked , and their wives raped .
deliver me , yahweh , from my enemies . i flee to you to hide me .
come you near to me , hear you this ; from the beginning i have not spoken in secret ; from the time that it was , there am i : and now the lord yahweh has sent me , and his spirit .
a scoffer seeks wisdom , and does n't find it , but knowledge comes easily to a discerning person .
but be you glad and rejoice forever in that which i create ; for , behold , i create jerusalem a rejoicing , and her people a joy .
a certain servant girl saw him as he sat in the light , and looking intently at him , said , this man also was with him .
blessed be the god and father of our lord jesus christ , who according to his great mercy became our father again to a living hope through the resurrection of jesus christ from the dead ,
amid which certain jews from asia found me purified in the temple , not with a mob , nor with turmoil .
yahweh spoke with you face to face on the mountain out of the midst of the fire ,
when men strive together one with another , and the wife of the one draws near to deliver her husband out of the hand of him who strikes him , and puts forth her hand , and takes him by the secrets ;
tell us therefore , what do you think ? is it lawful to pay taxes to caesar , or not ?
the priests did n't say , where is yahweh ? and those who handle the law did n't know me : the rulers also transgressed against me , and the prophets prophesied by baal , and walked after things that do not profit .
but god came to abimelech in a dream of the night , and said to him , behold , you are a dead man , because of the woman whom you have taken . for she is a man 's wife .
he took his staff in his hand , and chose him five smooth stones out of the brook , and put them in the shepherd 's bag which he had , even in his wallet ; and his sling was in his hand : and he drew near to the philistine .
and said to the judges , consider what you do : for you do n't judge for man , but for yahweh ; and he is with you in the judgment .
the speech pleased the lord , that solomon had asked this thing .
a worthless man devises mischief . his speech is like a scorching fire .
and he who invited both of you would come and tell you , make room for this person . ' then you would begin , with shame , to take the lowest place .
because for the sake of the name they went out , taking nothing from the gentiles .
how do we hear , everyone in our own native language ?
you will have joy and gladness ; and many will rejoice at his birth .
it is even right for me to think this way on behalf of all of you , because i have you in my heart , because , both in my bonds and in the defense and confirmation of the good news , you all are partakers with me of grace .
which things indeed appear like wisdom in self - imposed worship , and humility , and severity to the body ; but are n't of any value against the indulgence of the flesh .
i will make people more rare than fine gold , even a person than the pure gold of ophir .
but in those days , after that oppression , the sun will be darkened , the moon will not give its light ,
in whom the god of this world has blinded the minds of the unbelieving , that the light of the good news of the glory of christ , who is the image of god , should not dawn on them .
therefore saul sent messengers to jesse , and said , send me david your son , who is with the sheep .
rebekah took the good clothes of esau , her elder son , which were with her in the house , and put them on jacob , her younger son .
they have sown wheat , and have reaped thorns ; they have put themselves to pain , and profit nothing : and you shall be ashamed of your fruits , because of the fierce anger of yahweh .
he will be like a wild donkey among men . his hand will be against every man , and every man 's hand against him . he will live opposite all of his brothers .
but peter , standing up with the eleven , lifted up his voice , and spoke out to them , you men of judea , and all you who dwell at jerusalem , let this be known to you , and listen to my words .
for the thing which i fear comes on me , that which i am afraid of comes to me .
give thanks to the lord of lords ; for his loving kindness endures forever :
( let me be weighed in an even balance , that god may know my integrity ) ;
and brought his head on a platter , and gave it to the young lady ; and the young lady gave it to her mother .
behold , the days come , that all that is in your house , and that which your fathers have laid up in store to this day , shall be carried to babylon : nothing shall be left , says yahweh .
we dreamed a dream in one night , i and he . we dreamed each man according to the interpretation of his dream .
every meal offering of a priest shall be wholly burned . it shall not be eaten .
and brought out israel from among them ; for his loving kindness endures forever ;
for solomon went after ashtoreth the goddess of the sidonians , and after milcom the abomination of the ammonites .
therefore my heart sounds for moab like pipes , and my heart sounds like pipes for the men of kir heres : therefore the abundance that he has gotten is perished .
he said to her , daughter , cheer up . your faith has made you well . go in peace .
there was a gate to the inner court toward the south : and he measured from gate to gate toward the south a hundred cubits .
the sons of the singers gathered themselves together , both out of the plain round about jerusalem , and from the villages of the netophathites ;
i will strengthen the arms of the king of babylon , and put my sword in his hand : but i will break the arms of pharaoh , and he shall groan before him with the groanings of a deadly wounded man .
the king shall mourn , and the prince shall be clothed with desolation , and the hands of the people of the land shall be troubled : i will do to them after their way , and according to their own judgments will i judge them ; and they shall know that i am yahweh .
yahweh spoke suddenly to moses , and to aaron , and to miriam , come out you three to the tent of meeting . they three came out .
i will seek that which was lost , and will bring back that which was driven away , and will bind up that which was broken , and will strengthen that which was sick : but the fat and the strong i will destroy ; i will feed them in justice .
again he departed from the borders of tyre and sidon , and came to the sea of galilee , through the midst of the region of decapolis .
he gathered together the priests and the levites , and said to them , go out to the cities of judah , and gather of all israel money to repair the house of your god from year to year ; and see that you hasten the matter . however the levites did n't hurry .
it shall happen in that day that a man shall keep alive a young cow , and two sheep ;
and he said to him , thus says jephthah : israel did n't take away the land of moab , nor the land of the children of ammon ,
the servant said , lord , it is done as you commanded , and there is still room . '
now solomon purposed to build a house for the name of yahweh , and a house for his kingdom .
gave his offering : one silver platter , the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels , one silver bowl of seventy shekels , after the shekel of the sanctuary ; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering ;
every animal , every creeping thing , and every bird , whatever moves on the earth , after their families , went forth out of the ark .
but shun foolish questionings , genealogies , strife , and disputes about the law ; for they are unprofitable and vain .
they have set up kings , but not by me . they have made princes , and i did n't approve . of their silver and their gold they have made themselves idols , that they may be cut off .
to bind their kings with chains , and their nobles with fetters of iron ;
the crowns shall be to helem , and to tobijah , and to jedaiah , and to hen the son of zephaniah , for a memorial in the temple of yahweh .
therefore i will weep with the weeping of jazer for the vine of sibmah . i will water you with my tears , heshbon , and elealeh : for on your summer fruits and on your harvest the battle shout has fallen .
and will cast them into the furnace of fire . there will be weeping and the gnashing of teeth .
woe to you , you who are full now ! for you will be hungry . woe to you who laugh now ! for you will mourn and weep .
it is changed as clay under the seal , and stands forth as a garment .
thus shall my anger be accomplished , and i will cause my wrath toward them to rest , and i shall be comforted ; and they shall know that i , yahweh , have spoken in my zeal , when i have accomplished my wrath on them .
yes , they sacrificed their sons and their daughters to demons .
i went up by revelation , and i laid before them the good news which i preach among the gentiles , but privately before those who were respected , for fear that i might be running , or had run , in vain .
for there are also many unruly men , vain talkers and deceivers , especially those of the circumcision ,
now in the things which we are saying , the main point is this . we have such a high priest , who sat down on the right hand of the throne of the majesty in the heavens ,
arise , get you to zarephath , which belongs to sidon , and dwell there : behold , i have commanded a widow there to sustain you .
the angel of yahweh appeared to him in a flame of fire out of the midst of a bush . he looked , and behold , the bush burned with fire , and the bush was not consumed .
on the twenty - fourth day of the eleventh month , which is the month shebat , in the second year of darius , the word of yahweh came to zechariah the son of berechiah , the son of iddo , the prophet , saying ,
therefore let us keep the feast , not with old yeast , neither with the yeast of malice and wickedness , but with the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth .
but jehoiada grew old and was full of days , and he died ; one hundred thirty years old was he when he died .
the kingdom and the dominion , and the greatness of the kingdoms under the whole sky , shall be given to the people of the saints of the most high : his kingdom is an everlasting kingdom , and all dominions shall serve and obey him .
for entangled like thorns , and drunken as with their drink , they are consumed utterly like dry stubble .
then he told the man , stretch out your hand . he stretched it out ; and it was restored whole , just like the other .
in the thickness of the wall of the court toward the east , before the separate place , and before the building , there were chambers .
she lived under the palm tree of deborah between ramah and bethel in the hill country of ephraim : and the children of israel came up to her for judgment .
out of the tribe of issachar , kishion with its suburbs , daberath with its suburbs ,
the captain of the guard took jeremiah , and said to him , yahweh your god pronounced this evil on this place ;
this is the word that i covenanted with you when you came out of egypt , and my spirit lived among you . do n't be afraid . '
as clouds and wind without rain , so is he who boasts of gifts deceptively .
their camels , four hundred thirty - five ; their donkeys , six thousand seven hundred and twenty .
the first creature was like a lion , and the second creature like a calf , and the third creature had a face like a man , and the fourth was like a flying eagle .
they sacrifice on the tops of the mountains , and burn incense on the hills , under oaks and poplars and terebinths , because its shade is good . therefore your daughters play the prostitute , and your brides commit adultery .
now jesus stood before the governor : and the governor asked him , saying , are you the king of the jews ? jesus said to him , so you say .
lament , mourn , and weep . let your laughter be turned to mourning , and your joy to gloom .
all who sat in the council , fastening their eyes on him , saw his face like it was the face of an angel .
concerning the prophets . my heart within me is broken , all my bones shake ; i am like a drunken man , and like a man whom wine has overcome , because of yahweh , and because of his holy words .
it shall be , when the officers have made an end of speaking to the people , that they shall appoint captains of armies at the head of the people .
make a joyful shout to god , all the earth !
heshbon cries out with elealeh . their voice is heard even to jahaz . therefore the armed men of moab cry aloud . their souls tremble within them .
but he passed away , and behold , he was not . yes , i sought him , but he could not be found .
if i say , i will forget my complaint , i will put off my sad face , and cheer up ; '
they brought up the ark of yahweh , and the tent of meeting , and all the holy vessels that were in the tent ; even these did the priests and the levites bring up .
take the sum of all the congregation of the children of israel , from twenty years old and upward , by their fathers ' houses , all who are able to go forth to war in israel .
as you would like people to do to you , do exactly so to them .
if evil come on us , the sword , judgment , or pestilence , or famine , we will stand before this house , and before you , ( for your name is in this house ) , and cry to you in our affliction , and you will hear and save .
then hear from heaven , even from your dwelling place , and do according to all that the foreigner calls to you for ; that all the peoples of the earth may know your name , and fear you , as does your people israel , and that they may know that this house which i have built is called by your name .
none is so fierce that he dare stir him up . who then is he who can stand before me ?
they therefore departed from the presence of the council , rejoicing that they were counted worthy to suffer dishonor for jesus ' name .
moses spoke to yahweh , saying ,
no , in all these things , we are more than conquerors through him who loved us .
he was very thirsty , and called on yahweh , and said , you have given this great deliverance by the hand of your servant ; and now shall i die for thirst , and fall into the hand of the uncircumcised .
of the levites , ahijah was over the treasures of the house of god , and over the treasures of the dedicated things .
the woman conceived , and bore a son . when she saw that he was a fine child , she hid him three months .
however , the most high does n't dwell in temples made with hands , as the prophet says ,
aaron took as moses spoke , and ran into the midst of the assembly ; and behold , the plague was begun among the people : and he put on the incense , and made atonement for the people .
namely , bezer in the wilderness , in the plain country , for the reubenites ; and ramoth in gilead , for the gadites ; and golan in bashan , for the manassites .
for the fortified city is solitary , a habitation deserted and forsaken , like the wilderness . the calf will feed there , and there he will lie down , and consume its branches .
all the people , even the men of war who were with him , went up , and drew near , and came before the city , and encamped on the north side of ai : now there was a valley between him and ai .
it shall be , when you are come in to the land which yahweh your god gives you for an inheritance , and possess it , and dwell therein ,
neither does one jostle another ; they march everyone in his path , and they burst through the defenses , and do n't break ranks .
behold , a prophet came near to ahab king of israel , and said , thus says yahweh , have you seen all this great multitude ? behold , i will deliver it into your hand this day ; and you shall know that i am yahweh .
because you are glad , because you rejoice , o you who plunder my heritage , because you are wanton as a heifer that treads out the grain , and neigh as strong horses ;
do n't be deceived . god is not mocked , for whatever a man sows , that he will also reap .
you shall take no ransom for him who is fled to his city of refuge , that he may come again to dwell in the land , until the death of the priest .
confuse them , lord , and confound their language , for i have seen violence and strife in the city .
for by your words you will be justified , and by your words you will be condemned .
but let the righteous be glad . let them rejoice before god . yes , let them rejoice with gladness .
he said to them , take heed what you hear . with whatever measure you measure , it will be measured to you , and more will be given to you who hear .
i will stretch over jerusalem the line of samaria , and the plummet of the house of ahab ; and i will wipe jerusalem as a man wipes a dish , wiping it and turning it upside down .
elisha said to her , what shall i do for you ? tell me ; what have you in the house ? she said , your handmaid has nothing in the house , except a pot of oil .
you also once walked in those , when you lived in them ;
there are also celestial bodies , and terrestrial bodies ; but the glory of the celestial differs from that of the terrestrial .
nevertheless my eye spared them , and i did n't destroy them , neither did i make a full end of them in the wilderness .
the border went down to the brook of kanah , southward of the brook : these cities belonged to ephraim among the cities of manasseh : and the border of manasseh was on the north side of the brook , and the goings out of it were at the sea :
for without cause they have hidden their net in a pit for me . without cause they have dug a pit for my soul .
woe to you , scribes and pharisees , hypocrites ! for you travel around by sea and land to make one proselyte ; and when he becomes one , you make him twice as much of a son of gehenna as yourselves .
in the eighth month , in the second year of darius , the word of yahweh came to zechariah the son of berechiah , the son of iddo , the prophet , saying ,
they pour out arrogant words . all the evil - doers boast .
yet i destroyed the amorite before them , whose height was like the height of the cedars , and he was strong as the oaks ; yet i destroyed his fruit from above , and his roots from beneath .
the children of the captivity did so . ezra the priest , with certain heads of fathers ' houses , after their fathers ' houses , and all of them by their names , were set apart ; and they sat down in the first day of the tenth month to examine the matter .
that i may make the voice of thanksgiving to be heard , and tell of all your wondrous works .
serve yahweh with gladness . come before his presence with singing .
therefore love the foreigner ; for you were foreigners in the land of egypt .
but they said , we will drink no wine ; for jonadab the son of rechab , our father , commanded us , saying , you shall drink no wine , neither you , nor your sons , forever :
but he , because he lives forever , has his priesthood unchangeable .
they divide my garments among them . they cast lots for my clothing .
being made free from sin , you became bondservants of righteousness .
for i testify about him , that he has great zeal for you , and for those in laodicea , and for those in hierapolis .
do n't deliver the soul of your dove to wild beasts . do n't forget the life of your poor forever .
as for man , his days are like grass . as a flower of the field , so he flourishes .
he made the lampstand of pure gold . he made the lampstand of beaten work . its base , its shaft , its cups , its buds , and its flowers were of one piece with it .
by reason of the multitude of oppressions they cry out ; they cry for help by reason of the arm of the mighty .
yahweh answered the angel who talked with me with kind and comforting words .
therefore , behold , i will cause them to know , this once will i cause them to know my hand and my might ; and they shall know that my name is yahweh .
but he said to her , you speak as one of the foolish women would speak . what ? shall we receive good at the hand of god , and shall we not receive evil ? in all this job did n't sin with his lips .
it is given to be furbished , that it may be handled : the sword , it is sharpened , yes , it is furbished , to give it into the hand of the killer .
he said , peaceably ; i am come to sacrifice to yahweh : sanctify yourselves , and come with me to the sacrifice . he sanctified jesse and his sons , and called them to the sacrifice .
give , and it will be given to you : good measure , pressed down , shaken together , and running over , will be given to you . for with the same measure you measure it will be measured back to you .
yahweh , i know that the way of man is not in himself : it is not in man who walks to direct his steps .
those who were numbered of them , of the tribe of benjamin , were thirty - five thousand four hundred .
now therefore when i come to your servant my father , and the boy is not with us ; seeing that his life is bound up in the boy 's life ;
a continual dropping on a rainy day and a contentious wife are alike :
and the sash of fine twined linen , and blue , and purple , and scarlet , the work of the embroiderer , as yahweh commanded moses .
he placed the breastplate on him ; and in the breastplate he put the urim and the thummim .
and the fourth row , a chrysolite , an onyx , and a jasper . they were enclosed in gold settings .
his disciples went out , and came into the city , and found things as he had said to them , and they prepared the passover .
they said to you that in the last time there will be mockers , walking after their own ungodly lusts .
he lifted up his eyes , and saw the wayfaring man in the street of the city ; and the old man said , where go you ? and whence come you ?
yahweh , do n't grant the desires of the wicked . do n't let their evil plans succeed , or they will become proud . selah .
the time drew near that israel must die , and he called his son joseph , and said to him , if now i have found favor in your sight , please put your hand under my thigh , and deal kindly and truly with me . please do n't bury me in egypt ,
adonijah feared because of solomon ; and he arose , and went , and caught hold on the horns of the altar .
jesus therefore answered , it is he to whom i will give this piece of bread when i have dipped it . so when he had dipped the piece of bread , he gave it to judas , the son of simon iscariot .
but that you also may know my affairs , how i am doing , tychicus , the beloved brother and faithful servant in the lord , will make known to you all things ;
then they asked him , tell us , please , for whose cause this evil is on us . what is your occupation ? where do you come from ? what is your country ? of what people are you ?
for him who knew no sin he made to be sin on our behalf ; so that in him we might become the righteousness of god .
now i will tell you what i will do to my vineyard . i will take away its hedge , and it will be eaten up . i will break down its wall of it , and it will be trampled down .
when this comes to pass , ( behold , it comes ) , then shall they know that a prophet has been among them .
his bones are full of his youth , but youth shall lie down with him in the dust .
thus were they divided impartially by drawing lots ; for there were princes of the sanctuary , and princes of god , both of the sons of eleazar , and of the sons of ithamar .
then saul said to jonathan , tell me what you have done . jonathan told him , and said , i did certainly taste a little honey with the end of the rod that was in my hand ; and behold , i must die .
this is love , that we should walk according to his commandments . this is the commandment , even as you heard from the beginning , that you should walk in it .
i brought your fathers out of egypt : and you came to the sea ; and the egyptians pursued after your fathers with chariots and with horsemen to the red sea .
he made the poles of acacia wood , and overlaid them with brass .
but mixed themselves with the nations , and learned their works .
stephen , full of faith and power , performed great wonders and signs among the people .
behold , men brought a paralyzed man on a cot , and they sought to bring him in to lay before jesus .
the princes of moab rose up , and they went to balak , and said , balaam refuses to come with us .
then jesus came with them to a place called gethsemane , and said to his disciples , sit here , while i go there and pray .
thus says yahweh , the god of israel , thus shall you tell the king of judah , who sent you to me to inquire of me : behold , pharaoh 's army , which is come forth to help you , shall return to egypt into their own land .
to titus , my true child according to a common faith : grace , mercy , and peace from god the father and the lord jesus christ our savior .
but afterward i will bring back the captivity of the children of ammon , says yahweh .
you were in eden , the garden of god ; every precious stone adorned you : ruby , topaz , emerald , chrysolite , onyx , jasper , sapphire , turquoise , and beryl . gold work of tambourines and of pipes was in you . in the day that you were created they were prepared .
moses entered into the midst of the cloud , and went up on the mountain ; and moses was on the mountain forty days and forty nights .
by this everyone will know that you are my disciples , if you have love for one another .
there will be no night , and they need no lamp light ; for the lord god will illuminate them . they will reign forever and ever .
and the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour for a meal offering , mixed with the fourth part of a hin of beaten oil .
asshur is there and all her company ; her graves are round about her ; all of them slain , fallen by the sword ;
thus says yahweh against all my evil neighbors , who touch the inheritance which i have caused my people israel to inherit : behold , i will pluck them up from off their land , and will pluck up the house of judah from among them .
the princes were angry with jeremiah , and struck him , and put him in prison in the house of jonathan the scribe ; for they had made that the prison .
he will judge the world in righteousness . he will administer judgment to the peoples in uprightness .
my bread also which i gave you , fine flour , and oil , and honey , with which i fed you , you did even set it before them for a sweet savor ; and thus it was , says the lord yahweh .
his master said to him , we wo n't turn aside into the city of a foreigner , that is not of the children of israel ; but we will pass over to gibeah .
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old shall you number them , everyone who enters on the service , to do the work of the tent of meeting .
the angel thrust his sickle into the earth , and gathered the vintage of the earth , and threw it into the great winepress of the wrath of god .
if any of your outcasts are in the uttermost parts of the heavens , from there will yahweh your god gather you , and from there he will bring you back :
at what instant i shall speak concerning a nation , and concerning a kingdom , to build and to plant it ;
if the household is worthy , let your peace come on it , but if it is n't worthy , let your peace return to you .
he said , watch out that you do n't get led astray , for many will come in my name , saying , i am , ' and , the time is at hand . ' therefore do n't follow them .
it happened after this , that the children of moab , and the children of ammon , and with them some of the ammonites , came against jehoshaphat to battle .
he said to him , bring me a heifer three years old , a female goat three years old , a ram three years old , a turtledove , and a young pigeon .
they reasoned with one another , saying , it 's because we have no bread .
he who sins is of the devil , for the devil has been sinning from the beginning . to this end the son of god was revealed , that he might destroy the works of the devil .
you shall strike every fortified city , and every choice city , and shall fell every good tree , and stop all springs of water , and mar every good piece of land with stones .
in the greatness of your excellency , you overthrow those who rise up against you : you send forth your wrath . it consumes them as stubble .
they have turned aside quickly out of the way which i commanded them . they have made themselves a molten calf , and have worshiped it , and have sacrificed to it , and said , these are your gods , israel , which brought you up out of the land of egypt . '
god is our refuge and strength , a very present help in trouble .
there is salvation in none other , for neither is there any other name under heaven , that is given among men , by which we must be saved !
the lamp of the body is the eye . therefore when your eye is good , your whole body is also full of light ; but when it is evil , your body also is full of darkness .
those who fled stand without strength under the shadow of heshbon ; for a fire is gone forth out of heshbon , and a flame from the midst of sihon , and has devoured the corner of moab , and the crown of the head of the tumultuous ones .
it happened , when i , even i daniel , had seen the vision , that i sought to understand it ; and behold , there stood before me as the appearance of a man .
but above all things , my brothers , do n't swear , neither by heaven , nor by the earth , nor by any other oath ; but let your yes be yes , and your no , no ; so that you do n't fall into hypocrisy .
they shall know that i am yahweh their god , in that i caused them to go into captivity among the nations , and have gathered them to their own land ; and i will leave none of them any more there ;
but do n't be far off , yahweh . you are my help : hurry to help me .
it happened in the morning that his spirit was troubled , and he sent and called for all of egypt 's magicians and wise men . pharaoh told them his dreams , but there was no one who could interpret them to pharaoh .
simon peter answered him , lord , to whom would we go ? you have the words of eternal life .
see if there is any wicked way in me , and lead me in the everlasting way .
the voice of my beloved ! behold , he comes , leaping on the mountains , skipping on the hills .
it happened in the eleventh year , in the first month , in the seventh day of the month , that the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
a noise shall come even to the end of the earth ; for yahweh has a controversy with the nations ; he will enter into judgment with all flesh : as for the wicked , he will give them to the sword , says yahweh .
he had also seven sons and three daughters .
seeing that many boast after the flesh , i will also boast .
now hannah , she spoke in her heart ; only her lips moved , but her voice was not heard : therefore eli thought she had been drunken .
do n't stand in the crossroads to cut off those of his who escape . do n't deliver up those of his who remain in the day of distress .
the children also of his servants shall inherit it . those who love his name shall dwell therein .
all the cities of the families of the rest of the children of kohath were ten with their suburbs .
can a man be profitable to god ? surely he who is wise is profitable to himself .
it happened , when rachel had borne joseph , that jacob said to laban , send me away , that i may go to my own place , and to my country .
and to carry the silver and gold , which the king and his counselors have freely offered to the god of israel , whose habitation is in jerusalem ,
teaching them to observe all things that i commanded you . behold , i am with you always , even to the end of the age . amen .
he told her all his heart , and said to her , no razor has ever come on my head ; for i have been a nazirite to god from my mother 's womb . if i am shaved , then my strength will go from me , and i will become weak , and be like any other man .
he who overcomes will be arrayed in white garments , and i will in no way blot his name out of the book of life , and i will confess his name before my father , and before his angels .
all the brothers greet you . greet one another with a holy kiss .
israel said , why did you treat me so badly , telling the man that you had another brother ?
you shall break them with a rod of iron . you shall dash them in pieces like a potter 's vessel .
if i ascend up into heaven , you are there . if i make my bed in sheol , behold , you are there !
a voice was heard in ramah , lamentation , weeping and great mourning , rachel weeping for her children ; she would n't be comforted , because they are no more .
his brothers saw that their father loved him more than all his brothers , and they hated him , and could n't speak peaceably to him .
then ahimelech answered the king , and said , who among all your servants is so faithful as david , who is the king 's son - in - law , and is taken into your council , and is honorable in your house ?
does he who plows to sow plow continually ? does he keep turning the soil and breaking the clods ?
david also took ahinoam of jezreel ; and they became both of them his wives .
moses led the people out of the camp to meet god ; and they stood at the lower part of the mountain .
he shall kill it on the north side of the altar before yahweh . aaron 's sons , the priests , shall sprinkle its blood around on the altar .
his daughter was sheerah , who built beth horon the lower and the upper , and uzzen sheerah .
paul , a prisoner of christ jesus , and timothy our brother , to philemon , our beloved fellow worker ,
you have plowed wickedness . you have reaped iniquity . you have eaten the fruit of lies , for you trusted in your way , in the multitude of your mighty men .
then moses and aaron fell on their faces before all the assembly of the congregation of the children of israel .
why do the nations rage , and the peoples plot a vain thing ?
for you know that even when he afterward desired to inherit the blessing , he was rejected , for he found no place for a change of mind though he sought it diligently with tears .
the burden of tyre . howl , you ships of tarshish ! for it is laid waste , so that there is no house , no entering in . from the land of kittim it is revealed to them .
the jews therefore said , will he kill himself , that he says , where i am going , you ca n't come ? '
and with you will i break in pieces the shepherd and his flock ; and with you will i break in pieces the farmer and his yoke of oxen ; and with you will i break in pieces governors and deputies .
and i will bring you into the wilderness of the peoples , and there will i enter into judgment with you face to face .
the high priest said , are these things so ?
for the lord had made the army of the syrians to hear a noise of chariots , and a noise of horses , even the noise of a great army : and they said one to another , behold , the king of israel has hired against us the kings of the hittites , and the kings of the egyptians , to come on us .
his division , and those who were numbered of them , were fifty - nine thousand three hundred .
suddenly there was a great earthquake , so that the foundations of the prison were shaken ; and immediately all the doors were opened , and everyone 's bonds were loosened .
the seven priests bearing the seven trumpets of rams ' horns before the ark of yahweh went on continually , and blew the trumpets : and the armed men went before them ; and the rearward came after the ark of yahweh , the priests blowing the trumpets as they went .
for most assuredly , i tell you , until heaven and earth pass away , not even one smallest letter or one tiny pen stroke shall in any way pass away from the law , until all things are accomplished .
the king of egypt said to them , why do you , moses and aaron , take the people from their work ? get back to your burdens !
it had been revealed to him by the holy spirit that he should not see death before he had seen the lord 's christ .
fathers , do n't provoke your children , so that they wo n't be discouraged .
and you shall offer for the drink offering half a hin of wine , for an offering made by fire , of a sweet savor to yahweh .
for , behold , they have gone away from destruction . egypt will gather them up . memphis will bury them . nettles will possess their pleasant things of silver . thorns will be in their tents .
i am indeed a jew , born in tarsus of cilicia , but brought up in this city at the feet of gamaliel , instructed according to the strict manner of the law of our fathers , being zealous for god , even as you all are this day .
it happened that when jesus had finished directing his twelve disciples , he departed from there to teach and preach in their cities .
a certain centurion 's servant , who was dear to him , was sick and at the point of death .
yahweh said to moses , tell aaron , take your rod , and stretch out your hand over the waters of egypt , over their rivers , over their streams , and over their pools , and over all their ponds of water , that they may become blood ; and there shall be blood throughout all the land of egypt , both in vessels of wood and in vessels of stone . '
david said to all his servants who were with him at jerusalem , arise , and let us flee ; for else none of us shall escape from absalom : make speed to depart , lest he overtake us quickly , and bring down evil on us , and strike the city with the edge of the sword .
be it known therefore to you , that the salvation of god is sent to the nations . they will also listen .
woe to you , land , when your king is a child , and your princes eat in the morning !
he fell on his face at jesus ' feet , giving him thanks ; and he was a samaritan .
your lips are like scarlet thread . your mouth is lovely . your temples are like a piece of a pomegranate behind your veil .
is it at your command that the eagle mounts up , and makes his nest on high ?
you fathers , do n't provoke your children to wrath , but nurture them in the discipline and instruction of the lord .
after this thing jeroboam did n't return from his evil way , but made again from among all the people priests of the high places : whoever would , he consecrated him , that there might be priests of the high places .
then i will establish the throne of your kingdom , according as i covenanted with david your father , saying , there shall not fail you a man to be ruler in israel .
do n't eat the food of him who has a stingy eye , and do n't crave his delicacies :
all flying insects that walk on all fours are an abomination to you .
isaiah said , take a cake of figs . they took and laid it on the boil , and he recovered .
he said to them , it is n't for you to know times or seasons which the father has set within his own authority .
until yahweh give rest to your brothers , as to you , and they also possess the land which yahweh your god gives them beyond the jordan : then shall you return every man to his possession , which i have given you .
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
for whoever shall keep the whole law , and yet stumble in one point , he has become guilty of all .
circumcision is nothing , and uncircumcision is nothing , but the keeping of the commandments of god .
then answered they and said before the king , that daniel , who is of the children of the captivity of judah , does n't regard you , o king , nor the interdict that you have signed , but makes his petition three times a day .
to him who made the great lights ; for his loving kindness endures forever :
this is the history of the generations of noah . noah was a righteous man , blameless among the people of his time . noah walked with god .
she spoke to him according to these words , saying , the hebrew servant , whom you have brought to us , came in to me to mock me ,
in those days , while mordecai was sitting in the king 's gate , two of the king 's chamberlains , bigthan and teresh , of those who kept the threshold , were angry , and sought to lay hands on the king ahasuerus .
pharaoh said , behold , the people of the land are now many , and you make them rest from their burdens .
he also drove out the nations before them , allotted them for an inheritance by line , and made the tribes of israel to dwell in their tents .
the grace of our lord jesus christ be with your spirit . amen .
yahweh said to moses , when you go back into egypt , see that you do before pharaoh all the wonders which i have put in your hand , but i will harden his heart and he will not let the people go .
her nobles were purer than snow , they were whiter than milk ; they were more ruddy in body than rubies , their polishing was as of sapphire .
concerning jehoiakim king of judah you shall say , thus says yahweh : you have burned this scroll , saying , why have you written therein , saying , the king of babylon shall certainly come and destroy this land , and shall cause to cease from there man and animal ?
yahweh said to joshua , get you up ; why are you thus fallen on your face ?
in that hour the disciples came to jesus , saying , who then is greatest in the kingdom of heaven ?
for your arrows have pierced me , your hand presses hard on me .
he went with him , and a great multitude followed him , and they pressed upon him on all sides .
he overlaid also the house , the beams , the thresholds , and the walls of it , and the doors of it , with gold ; and engraved cherubim on the walls .
for thus says yahweh , behold , i will sling out the inhabitants of the land at this time , and will distress them , that they may feel it .
that your days may be multiplied , and the days of your children , in the land which yahweh swore to your fathers to give them , as the days of the heavens above the earth .
rehoboam went to shechem ; for all israel were come to shechem to make him king .
go you , inquire of yahweh for me , and for the people , and for all judah , concerning the words of this book that is found ; for great is the wrath of yahweh that is kindled against us , because our fathers have not listened to the words of this book , to do according to all that which is written concerning us .
how he entered into the house of god when abiathar was high priest , and ate the show bread , which it is not lawful to eat except for the priests , and gave also to those who were with him ?
and their meal offering , fine flour mixed with oil , three tenth parts for every bull of the thirteen bulls , two tenth parts for each ram of the two rams ,
demetrius has the testimony of all , and of the truth itself ; yes , we also testify , and you know that our testimony is true .
if now you have understanding , hear this . listen to the voice of my words .
let my tongue sing of your word , for all your commandments are righteousness .
he said , do n't lay your hand on the boy , neither do anything to him . for now i know that you fear god , seeing you have not withheld your son , your only son , from me .
preaching boldly in the name of the lord . he spoke and disputed against the hellenists , but they were seeking to kill him .
and i will clothe him with your robe , and strengthen him with your belt . i will commit your government into his hand ; and he will be a father to the inhabitants of jerusalem , and to the house of judah .
and they entered into the boat , and were going over the sea to capernaum . it was now dark , and jesus had not come to them .
their father said to them , which way did he go ? now his sons had seen which way the man of god went , who came from judah .
behold , i come quickly . blessed is he who keeps the words of the prophecy of this book .
moses turned , and went down from the mountain , with the two tablets of the testimony in his hand ; tablets that were written on both their sides ; on the one side and on the other they were written .
great is yahweh , and greatly to be praised ! his greatness is unsearchable .
my dwelling is removed , and is carried away from me like a shepherd 's tent . i have rolled up , like a weaver , my life . he will cut me off from the loom . from day even to night you will make an end of me .
jesus said to him , you shall love the lord your god with all your heart , and with all your soul , and with all your mind . '
azariah the priest went in after him , and with him eighty priests of yahweh , who were valiant men :
saul said , cast lots between me and jonathan my son . jonathan was taken .
remove your scourge away from me . i am overcome by the blow of your hand .
there the centurion found a ship of alexandria sailing for italy , and he put us on board .
the children of israel shall pitch their tents , every man by his own camp , and every man by his own standard , according to their divisions .
therefore the children of israel do n't eat the sinew of the hip , which is on the hollow of the thigh , to this day , because he touched the hollow of jacob 's thigh in the sinew of the hip .
then hezekiah commanded to prepare chambers in the house of yahweh ; and they prepared them .
saying , what do you think of the christ ? whose son is he ? they said to him , of david .
i have therefore my boasting in christ jesus in things pertaining to god .
those who were numbered of them , of the tribe of naphtali , were fifty - three thousand four hundred .
so my heavenly father will also do to you , if you do n't each forgive your brother from your hearts for his misdeeds .
the waters receded from the earth continually . after the end of one hundred fifty days the waters decreased .
then justice will dwell in the wilderness ; and righteousness will remain in the fruitful field .
knowing that the putting off of my tent comes swiftly , even as our lord jesus christ made clear to me .
the king answered , i know of a certainty that you would gain time , because you see the thing is gone from me .
how the christ must suffer , and how , by the resurrection of the dead , he would be first to proclaim light both to these people and to the gentiles .
but you , brothers , do n't be weary in doing well .
the egyptians pursued after them : all the horses and chariots of pharaoh , his horsemen , and his army ; and overtook them encamping by the sea , beside pihahiroth , before baal zephon .
in the twenty - fourth day of the month , in the sixth month , in the second year of darius the king .
and they shall bring the glory and the honor of the nations into it so that they may enter .
know this for sure , that no sexually immoral person , nor unclean person , nor covetous man , who is an idolater , has any inheritance in the kingdom of christ and god .
nor can they prove to you the things of which they now accuse me .
for thus says the lord yahweh : i will bring up a company against them , and will give them to be tossed back and forth and robbed .
he took him into the field of zophim , to the top of pisgah , and built seven altars , and offered up a bull and a ram on every altar .
so you also have some who hold to the teaching of the nicolaitans likewise .
moses commanded the children of israel according to the word of yahweh , saying , the tribe of the sons of joseph speaks right .
whoever robs his father or his mother , and says , it 's not wrong . he is a partner with a destroyer .
therefore we said , let us now prepare to build us an altar , not for burnt offering , nor for sacrifice :
salvation belongs to yahweh . your blessing be on your people . selah .
and saying , if you are the king of the jews , save yourself !
when i came to you , brothers , i did n't come with excellence of speech or of wisdom , proclaiming to you the testimony of god .
she hurried , and emptied her pitcher into the trough , and ran again to the well to draw , and drew for all his camels .
moses wrote their goings out according to their journeys by the commandment of yahweh : and these are their journeys according to their goings out .
when you go , your steps will not be hampered . when you run , you will not stumble .
i will put forth my hand and strike egypt with all my wonders which i will do in the midst of it , and after that he will let you go .
the captain of the guard took seraiah the chief priest , and zephaniah the second priest , and the three keepers of the threshold :
another angel came out from the temple , crying with a loud voice to him who sat on the cloud , send forth your sickle , and reap ; for the hour to reap has come ; for the harvest of the earth is ripe !
beside the gates , at the entry of the city , at the entry doors , she cries aloud :
in that time , a present will be brought to yahweh of armies from a people tall and smooth , even from a people awesome from their beginning onward , a nation that measures out and treads down , whose land the rivers divide , to the place of the name of yahweh of armies , mount zion .
they shall go forth , and look on the dead bodies of the men who have transgressed against me : for their worm shall not die , neither shall their fire be quenched ; and they shall be an abhorring to all flesh .
be glad in yahweh , you righteous people ! give thanks to his holy name .
pay attention to him , and listen to his voice . do n't provoke him , for he will not pardon your disobedience , for my name is in him .
but let your yes ' be yes ' and your no ' be no . ' whatever is more than these is of the evil one .
for thus says yahweh : david shall never want a man to sit on the throne of the house of israel ;
but of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil , you shall not eat of it ; for in the day that you eat of it you will surely die .
but i will sing of your strength . yes , i will sing aloud of your loving kindness in the morning . for you have been my high tower , a refuge in the day of my distress .
you are wearied in the multitude of your counsels : let now the astrologers , the stargazers , the monthly prognosticators , stand up , and save you from the things that shall come on you .
he said , i saw all israel scattered on the mountains , as sheep that have no shepherd : and yahweh said , these have no master ; let them return every man to his house in peace .
you shall hang up the veil under the clasps , and shall bring the ark of the testimony in there within the veil : and the veil shall separate the holy place from the most holy for you .
one who winks his eyes to plot perversities , one who compresses his lips , is bent on evil .
korah assembled all the congregation against them to the door of the tent of meeting : and the glory of yahweh appeared to all the congregation .
the sea coast will be pastures , with cottages for shepherds and folds for flocks .
joshua the son of nun was full of the spirit of wisdom ; for moses had laid his hands on him : and the children of israel listened to him , and did as yahweh commanded moses .
god has spoken once , twice i have heard this , that power belongs to god .
therefore turn to your god . keep kindness and justice , and wait continually for your god .
for their rock is not as our rock , even our enemies themselves being judges .
judah said to israel , his father , send the boy with me , and we 'll get up and go , so that we may live , and not die , both we , and you , and also our little ones .
they brought horses for solomon out of egypt , and out of all lands .
for david did n't ascend into the heavens , but he says himself , the lord said to my lord , sit by my right hand ,
to timothy , my beloved child : grace , mercy , and peace , from god the father and christ jesus our lord .
now in return , i speak as to my children , you also be open wide .
shall they not teach you , tell you , and utter words out of their heart ?
i heard one speaking to me out of the house ; and a man stood by me .
many waters ca n't quench love , neither can floods drown it . if a man would give all the wealth of his house for love , he would be utterly scorned . friends
one young bull , one ram , one male lamb a year old , for a burnt offering ;
vindicate me , yahweh my god , according to your righteousness ; do n't let them gloat over me .
under their hand was an army , three hundred thousand and seven thousand and five hundred , who made war with mighty power , to help the king against the enemy .
but it happened , when nebuchadnezzar king of babylon came up into the land , that we said , come , and let us go to jerusalem for fear of the army of the chaldeans , and for fear of the army of the syrians ; so we dwell at jerusalem .
i know your works , oppression , and your poverty ( but you are rich ) , and the blasphemy of those who say they are jews , and they are not , but are a synagogue of satan .
cursed be he who does n't confirm the words of this law to do them . all the people shall say , amen .
when the children of ammon saw that they were become odious to david , the children of ammon sent and hired the syrians of beth rehob , and the syrians of zobah , twenty thousand footmen , and the king of maacah with one thousand men , and the men of tob twelve thousand men .
son of man , because tyre has said against jerusalem , aha , she is broken : the gate of the peoples ; she is turned to me ; i shall be replenished , now that she is laid waste :
he offered for his offering : one silver platter , the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels , one silver bowl of seventy shekels , after the shekel of the sanctuary ; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering ;
praise yahweh , jerusalem ! praise your god , zion !
but woe to those who are with child and to those who nurse babies in those days !
like a fluttering sparrow , like a darting swallow , so the undeserved curse does n't come to rest .
he who is truthful testifies honestly , but a false witness lies .
my skin grows black and peels from me . my bones are burned with heat .
for whoever finds me , finds life , and will obtain favor from yahweh .
over the king 's treasures was azmaveth the son of adiel : and over the treasures in the fields , in the cities , and in the villages , and in the towers , was jonathan the son of uzziah :
all the people went to gilgal ; and there they made saul king before yahweh in gilgal ; and there they offered sacrifices of peace offerings before yahweh ; and there saul and all the men of israel rejoiced greatly .
have n't you poured me out like milk , and curdled me like cheese ?
for it was of yahweh to harden their hearts , to come against israel in battle , that he might utterly destroy them , that they might have no favor , but that he might destroy them , as yahweh commanded moses .
but you said , no , for we will flee on horses ; therefore you will flee ; and , we will ride on the swift ; therefore those who pursue you will be swift .
yahweh , your hand is lifted up , yet they do n't see ; but they will see your zeal for the people , and be disappointed . yes , fire will consume your adversaries .
unleavened bread , unleavened cakes mixed with oil , and unleavened wafers anointed with oil : you shall make them of fine wheat flour .
even as jannes and jambres opposed moses , so do these also oppose the truth ; men corrupted in mind , reprobate concerning the faith .
for ships of kittim shall come against him ; therefore he shall be grieved , and shall return , and have indignation against the holy covenant , and shall do his pleasure : he shall even return , and have regard to those who forsake the holy covenant .
but you will go to your fathers in peace . you will be buried in a good old age .
out of the spoil won in battles did they dedicate to repair the house of yahweh .
he called for lights and sprang in , and , fell down trembling before paul and silas ,
the fifth angel sounded , and i saw a star from the sky which had fallen to the earth . the key to the pit of the abyss was given to him .
so david rose up early , he and his men , to depart in the morning , to return into the land of the philistines . the philistines went up to jezreel .
a great sign was seen in heaven : a woman clothed with the sun , and the moon under her feet , and on her head a crown of twelve stars .
that you may eat and drink at my table in my kingdom . you will sit on thrones , judging the twelve tribes of israel .
the earthen vessel , which he who has the discharge touches , shall be broken ; and every vessel of wood shall be rinsed in water .
command you the people , saying , you are to pass through the border of your brothers the children of esau , who dwell in seir ; and they will be afraid of you : take good heed to yourselves therefore ;
for i know my transgressions . my sin is constantly before me .
thus says yahweh , the god of israel , behold , i will turn back the weapons of war that are in your hands , with which you fight against the king of babylon , and against the chaldeans who besiege you , without the walls ; and i will gather them into the midst of this city .
hear my prayer , yahweh ! let my cry come to you .
so pursue them with your tempest , and terrify them with your storm .
he said these things , and after that , he said to them , our friend , lazarus , has fallen asleep , but i am going so that i may awake him out of sleep .
then men shall say , because they forsook the covenant of yahweh , the god of their fathers , which he made with them when he brought them forth out of the land of egypt ,
now therefore do n't hold him guiltless , for you are a wise man ; and you will know what you ought to do to him , and you shall bring his gray head down to sheol with blood .
the sons of gad lived over against them , in the land of bashan to salecah :
but jonathan did n't hear when his father charged the people with the oath : therefore he put forth the end of the rod who was in his hand , and dipped it in the honeycomb , and put his hand to his mouth ; and his eyes were enlightened .
if then god gave to them the same gift as us , when we believed in the lord jesus christ , who was i , that i could withstand god ?
you were dead through your trespasses and the uncircumcision of your flesh . he made you alive together with him , having forgiven us all our trespasses ,
you shall fall by the sword ; i will judge you in the border of israel ; and you shall know that i am yahweh .
love is patient and is kind ; love does n't envy . love does n't brag , is not proud ,
you shall teach them the statutes and the laws , and shall show them the way in which they must walk , and the work that they must do .
when the mourning was past , david sent and took her home to his house , and she became his wife , and bore him a son . but the thing that david had done displeased yahweh .
the messenger said to david , the men prevailed against us , and came out to us into the field , and we were on them even to the entrance of the gate .
for the earth bears fruit : first the blade , then the ear , then the full grain in the ear .
they were willing therefore to receive him into the boat . immediately the boat was at the land where they were going .
but i tell you that elijah has come , and they have also done to him whatever they wanted to , even as it is written about him .
hushai said moreover , you know your father and his men , that they are mighty men , and they are fierce in their minds , as a bear robbed of her cubs in the field ; and your father is a man of war , and will not lodge with the people .
your father made our yoke grievous : now therefore make you the grievous service of your father , and his heavy yoke which he put on us , lighter , and we will serve you .
neither with you only do i make this covenant and this oath ,
but he answered them , when it is evening , you say , it will be fair weather , for the sky is red . '
thus were the travels of the children of israel according to their armies ; and they set forward .
do n't neglect the gift that is in you , which was given to you by prophecy , with the laying on of the hands of the elders .
in time of security shall he come even on the fattest places of the province ; and he shall do that which his fathers have not done , nor his fathers ' fathers ; he shall scatter among them prey , and spoil , and substance : yes , he shall devise his devices against the strongholds , even for a time .
moses answered them , wait , that i may hear what yahweh will command concerning you .
jeroboam said to his wife , please get up and disguise yourself , that you not be known to be the wife of jeroboam ; and get you to shiloh : behold , there is ahijah the prophet , who spoke concerning me that i should be king over this people .
and desiring to be fed with the crumbs that fell from the rich man 's table . yes , even the dogs came and licked his sores .
azariah the chief priest , of the house of zadok , answered him and said , since the people began to bring the offerings into the house of yahweh , we have eaten and had enough , and have left plenty : for yahweh has blessed his people ; and that which is left is this great store .
that i may give wealth to those who love me . i fill their treasuries .
how then would the scriptures be fulfilled that it must be so ?
they are all plain to him who understands , right to those who find knowledge .
now therefore , if it seem good to the king , let there be search made in the king 's treasure house , which is there at babylon , whether it be so , that a decree was made of cyrus the king to build this house of god at jerusalem ; and let the king send his pleasure to us concerning this matter .
if we say that we have no sin , we deceive ourselves , and the truth is not in us .
the sun will not harm you by day , nor the moon by night .
the mountains quake before him , and the hills melt away . the earth trembles at his presence , yes , the world , and all who dwell in it .
why should you be beaten more , that you revolt more and more ? the whole head is sick , and the whole heart faint .
you shall eat , but not be satisfied . your humiliation will be in your midst . you will store up , but not save ; and that which you save i will give up to the sword .
yahweh has commanded concerning you : no more descendants will bear your name . out of the house of your gods , will i cut off the engraved image and the molten image . i will make your grave , for you are vile .
he brought in the priests and the levites , and gathered them together into the broad place on the east ,
as yahweh commanded moses , so he numbered them in the wilderness of sinai .
let the stars of the twilight of it be dark . let it look for light , but have none , neither let it see the eyelids of the morning ,
it shall happen in the latter days , that the mountain of yahweh 's house shall be established on the top of the mountains , and shall be raised above the hills ; and all nations shall flow to it .
let every wise - hearted man among you come , and make all that yahweh has commanded :
do you open your eyes on such a one , and bring me into judgment with you ?
and you shall keep it until the fourteenth day of the same month ; and the whole assembly of the congregation of israel shall kill it at evening .
yahweh saw that leah was hated , and he opened her womb , but rachel was barren .
if you walk contrary to me , and wo n't listen to me , then i will bring seven times more plagues on you according to your sins .
we 'll find all valuable wealth . we 'll fill our houses with spoil .
and because you are children , god sent out the spirit of his son into your hearts , crying , abba , father !
a wild donkey used to the wilderness , that snuffs up the wind in her desire ; in her occasion who can turn her away ? all those who seek her will not weary themselves ; in her month they shall find her .
it was told him by some saying , your mother and your brothers stand outside , desiring to see you .
the king 's favor is toward a servant who deals wisely , but his wrath is toward one who causes shame .
the father of circumcision to those who not only are of the circumcision , but who also walk in the steps of that faith of our father abraham , which he had in uncircumcision .
his servants conspired against him , and put him to death in his own house .
my enemies reproach me all day . those who are mad at me use my name as a curse .
because of your indignation and your wrath , for you have taken me up , and thrown me away .
only you shall not eat the blood ; you shall pour it out on the earth as water .
believe me that i am in the father , and the father in me ; or else believe me for the very works ' sake .
he who sent me is with me . the father has n't left me alone , for i always do the things that are pleasing to him .
observe that which i command you this day . behold , i drive out before you the amorite , the canaanite , the hittite , the perizzite , the hivite , and the jebusite .
he who loves father or mother more than me is not worthy of me ; and he who loves son or daughter more than me is n't worthy of me .
let us make , please , a little chamber on the wall ; and let us set for him there a bed , and a table , and a seat , and a lamp stand : and it shall be , when he comes to us , that he shall turn in there .
the sons of the prophets who were at bethel came forth to elisha , and said to him , do you know that yahweh will take away your master from your head today ? he said , yes , i know it ; hold your peace .
it is better that you should not vow , than that you should vow and not pay .
then answered david and said to ahimelech the hittite , and to abishai the son of zeruiah , brother to joab , saying , who will go down with me to saul to the camp ? abishai said , i will go down with you .
but i worked for my name 's sake , that it should not be profaned in the sight of the nations , in whose sight i brought them out .
will you show partiality to him ? will you contend for god ?
do n't be deceived , my beloved brothers .
for the mind of the flesh is death , but the mind of the spirit is life and peace ;
on that day yahweh magnified joshua in the sight of all israel ; and they feared him , as they feared moses , all the days of his life .
slanderous men have been in you to shed blood ; and in you they have eaten on the mountains : in the midst of you they have committed lewdness .
when they were by jebus , the day was far spent ; and the servant said to his master , please come and let us turn aside into this city of the jebusites , and lodge in it .
in the fullness of his sufficiency , distress shall overtake him : the hand of everyone who is in misery shall come on him .
from there he went against the inhabitants of debir . ( now the name of debir before was kiriath sepher . )
he said to me , write , blessed are those who are invited to the marriage supper of the lamb . ' he said to me , these are true words of god .
this we will do to them , and let them live ; lest wrath be on us , because of the oath which we swore to them .
he went and joined himself to one of the citizens of that country , and he sent him into his fields to feed pigs .
others , mocking , said , they are filled with new wine .
i said to her , you shall stay with me many days . you shall not play the prostitute , and you shall not be with any other man . i will also be so toward you .
therefore he was obligated in all things to be made like his brothers , that he might become a merciful and faithful high priest in things pertaining to god , to make atonement for the sins of the people .
none of them can by any means redeem his brother , nor give god a ransom for him .
when it was day , he called his disciples , and from them he chose twelve , whom he also named apostles :
while they see for you false visions , while they divine lies to you , to lay you on the necks of the wicked who are deadly wounded , whose day is come in the time of the iniquity of the end .
with absalom went two hundred men out of jerusalem , who were invited , and went in their simplicity ; and they did n't know anything .
however he does n't mean so , neither does his heart think so ; but it is in his heart to destroy , and to cut off not a few nations .
house and riches are an inheritance from fathers , but a prudent wife is from yahweh .
now , israel , what does yahweh your god require of you , but to fear yahweh your god , to walk in all his ways , and to love him , and to serve yahweh your god with all your heart and with all your soul ,
if he brings a lamb as his offering for a sin offering , he shall bring a female without blemish .
he said , i have observed all these things from my youth up .
in the latter time of their kingdom , when the transgressors are come to the full , a king of fierce face , and understanding dark sentences , shall stand up .
they came to jerusalem with psalteries and harps and trumpets to the house of yahweh .
but now , brothers , if i come to you speaking with other languages , what would i profit you , unless i speak to you either by way of revelation , or of knowledge , or of prophesying , or of teaching ?
would your wealth sustain you in distress , or all the might of your strength ?
all the people who were in the city were called together to pursue after them : and they pursued after joshua , and were drawn away from the city .
jacob traveled to succoth , built himself a house , and made shelters for his livestock . therefore the name of the place is called succoth .
and said to them , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , to whom you sent me to present your supplication before him :
they said one to another , we are certainly guilty concerning our brother , in that we saw the distress of his soul , when he begged us , and we would n't listen . therefore this distress has come upon us .
when the jubilee of the children of israel shall be , then will their inheritance be added to the inheritance of the tribe whereunto they shall belong : so will their inheritance be taken away from the inheritance of the tribe of our fathers .
all the cities which you shall give to the levites shall be forty - eight cities ; them shall you give with their suburbs .
then came the word of yahweh to jeremiah , saying ,
neither is it beyond the sea , that you should say , who shall go over the sea for us , and bring it to us , and make us to hear it , that we may do it ?
he who observes the day , observes it to the lord ; and he who does not observe the day , to the lord he does not observe it . he who eats , eats to the lord , for he gives god thanks . he who does n't eat , to the lord he does n't eat , and gives god thanks .
if someone ventures to talk with you , will you be grieved ? but who can withhold himself from speaking ?
and the body of jezebel shall be as dung on the face of the field in the portion of jezreel , so that they shall not say , this is jezebel .
but the man who touches them must be armed with iron and the staff of a spear : they shall be utterly burned with fire in their place
my son , let them not depart from your eyes . keep sound wisdom and discretion :
for he does not afflict willingly , nor grieve the children of men .
to me , the very least of all saints , was this grace given , to preach to the gentiles the unsearchable riches of christ ,
accept , i beg you , the willing offerings of my mouth . yahweh , teach me your ordinances .
i make a decree , that in all the dominion of my kingdom men tremble and fear before the god of daniel ; for he is the living god , and steadfast forever , his kingdom that which shall not be destroyed ; and his dominion shall be even to the end .
when she had brought them near to him to eat , he took hold of her , and said to her , come , lie with me , my sister .
when he has made her drink the water , then it shall happen , if she is defiled , and has committed a trespass against her husband , that the water that causes the curse will enter into her and become bitter , and her body will swell , and her thigh will fall away : and the woman will be a curse among her people .
now there were with us seven brothers . the first married and died , and having no seed left his wife to his brother .
at the return of the year king nebuchadnezzar sent , and brought him to babylon , with the goodly vessels of the house of yahweh , and made zedekiah his brother king over judah and jerusalem .
the anger of yahweh shall not return , until he has executed , and until he have performed the intents of his heart : in the latter days you shall understand it perfectly .
most assuredly i tell you , whatever things you will bind on earth will be have been bound in heaven , and whatever things you will release on earth will have been released in heaven .
let the house of aaron now say that his loving kindness endures forever .
moses said to the judges of israel , kill you everyone his men who have joined themselves to baal peor .
he has put in his heart that he may teach , both he , and oholiab , the son of ahisamach , of the tribe of dan .
because of this , he must offer sacrifices for sins for the people , as well as for himself .
why did the knees receive me ? or why the breast , that i should suck ?
yes , while i was speaking in prayer , the man gabriel , whom i had seen in the vision at the beginning , being caused to fly swiftly , touched me about the time of the evening offering .
let brotherly love continue .
they shall no more sacrifice their sacrifices to the goat idols , after which they play the prostitute . this shall be a statute forever to them throughout their generations . '
who can bring a clean thing out of an unclean ? not one .
sorrowing most of all because of the word which he had spoken , that they should see his face no more . and they accompanied him to the ship .
his division , and those who were numbered of them , were seventy - four thousand six hundred .
he said to me , son of man , see you what they do ? even the great abominations that the house of israel do commit here , that i should go far off from my sanctuary ? but you shall again see yet other great abominations .
since the world began it has never been heard of that anyone opened the eyes of someone born blind .
moses said , consecrate yourselves today to yahweh , yes , every man against his son , and against his brother ; that he may bestow on you a blessing this day .
the watchman said , the morning comes , and also the night . if you will inquire , inquire . come back again .
the sun to rule by day ; for his loving kindness endures forever ;
in that day , says yahweh , there will be the noise of a cry from the fish gate , a wailing from the second quarter , and a great crashing from the hills .
i will open rivers on the bare heights , and springs in the midst of the valleys . i will make the wilderness a pool of water , and the dry land springs of water .
i will remember yah 's deeds ; for i will remember your wonders of old .
now therefore know and consider what you will do ; for evil is determined against our master , and against all his house : for he is such a worthless fellow that one ca n't speak to him .
so jehu the son of jehoshaphat the son of nimshi conspired against joram . ( now joram was keeping ramoth gilead , he and all israel , because of hazael king of syria ;
for the ways of man are before the eyes of yahweh . he examines all his paths .
nevertheless they did n't depart from the sins of the house of jeroboam , with which he made israel to sin , but walked therein : and there remained the asherah also in samaria . )
then came jeremiah from topheth , where yahweh had sent him to prophesy ; and he stood in the court of yahweh 's house , and said to all the people :
the children of benjamin did so , and took them wives , according to their number , of those who danced , whom they carried off : and they went and returned to their inheritance , and built the cities , and lived in them .
on the fourth day ten bulls , two rams , fourteen male lambs a year old without blemish ;
he said to them , lodge here this night , and i will bring you word again , as yahweh shall speak to me : and the princes of moab abode with balaam .
you shall not oppress a hired servant who is poor and needy , whether he be of your brothers , or of your foreigners who are in your land within your gates :
but he , turning around , and seeing his disciples , rebuked peter , and said , get behind me , satan ! for you have in mind not the things of god , but the things of men .
but we ourselves will be ready armed to go before the children of israel , until we have brought them to their place : and our little ones shall dwell in the fortified cities because of the inhabitants of the land .
judah said to his brothers , what profit is it if we kill our brother and conceal his blood ?
the jordan was the border of it on the east quarter . this was the inheritance of the children of benjamin , by the borders of it round about , according to their families .
for thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel : houses and fields and vineyards shall yet again be bought in this land .
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old , everyone who entered in to do the work of service , and the work of bearing burdens in the tent of meeting ,
by this was god 's love revealed in us , that god has sent his one and only son into the world that we might live through him .
and with you will i break in pieces the horse and his rider ;
he shall burn the garment , whether the warp or the woof , in wool or in linen , or anything of skin , in which the plague is : for it is a destructive mildew . it shall be burned in the fire .
and the cloth that had been on his head , not lying with the linen cloths , but rolled up in a place by itself .
but when he saw many of the pharisees and sadducees coming for his baptism , he said to them , you offspring of vipers , who warned you to flee from the wrath to come ?
he said to the disciples , the days will come , when you will desire to see one of the days of the son of man , and you will not see it .
it was a sabbath when jesus made the mud and opened his eyes .
yahweh , you have seen my wrong ; judge you my cause .
if a man lies with his uncle 's wife , he has uncovered his uncle 's nakedness : they shall bear their sin ; they shall die childless .
they grieved isaac 's and rebekah 's spirits .
now therefore , my lord , as yahweh lives , and as your soul lives , seeing yahweh has withheld you from blood guiltiness , and from avenging yourself with your own hand , now therefore let your enemies , and those who seek evil to my lord , be as nabal .
for you are the god of my strength . why have you rejected me ? why do i go mourning because of the oppression of the enemy ?
now the rest of the acts of ahab , and all that he did , and the ivory house which he built , and all the cities that he built , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of israel ?
they brought him to him , and when he saw him , immediately the spirit convulsed him , and he fell on the ground , wallowing and foaming at the mouth .
truth springs out of the earth . righteousness has looked down from heaven .
he sent among them swarms of flies , which devoured them ; and frogs , which destroyed them .
now there were four leprous men at the entrance of the gate : and they said one to another , why sit we here until we die ?
he said , come ! peter stepped down from the boat , and walked on the waters to come to jesus .
now he who made us for this very thing is god , who also gave to us the down payment of the spirit .
do n't give your strength to women , nor your ways to that which destroys kings .
see , yahweh ; for i am in distress ; my heart is troubled ; my heart is turned within me ; for i have grievously rebelled : abroad the sword bereaves , at home there is as death .
i will praise you , lord my god , with my whole heart . i will glorify your name forevermore .
the burden of babylon , which isaiah the son of amoz saw :
lest i strip her naked , and make her bare as in the day that she was born , and make her like a wilderness , and set her like a dry land , and kill her with thirst .
but he denied it before them all , saying , i do n't know what you are talking about .
foreigners will dwell in ashdod , and i will cut off the pride of the philistines .
the first went , and poured out his bowl into the earth , and it became a harmful and evil sore on the people who had the mark of the beast , and who worshiped his image .
he teaches my hands to war ; so that my arms bend a bow of bronze .
he shall bring the bull to the door of the tent of meeting before yahweh ; and he shall lay his hand on the head of the bull , and kill the bull before yahweh .
let me sing for my well beloved a song of my beloved about his vineyard . my beloved had a vineyard on a very fruitful hill .
and out of the city he took an officer who was set over the men of war ; and seven men of those who saw the king 's face , who were found in the city ; and the scribe of the captain of the army , who mustered the people of the land ; and sixty men of the people of the land , who were found in the midst of the city .
and will make an offering by fire to yahweh , a burnt offering , or a sacrifice , to accomplish a vow , or as a freewill offering , or in your set feasts , to make a sweet savor to yahweh , of the herd , or of the flock ;
in the same day both abraham and ishmael , his son , were circumcised .
now david went back and forth from saul to feed his father 's sheep at bethlehem .
now therefore , if you will indeed obey my voice , and keep my covenant , then you shall be my own possession from among all peoples ; for all the earth is mine ;
neither have we obeyed the voice of yahweh our god , to walk in his laws , which he set before us by his servants the prophets .
may the high praises of god be in their mouths , and a two - edged sword in their hand ;
saying , do n't touch my anointed ones , do my prophets no harm .
an honest answer is like a kiss on the lips .
great is yahweh , and greatly to be praised , in the city of our god , in his holy mountain .
there was a great famine in samaria : and behold , they besieged it , until a donkey 's head was sold for eighty pieces of silver , and the fourth part of a kab of dove 's dung for five pieces of silver .
so i will sing praise to your name forever , that i may fulfill my vows daily .
it will happen in that day , that living waters will go out from jerusalem ; half of them toward the eastern sea , and half of them toward the western sea ; in summer and in winter will it be .
if they be married to any of the sons of the other tribes of the children of israel , then will their inheritance be taken away from the inheritance of our fathers , and will be added to the inheritance of the tribe whereunto they shall belong : so will it be taken away from the lot of our inheritance .
a foolish son is the calamity of his father . a wife 's quarrels are a continual dripping .
there went out a champion out of the camp of the philistines , named goliath , of gath , whose height was six cubits and a span .
then i returned and saw all the oppressions that are done under the sun : and behold , the tears of those who were oppressed , and they had no comforter ; and on the side of their oppressors there was power ; but they had no comforter .
now it happened on the third day , that esther put on her royal clothing , and stood in the inner court of the king 's house , over against the king 's house : and the king sat on his royal throne in the royal house , over against the entrance of the house .
he took agag the king of the amalekites alive , and utterly destroyed all the people with the edge of the sword .
they baked unleavened cakes of the dough which they brought forth out of egypt ; for it was n't leavened , because they were thrust out of egypt , and could n't wait , neither had they prepared for themselves any food .
so david prevailed over the philistine with a sling and with a stone , and struck the philistine , and killed him ; but there was no sword in the hand of david .
therefore i tell you , all things whatever you pray and ask for , believe that you have received them , and you shall have them .
you shall sell me food for money , that i may eat ; and give me water for money , that i may drink : only let me pass through on my feet ,
and jehoiakim the king sent men into egypt , namely , elnathan the son of achbor , and certain men with him , into egypt ;
so naomi returned , and ruth the moabitess , her daughter - in - law , with her , who returned out of the country of moab : and they came to bethlehem in the beginning of barley harvest .
having the same conflict which you saw in me , and now hear is in me .
be careful that you do n't do your charitable giving before men , to be seen by them , or else you have no reward from your father who is in heaven .
jacob did so , and fulfilled her week . he gave him rachel his daughter as wife .
lord , i beg you , let now your ear be attentive to the prayer of your servant , and to the prayer of your servants , who delight to fear your name ; and please prosper your servant this day , and grant him mercy in the sight of this man . now i was cup bearer to the king .
on the next day , he was determined to go out into galilee , and he found philip . jesus said to him , follow me .
jehoshaphat slept with his fathers , and was buried with his fathers in the city of david his father ; jehoram his son reigned in his place .
seeing that you seek a proof of christ who speaks in me ; who toward you is not weak , but is powerful in you .
abimelech fought against the city all that day ; and he took the city , and killed the people who were therein : and he beat down the city , and sowed it with salt .
it shall be on aaron 's forehead , and aaron shall bear the iniquity of the holy things , which the children of israel shall make holy in all their holy gifts ; and it shall be always on his forehead , that they may be accepted before yahweh .
and all their wealth . they took captive all their little ones and their wives , and took as plunder everything that was in the house .
i tell you that he will avenge them quickly . nevertheless , when the son of man comes , will he find faith on the earth ?
in their streets , they dress themselves in sackcloth . in their streets and on their housetops , everyone wails , weeping abundantly .
he works to the north , but i ca n't see him ; he turns south , but i ca n't catch a glimpse of him .
therefore the fathers shall eat the sons in the midst of you , and the sons shall eat their fathers ; and i will execute judgments on you ; and the whole remnant of you will i scatter to all the winds .
for whoever will be ashamed of me and of my words , of him will the son of man be ashamed , when he comes in his glory , and the glory of the father , and of the holy angels .
blessed is the nation whose god is yahweh , the people whom he has chosen for his own inheritance .
they cut their provender in the field . they glean the vineyard of the wicked .
but concerning the resurrection of the dead , have n't you read that which was spoken to you by god , saying ,
therefore they will carry away the abundance they have gotten , and that which they have stored up , over the brook of the willows .
that which the rest of the people gave was twenty thousand darics of gold , and two thousand minas of silver , and sixty - seven priests ' garments .
and we will take ten men of one hundred throughout all the tribes of israel , and one hundred of one thousand , and a thousand out of ten thousand , to get food for the people , that they may do , when they come to gibeah of benjamin , according to all the folly that they have worked in israel .
likewise when all the jews who were in moab , and among the children of ammon , and in edom , and who were in all the countries , heard that the king of babylon had left a remnant of judah , and that he had set over them gedaliah the son of ahikam , the son of shaphan ;
again , assuredly i tell you , that if two of you will agree on earth concerning anything that they will ask , it will be done for them by my father who is in heaven .
it happened in the month nisan , in the twentieth year of artaxerxes the king , when wine was before him , that i took up the wine , and gave it to the king . now i had not been before sad in his presence .
a perverse heart will be far from me . i will have nothing to do with evil .
you shall not uncover the nakedness of your father 's sister : she is your father 's near kinswoman .
he will say , cast up , cast up , prepare the way , take up the stumbling - block out of the way of my people .
he took food and was strengthened . saul stayed several days with the disciples who were at damascus .
but absalom pressed him , and he let amnon and all the king 's sons go with him .
then went abimelech to thebez , and encamped against thebez , and took it .
the skillfully woven band that was on it , with which to fasten it on , was of the same piece , like its work ; of gold , of blue , purple , scarlet , and fine twined linen ; as yahweh commanded moses .
all the saints greet you .
if it seem evil to you to serve yahweh , choose you this day whom you will serve ; whether the gods which your fathers served that were beyond the river , or the gods of the amorites , in whose land you dwell : but as for me and my house , we will serve yahweh .
a certain man saw it , and told joab , and said , behold , i saw absalom hanging in an oak .
for i speak to you who are gentiles . since then as i am an apostle to gentiles , i glorify my ministry ;
now at that time the king of babylon 's army was besieging jerusalem ; and jeremiah the prophet was shut up in the court of the guard , which was in the king of judah 's house .
for a multitude of the people , even many of ephraim and manasseh , issachar and zebulun , had not cleansed themselves , yet did they eat the passover otherwise than it is written . for hezekiah had prayed for them , saying , the good yahweh pardon everyone
like as a woman with child , who draws near the time of her delivery , is in pain and cries out in her pangs ; so we have been before you , yahweh .
for the son of man will come in the glory of his father with his angels , and then he will render to everyone according to his deeds .
abimelech chased him , and he fled before him , and there fell many wounded , even to the entrance of the gate .
when they were by the house of micah , they knew the voice of the young man the levite ; and they turned aside there , and said to him , who brought you here ? and what do you in this place ? and what have you here ?
then said david , will the men of keilah deliver up to me and my men into the hand of saul ? yahweh said , they will deliver you up .
jethro rejoiced for all the goodness which yahweh had done to israel , in that he had delivered them out of the hand of the egyptians .
therefore will i give their wives to others , and their fields to those who shall possess them : for everyone from the least even to the greatest is given to covetousness ; from the prophet even to the priest every one deals falsely .
thomas answered him , my lord and my god !
but in his own time revealed his word in the message with which i was entrusted according to the commandment of god our savior ;
then washed i you with water ; yes , i thoroughly washed away your blood from you , and i anointed you with oil .
the sluggard says , there is a lion outside ! i will be killed in the streets !
nebuchadnezzar king of babylon came to the city , while his servants were besieging it ;
in the second year of joash son of joahaz king of israel began amaziah the son of joash king of judah to reign .
they have made it a desolation ; it mourns to me , being desolate ; the whole land is made desolate , because no man lays it to heart .
the finely worked garmentsthe holy garments for aaron the priestthe garments of his sons to minister in the priest 's office ,
it happened , when they had eaten up the grain which they had brought out of egypt , their father said to them , go again , buy us a little more food .
behold , as your life was much set by this day in my eyes , so let my life be much set by in the eyes of yahweh , and let him deliver me out of all oppression .
see now that i , even i , am he , there is no god with me : i kill , and i make alive ; i wound , and i heal ; there is none who can deliver out of my hand .
but even in those days , says yahweh , i will not make a full end with you .
listen , islands , to me ; and listen , you peoples , from far : yahweh has called me from the womb ; from the bowels of my mother has he made mention of my name :
therefore i began to cause my heart to despair concerning all the labor in which i had labored under the sun .
in the thirty - eighth year of asa king of judah began ahab the son of omri to reign over israel : and ahab the son of omri reigned over israel in samaria twenty - two years .
through you , will we push down our adversaries . through your name , will we tread them under who rise up against us .
then that which was spoken through jeremiah the prophet was fulfilled , saying , they took the thirty pieces of silver , the price of him upon whom a price had been set , whom some of the children of israel priced ,
edom shall become an astonishment : everyone who passes by it shall be astonished , and shall hiss at all the plagues of it .
but thanks be to god , that , whereas you were bondservants of sin , you became obedient from the heart to that form of teaching whereunto you were delivered .
six years you shall sow your field , and six years you shall prune your vineyard , and gather in its fruits ;
it happened , while they were greatly perplexed about this , behold , two men stood by them in dazzling clothing .
he sent hadoram his son to king david , to greet him , and to bless him , because he had fought against hadarezer and struck him ; ( for hadarezer had wars with tou ;) and he had with him all manner of vessels of gold and silver and brass .
we said to my lord , the boy ca n't leave his father : for if he should leave his father , his father would die . '
do n't incline my heart to any evil thing , to practice deeds of wickedness with men who work iniquity . do n't let me eat of their delicacies .
bear one another 's burdens , and so fulfill the law of christ .
tell wisdom , you are my sister . call understanding your relative ,
simon peter went up , and drew the net to land , full of great fish , one hundred fifty - three ; and even though there were so many , the net was n't torn .
your silver and your gold is mine ; your wives also and your children , even the best , are mine .
for none of us lives to himself , and none dies to himself .
even those did cyrus king of persia bring forth by the hand of mithredath the treasurer , and numbered them to sheshbazzar , the prince of judah .
and you shall break down their altars , and dash in pieces their pillars , and burn their asherim with fire ; and you shall cut down the engraved images of their gods ; and you shall destroy their name out of that place .
and there were six steps to the throne , with a footstool of gold , which were fastened to the throne , and stays on either side by the place of the seat , and two lions standing beside the stays .
has he struck them as he struck those who struck them ? or are they killed like those who killed them were killed ?
but you , god , will bring them down into the pit of destruction . bloodthirsty and deceitful men shall not live out half their days , but i will trust in you .
nob , the city of the priests , struck he with the edge of the sword , both men and women , children and nursing babies , and oxen and donkeys and sheep , with the edge of the sword .
you say also , behold , what a weariness it is ! ' and you have sniffed at it , says yahweh of armies ; and you have brought that which was taken by violence , the lame , and the sick ; thus you bring the offering . should i accept this at your hand ? says yahweh .
then said jeremiah to them , thus shall you tell zedekiah :
he chooses our inheritance for us , the glory of jacob whom he loved . selah .
having been reminded of the unfeigned faith that is in you ; which lived first in your grandmother lois , and your mother eunice , and , i am persuaded , in you also .
you shall tell them , this is the nation that has not listened to the voice of yahweh their god , nor received instruction : truth is perished , and is cut off from their mouth .
wisdom rests in the heart of one who has understanding , and is even made known in the inward part of fools .
and he shall lay his hand on its head , and kill it before the tent of meeting ; and the sons of aaron shall sprinkle its blood on the altar round about .
the second took her as wife , and he died childless .
hide me from the conspiracy of the wicked , from the noisy crowd of the ones doing evil ;
who gave him a charge over the earth ? or who has appointed him over the whole world ?
they shall live , and to him shall be given of the gold of sheba . men shall pray for him continually . they shall bless him all day long .
who is this king of glory ? yahweh of armies , he is the king of glory . selah .
you have despised my holy things , and have profaned my sabbaths .
now you say , go , tell your lord , behold , elijah is here ; and he will kill me .
immediately he took soldiers and centurions , and ran down to them . they , when they saw the chief captain and the soldiers , stopped beating paul .
the poles shall be in the rings of the ark . they shall not be taken from it .
i will surely hide my face in that day for all the evil which they shall have worked , in that they are turned to other gods .
on an appointed day , herod dressed himself in royal clothing , sat on the throne , and gave a speech to them .
ezra the priest brought the law before the assembly , both men and women , and all who could hear with understanding , on the first day of the seventh month .
but when moses went in before yahweh to speak with him , he took the veil off , until he came out ; and he came out , and spoke to the children of israel that which he was commanded .
for your servants take pleasure in her stones , and have pity on her dust .
a fool shows his annoyance the same day , but one who overlooks an insult is prudent .
my soul has observed your testimonies . i love them exceedingly .
you returned and wept before yahweh ; but yahweh did n't listen to your voice , nor gave ear to you .
how much more will the blood of christ , who through the eternal spirit offered himself without blemish to god , cleanse your conscience from dead works to serve the living god ?
when they had mocked him , they took the robe off of him , and put his clothes on him , and led him away to crucify him .
behold , a king shall reign in righteousness , and princes shall rule in justice .
i turned to see the voice that spoke with me . having turned , i saw seven golden lampstands .
because they have forsaken me , and have burned incense to other gods , that they might provoke me to anger with all the works of their hands ; therefore is my wrath poured out on this place , and it shall not be quenched .
for he will deliver you from the snare of the fowler , and from the deadly pestilence .
nevertheless leave the stump of its roots in the earth , even with a band of iron and brass , in the tender grass of the field ; and let it be wet with the dew of the sky : and let his portion be with the animals in the grass of the earth :
in beatings , in imprisonments , in riots , in labors , in watchings , in fastings ;
as babylon has caused the slain of israel to fall , so at babylon shall fall the slain of all the land .
rehoboam went to shechem : for all israel were come to shechem to make him king .
wo n't the uncircumcision which is by nature , if it fulfills the law , judge you , who with the letter and circumcision are a transgressor of the law ?
isaiah said these things when he saw his glory , and spoke of him .
he brought them to the border of his sanctuary , to this mountain , which his right hand had taken .
he made the boards for the tent : twenty boards for the south side southward .
those who devise mischief in their hearts . they continually gather themselves together for war .
for the king 's word is supreme . who can say to him , what are you doing ?
the disciples told him , rabbi , the jews were just trying to stone you , and are you going there again ?
your adversaries have roared in the midst of your assembly . they have set up their standards as signs .
on this i awakened , and saw ; and my sleep was sweet to me .
like cold water to a thirsty soul , so is good news from a far country .
we know that god does n't listen to sinners , but if anyone is a worshipper of god , and does his will , he listens to him .
yet was she carried away . she went into captivity . her young children also were dashed in pieces at the head of all the streets , and they cast lots for her honorable men , and all her great men were bound in chains .
the taskmasters of the people went out , and their officers , and they spoke to the people , saying , this is what pharaoh says : i will not give you straw .
after him ibzan of bethlehem judged israel .
yahweh sent an angel , who cut off all the mighty men of valor , and the leaders and captains , in the camp of the king of assyria . so he returned with shame of face to his own land . when he was come into the house of his god , those who came forth from his own bowels killed him there with the sword .
as for me , in the first year of darius the mede , i stood up to confirm and strengthen him .
he shall dwell in that city , until he stand before the congregation for judgment , until the death of the high priest that shall be in those days : then shall the manslayer return , and come to his own city , and to his own house , to the city from whence he fled .
you shall not add to the word which i command you , neither shall you diminish from it , that you may keep the commandments of yahweh your god which i command you .
i will bless her , and moreover i will give you a son by her . yes , i will bless her , and she will be a mother of nations . kings of peoples will come from her .
even the dust from your city that clings to us , we wipe off against you . nevertheless know this , that the kingdom of god has come near to you . '
you shall see it , and your heart shall rejoice , and your bones shall flourish like the tender grass : and the hand of yahweh shall be known toward his servants ; and he will have indignation against his enemies .
moreover i will make you a desolation and a reproach among the nations that are round about you , in the sight of all that pass by .
one golden ladle of ten shekels , full of incense ;
however the high places were not taken away ; the people still sacrificed and burnt incense in the high places .
therefore thus says yahweh , who redeemed abraham , concerning the house of jacob : jacob shall no longer be ashamed , neither shall his face grow pale .
i speak by way of disparagement , as though we had been weak . yet however any is bold ( i speak in foolishness ) , i am bold also .
samuel took a sucking lamb , and offered it for a whole burnt offering to yahweh : and samuel cried to yahweh for israel ; and yahweh answered him .
of gold by weight for the vessels of gold , for all vessels of every kind of service ; of silver for all the vessels of silver by weight , for all vessels of every kind of service ;
i will betroth you to me forever . yes , i will betroth you to me in righteousness , in justice , in loving kindness , and in compassion .
ephraim surrounds me with falsehood , and the house of israel with deceit . judah still strays from god , and is unfaithful to the holy one .
therefore her young men shall fall in her streets , and all the men of war shall be brought to silence in that day , says yahweh of armies .
for we know that the whole creation groans and travails in pain together until now .
have mercy on me , yahweh , for i am faint . yahweh , heal me , for my bones are troubled .
if gilead is wicked , surely they are worthless . in gilgal they sacrifice bulls . indeed , their altars are like heaps in the furrows of the field .
but peter said to him , may your silver perish with you , because you thought you could obtain the gift of god with money !
now it was in the heart of david my father to build a house for the name of yahweh , the god of israel .
draw water for the siege . strengthen your fortresses . go into the clay , and tread the mortar . make the brick kiln strong .
they called to lot , and said to him , where are the men who came in to you this night ? bring them out to us , that we may have sex with them .
they asked him , tell us : by what authority do you do these things ? or who is giving you this authority ?
i am still confident of this : i will see the goodness of yahweh in the land of the living .
this thing became a sin ; for the people went to worship before the one , even to dan .
the doors of the side chambers were toward the place that was left , one door toward the north , and another door toward the south : and the breadth of the place that was left was five cubits round about .
the king of assyria carried israel away to assyria , and put them in halah , and on the habor , the river of gozan , and in the cities of the medes ,
i thank my god whenever i remember you ,
i have put my words in your mouth , and have covered you in the shadow of my hand , that i may plant the heavens , and lay the foundations of the earth , and tell zion , you are my people .
but to wear sandals , and not put on two tunics .
he took it into his hands , and went on , eating as he went ; and he came to his father and mother , and gave to them , and they ate : but he did n't tell them that he had taken the honey out of the body of the lion .
for you know the grace of our lord jesus christ , that , though he was rich , yet for your sakes he became poor , that you through his poverty might become rich .
as he was going out into the way , one ran to him , knelt before him , and asked him , good teacher , what shall i do that i may inherit eternal life ?
the young man who told him said , as i happened by chance on mount gilboa , behold , saul was leaning on his spear ; and behold , the chariots and the horsemen followed hard after him .
drought and heat consume the snow waters ; so does sheol those who have sinned .
bel bows down , nebo stoops ; their idols are on the animals , and on the livestock : the things that you carried about are made a load , a burden to the weary animal .
joseph said to them , what deed is this that you have done ? do n't you know that such a man as i can indeed divine ?
take the choice of the flock , and also a pile of wood for the bones under the caldron ; make it boil well ; yes , let the bones of it be boiled in the midst of it .
to the woman he said , i will greatly multiply your pain in childbirth . in pain you will bring forth children . your desire will be for your husband , and he will rule over you .
they shall build houses , and inhabit them ; and they shall plant vineyards , and eat the fruit of them .
he was there with yahweh forty days and forty nights ; he neither ate bread , nor drank water . he wrote on the tablets the words of the covenant , the ten commandments .
the day that you stood before yahweh your god in horeb , when yahweh said to me , assemble me the people , and i will make them hear my words , that they may learn to fear me all the days that they live on the earth , and that they may teach their children .
since it is a righteous thing with god to repay affliction to those who afflict you ,
yet , yahweh , you know all their counsel against me to kill me ; do n't forgive their iniquity , neither blot out their sin from your sight ; but let them be overthrown before you ; deal you with them in the time of your anger .
whose voice shook the earth , then , but now he has promised , saying , yet once more i will shake not only the earth , but also the heavens .
not of works , that no one would boast .
whom will he teach knowledge ? to whom will he explain the message ? those who are weaned from the milk , and drawn from the breasts ?
and resen between nineveh and calah ( the same is the great city ) .
is this thing done by my lord the king , and you have n't shown to your servants who should sit on the throne of my lord the king after him ?
therefore let him who speaks in another language pray that he may interpret .
it happened , as he came near jericho , a certain blind man sat by the road , begging .
thus says yahweh to this people , even so have they loved to wander ; they have not refrained their feet : therefore yahweh does not accept them ; now he will remember their iniquity , and visit their sins .
but when the chief priests and the scribes saw the wonderful things that he did , and the children who were crying in the temple and saying , hosanna to the son of david ! they were indignant ,
sarah , my master 's wife , bore a son to my master when she was old . he has given all that he has to him .
declare his glory among the nations , his marvelous works among all the peoples .
wisdom is before the face of one who has understanding , but the eyes of a fool wander to the ends of the earth .
now it happened in the days of ahasuerus ( this is ahasuerus who reigned from india even to ethiopia , over one hundred twenty - seven provinces ) ,
who confirms the word of his servant , and performs the counsel of his messengers ; who says of jerusalem , she shall be inhabited ; and of the cities of judah , they shall be built , and i will raise up the waste places of it ;
this is the cause why joshua did circumcise : all the people who came forth out of egypt , who were males , even all the men of war , died in the wilderness by the way , after they came forth out of egypt .
now therefore let your hands be strong , and be you valiant ; for saul your lord is dead , and also the house of judah have anointed me king over them .
the mouth of the righteous is a spring of life , but violence covers the mouth of the wicked .
the ones who had been sent were from the pharisees .
for whatever is born of god overcomes the world . this is the victory that has overcome the world : your faith .
the priest of jupiter , whose temple was in front of their city , brought oxen and garlands to the gates , and would have made a sacrifice along with the multitudes .
when his disciples , james and john , saw this , they said , lord , do you want us to command fire to come down from the sky , and destroy them , just as elijah did ?
he shall keep in order the lamps on the pure gold lampstand before yahweh continually .
does he thank that servant because he did the things that were commanded ? i think not .
who was faithful to him who appointed him , as also was moses in all his house .
philip opened his mouth , and beginning from this scripture , preached to him jesus .
you offspring of vipers , how can you , being evil , speak good things ? for out of the abundance of the heart , the mouth speaks .
his splendor is like the sunrise . rays shine from his hand , where his power is hidden .
someone told jacob , and said , behold , your son joseph comes to you , and israel strengthened himself , and sat on the bed .
for i will give you a mouth and wisdom which all your adversaries will not be able to withstand or to contradict .
if your brother , the son of your mother , or your son , or your daughter , or the wife of your bosom , or your friend , who is as your own soul , entice you secretly , saying , let us go and serve other gods , which you have not known , you , nor your fathers ;
when did we see you sick , or in prison , and come to you ? '
when she recognized peter 's voice , she did n't open the gate for joy , but ran in , and reported that peter was standing in front of the gate .
joshua said , hereby you shall know that the living god is among you , and that he will without fail drive out from before you the canaanite , and the hittite , and the hivite , and the perizzite , and the girgashite , and the amorite , and the jebusite .
but on the next day they left the horsemen to go with him , and returned to the barracks .
there shall be no yeast seen with you in all your borders seven days ; neither shall any of the flesh , which you sacrifice the first day at even , remain all night until the morning .
jesus said to him , today , salvation has come to this house , because he also is a son of abraham .
all the kings of the earth sought the presence of solomon , to hear his wisdom , which god had put in his heart .
yet a little while , and the world will see me no more ; but you will see me . because i live , you will live also .
and for the sacrifice of peace offerings , two oxen , five rams , five male goats , and five male lambs a year old . this was the offering of eliab the son of helon .
then they laid their hands on them , and they received the holy spirit .
the seven angels who had the seven trumpets prepared themselves to sound .
moses said to aaron , take your censer , and put fire therein from off the altar , and lay incense thereon , and carry it quickly to the congregation , and make atonement for them : for there is wrath gone out from yahweh ; the plague is begun .
the king said , let him turn to his own house , but let him not see my face . so absalom turned to his own house , and did n't see the king 's face .
but his face fell at that saying , and he went away sorrowful , for he was one who had great possessions .
surely you shall not come into the land , concerning which i swore that i would make you dwell therein , save caleb the son of jephunneh , and joshua the son of nun .
and when we cried to yahweh , he heard our voice , and sent an angel , and brought us forth out of egypt : and behold , we are in kadesh , a city in the uttermost of your border .
but there shall be no more gloom for her who was in anguish . in the former time , he brought into contempt the land of zebulun and the land of naphtali ; but in the latter time he has made it glorious , by the way of the sea , beyond the jordan , galilee of the nations .
for his eyes are on the ways of a man , he sees all his goings .
it happened that the beggar died , and that he was carried away by the angels to abraham 's bosom . the rich man also died , and was buried .
they , when they heard it , were glad , and promised to give him money . he sought how he might conveniently deliver him .
blessed shall you be in the city , and blessed shall you be in the field .
but the queen vashti refused to come at the king 's commandment by the chamberlains : therefore was the king very angry , and his anger burned in him .
so that i come again to my father 's house in peace , and yahweh will be my god ,
every male among the priests shall eat of it : it is most holy .
in this love has been made perfect among us , that we may have boldness in the day of judgment , because as he is , even so are we in this world .
who also made us sufficient as servants of a new covenant ; not of the letter , but of the spirit . for the letter kills , but the spirit gives life .
he shall not honor his father or mother . ' you have made the commandment of god void because of your tradition .
david did as god commanded him : and they struck the army of the philistines from gibeon even to gezer .
we , being jews by nature , and not gentile sinners ,
but if he shall make them null and void after that he has heard them , then he shall bear her iniquity .
according to the foreknowledge of god the father , in sanctification of the spirit , that you may obey jesus christ and be sprinkled in his blood : grace to you and peace be multiplied .
let your father and your mother be glad ! let her who bore you rejoice !
behold , this is the joy of his way : out of the earth shall others spring .
he does n't withdraw his eyes from the righteous , but with kings on the throne , he sets them forever , and they are exalted .
david abode in the wilderness in the strongholds , and remained in the hill country in the wilderness of ziph . saul sought him every day , but god did n't deliver him into his hand .
there were beams in three rows , and window was over against window in three ranks .
appoint for you three men of each tribe : and i will send them , and they shall arise , and walk through the land , and describe it according to their inheritance ; and they shall come to me .
the earth will stagger like a drunken man , and will sway back and forth like a hammock . its disobedience will be heavy on it , and it will fall and not rise again .
therefore seeing we have this ministry , even as we obtained mercy , we do n't faint .
they shall bring all your brothers out of all the nations for an offering to yahweh , on horses , and in chariots , and in litters , and on mules , and on dromedaries , to my holy mountain jerusalem , says yahweh , as the children of israel bring their offering in a clean vessel into the house of yahweh .
when the servant of the man of god was risen early , and gone forth , behold , an army with horses and chariots was round about the city . his servant said to him , alas , my master ! how shall we do ?
jesus said to him , because you have seen me , you have believed . blessed are those who have not seen , and have believed .
all vision has become to you like the words of a book that is sealed , which men deliver to one who is educated , saying , read this , please ; and he says , i ca n't , for it is sealed :
speak also to the children of israel , saying , most assuredly you shall keep my sabbaths : for it is a sign between me and you throughout your generations ; that you may know that i am yahweh who sanctifies you .
then king david sent , and fetched him out of the house of machir the son of ammiel , from lo debar .
unless those days had been shortened , no flesh would have been saved . but for the sake of the chosen ones , those days will be shortened .
also hosah , of the children of merari , had sons : shimri the chief , ( for though he was not the firstborn , yet his father made him chief ) ,
for the kingdom of god is not in word , but in power .
to the beloved apphia , to archippus , our fellow soldier , and to the assembly in your house :
and have cast their gods into the fire ; for they were no gods , but the work of men 's hands , wood and stone ; therefore they have destroyed them .
he made from one blood every nation of men to dwell on all the surface of the earth , having determined appointed seasons , and the boundaries of their dwellings ,
because they have forsaken me , and have burned incense to other gods , that they might provoke me to anger with all the work of their hands , therefore my wrath shall be kindled against this place , and it shall not be quenched .
mordecai told him of all that had happened to him , and the exact sum of the money that haman had promised to pay to the king 's treasuries for the jews , to destroy them .
all the presidents of the kingdom , the deputies and the satraps , the counselors and the governors , have consulted together to establish a royal statute , and to make a strong interdict , that whoever shall ask a petition of any god or man for thirty days , save of you , o king , he shall be cast into the den of lions .
yahweh god said , behold , the man has become like one of us , knowing good and evil . now , lest he put forth his hand , and also take of the tree of life , and eat , and live forever ...
and take double money in your hand , and take back the money that was returned in the mouth of your sacks . perhaps it was an oversight .
furthermore , my son , be admonished : of making many books there is no end ; and much study is a weariness of the flesh .
we inform the king that , if this city be built , and the walls finished , by this means you shall have no portion beyond the river .
but abishai the son of zeruiah helped him , and struck the philistine , and killed him . then the men of david swore to him , saying , you shall go no more out with us to battle , that you do n't quench the lamp of israel .
moab has been at ease from his youth , and he has settled on his lees , and has not been emptied from vessel to vessel , neither has he gone into captivity : therefore his taste remains in him , and his scent is not changed .
immediately all the multitude , when they saw him , were greatly amazed , and running to him greeted him .
all were weeping and mourning her , but he said , do n't weep . she is n't dead , but sleeping .
we are orphans and fatherless ; our mothers are as widows .
yahweh spoke to moses and to aaron , saying ,
gaal the son of ebed said , who is abimelech , and who is shechem , that we should serve him ? is n't he the son of jerubbaal ? and zebul his officer ? serve you the men of hamor the father of shechem : but why should we serve him ?
for herod feared john , knowing that he was a righteous and holy man , and kept him safe . when he heard him , he did many things , and he heard him gladly .
but they insisted , saying , he stirs up the people , teaching throughout all judea , beginning from galilee even to this place .
when evening came , he went out of the city .
she said to the king , it was a true report that i heard in my own land of your acts , and of your wisdom .
the multitude therefore that was with him when he called lazarus out of the tomb , and raised him from the dead , was testifying about it .
it grew great , even to the army of the sky ; and some of the army and of the stars it cast down to the ground , and trampled on them .
with great power , the apostles gave their testimony of the resurrection of the lord jesus . great grace was on them all .
according to the tenor of the law which they shall teach you , and according to the judgment which they shall tell you , you shall do ; you shall not turn aside from the sentence which they shall show you , to the right hand , nor to the left .
then you will understand righteousness and justice , equity and every good path .
the nations were angry , and your wrath came , as did the time for the dead to be judged , and to give your bondservants the prophets , their reward , as well as to the saints , and those who fear your name , to the small and the great ; and to destroy those who destroy the earth .
and ramoth with its suburbs , and anem with its suburbs ;
when he had come into the house , the blind men came to him . jesus said to them , do you believe that i am able to do this ? they told him , yes , lord .
but it happened that when sanballat heard that we were building the wall , he was angry , and took great indignation , and mocked the jews .
samson said to them , if you do after this manner , surely i will be avenged of you , and after that i will cease .
tax collectors also came to be baptized , and they said to him , teacher , what must we do ?
there assembled at jerusalem much people to keep the feast of unleavened bread in the second month , a very great assembly .
every creeping thing that creeps on the earth is an abomination . it shall not be eaten .
if he dedicates his field from the year of jubilee , according to your valuation it shall stand .
this is the offering of aaron and of his sons , which they shall offer to yahweh in the day when he is anointed : the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour for a meal offering perpetually , half of it in the morning , and half of it in the evening .
the high priest stood up , and said to him , have you no answer ? what is this that these testify against you ?
now when they heard this , they were cut to the heart , and said to peter and the rest of the apostles , brothers , what shall we do ?
woe to the wicked ! disaster is upon them ; for the deeds of his hands will be paid back to him .
one has committed abomination with his neighbor 's wife ; and another has lewdly defiled his daughter - in - law ; and another in you has humbled his sister , his father 's daughter .
oil for the light , spices for the anointing oil and for the sweet incense ,
moses charged the people the same day , saying ,
remember this , and show yourselves men ; bring it again to mind , you transgressors .
it was so , when midday was past , that they prophesied until the time of the offering of the evening offering ; but there was neither voice , nor any to answer , nor any who regarded .
the people murmured against moses , saying , what shall we drink ?
she said , no one , lord . jesus said , neither do i condemn you . go your way . from now on , sin no more .
it will happen afterward , that i will pour out my spirit on all flesh ; and your sons and your daughters will prophesy . your old men will dream dreams . your young men will see visions .
it was so , that as often as the king went into the house of yahweh , the guard bore them , and brought them back into the guard chamber .
let us fear therefore , lest perhaps a promise being left of entering into his rest , anyone of you should seem to have come short of it .
i will call for a sword against him to all my mountains , says the lord yahweh : every man 's sword shall be against his brother .
all the trees of the field shall know that i , yahweh , have brought down the high tree , have exalted the low tree , have dried up the green tree , and have made the dry tree to flourish ; i , yahweh , have spoken and have done it .
you have taken away all your wrath . you have turned from the fierceness of your anger .
when the chief baker saw that the interpretation was good , he said to joseph , i also was in my dream , and behold , three baskets of white bread were on my head .
therefore god also highly exalted him , and gave to him the name which is above every name ;
from the daughter of zion all her majesty is departed : her princes are become like harts that find no pasture , they are gone without strength before the pursuer .
grace to you and peace be multiplied in the knowledge of god and of jesus our lord ,
yahweh showed me four craftsmen .
he began to speak to them in parables . a man planted a vineyard , put a hedge around it , dug a pit for the winepress , built a tower , rented it out to a farmer , and went into another country .
the plans of the diligent surely lead to profit ; and everyone who is hasty surely rushes to poverty .
he answered him , unbelieving generation , how long shall i be with you ? how long shall i bear with you ? bring him to me .
but your little ones , that you said should be a prey , them will i bring in , and they shall know the land which you have rejected .
let these words sink into your ears , for the son of man will be delivered up into the hands of men .
when the almighty scattered kings in her , it snowed on zalmon .
he said to abram , know for sure that your seed will live as foreigners in a land that is not theirs , and will serve them . they will afflict them four hundred years .
whoever remains in him does n't sin . whoever sins has n't seen him , neither knows him .
therefore do n't be anxious for tomorrow , for tomorrow will be anxious for itself . each day 's own evil is sufficient .
now when i had returned , behold , on the bank of the river were very many trees on the one side and on the other .
asher did n't drive out the inhabitants of acco , nor the inhabitants of sidon , nor of ahlab , nor of achzib , nor of helbah , nor of aphik , nor of rehob ;
to cleanse the house he shall take two birds , and cedar wood , and scarlet , and hyssop .
you can catch a lizard with your hands , yet it is in kings ' palaces .
and the best seats in the synagogues , and the best places at feasts :
then david inquired of yahweh yet again . yahweh answered him , and said , arise , go down to keilah ; for i will deliver the philistines into your hand .
and thus the secrets of his heart are revealed . so he will fall down on his face and worship god , declaring that god is among you indeed .
and hukok with its suburbs , and rehob with its suburbs ;
he feeds on ashes ; a deceived heart has turned him aside ; and he ca n't deliver his soul , nor say , is there not a lie in my right hand ?
when he had said this , he showed them his hands and his feet .
he stayed yet another seven days , and sent forth the dove ; and she did n't return to him any more .
on the eighth day he sent the people away ; and they blessed the king , and went to their tents joyful and glad of heart for all the goodness that yahweh had shown to david his servant , and to israel his people .
hear another parable . there was a man who was a master of a household , who planted a vineyard , set a hedge about it , dug a winepress in it , built a tower , leased it out to farmers , and went into another country .
therefore i beg you to take some food , for this is for your safety ; for not a hair will perish from any of your heads .
even so ought husbands also to love their own wives as their own bodies . he who loves his own wife loves himself .
how weak is your heart , says the lord yahweh , seeing you do all these things , the work of an impudent prostitute ;
a man shall be satisfied with good by the fruit of his mouth . the work of a man 's hands shall be rewarded to him .
righteousness guards the way of integrity , but wickedness overthrows the sinner .
in the morning you shall say , would it were even ! and at even you shall say , would it were morning ! for the fear of your heart which you shall fear , and for the sight of your eyes which you shall see .
then they asked him , who is the man who said to you , take up your mat , and walk ' ?
for even in thessalonica you sent once and again to my need .
he who receives a prophet in the name of a prophet will receive a prophet 's reward : and he who receives a righteous man in the name of a righteous man will receive a righteous man 's reward .
then i will also walk contrary to you ; and i will strike you , even i , seven times for your sins .
his name shall be called in israel , the house of him who has his shoe untied .
if a man lies carnally with a woman who is a slave girl , pledged to be married to another man , and not ransomed , or given her freedom ; they shall be punished . they shall not be put to death , because she was not free .
in that day you will say , give thanks to yahweh ! call on his name . declare his doings among the peoples . proclaim that his name is exalted !
now the rest of the acts of jeroboam , and all that he did , and his might , how he warred , and how he recovered damascus , and hamath , which had belonged to judah , for israel , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of israel ?
he plots iniquity on his bed . he sets himself in a way that is not good ; he does n't abhor evil .
in that day i will raise up the tent of david who is fallen , and close up its breaches , and i will raise up its ruins , and i will build it as in the days of old ;
therefore you shall no more see false visions , nor practice divination . i will deliver my people out of your hand ; and you shall know that i am yahweh .
now absalom in his lifetime had taken and reared up for himself the pillar , which is in the king 's dale ; for he said , i have no son to keep my name in memory : and he called the pillar after his own name ; and it is called absalom 's monument , to this day .
the words of a gossip are like dainty morsels : they go down into a person 's innermost parts .
then the people of the land took jehoahaz the son of josiah , and made him king in his father 's place in jerusalem .
then will i pluck them up by the roots out of my land which i have given them ; and this house , which i have made holy for my name , will i cast out of my sight , and i will make it a proverb and a byword among all peoples .
for we did not follow cunningly devised fables , when we made known to you the power and coming of our lord jesus christ , but we were eyewitnesses of his majesty .
he said to him , son , you are always with me , and all that is mine is yours .
but god chose the foolish things of the world that he might put to shame those who are wise . god chose the weak things of the world , that he might put to shame the things that are strong ;
however , the son by the handmaid was born according to the flesh , but the son by the free woman was born through promise .
the crown of pride of the drunkards of ephraim will be trodden under foot .
now it fell on a day , that jonathan the son of saul said to the young man who bore his armor , come , and let us go over to the philistines ' garrison , that is on yonder side . but he did n't tell his father .
in the beginning god created the heavens and the earth .
they said to him , thus says hezekiah , this day is a day of trouble , and of rebuke , and of rejection ; for the children are come to the birth , and there is not strength to bring forth .
so moses wrote this song the same day , and taught it the children of israel .
going on from there , he saw two other brothers , james the son of zebedee , and john his brother , in the boat with zebedee their father , mending their nets . he called them .
how are the mighty fallen in the midst of the battle ! jonathan is slain on your high places .
the nazirite shall shave the head of his separation at the door of the tent of meeting , and shall take the hair of the head of his separation , and put it on the fire which is under the sacrifice of peace offerings .
in their sight shall you bear it on your shoulder , and carry it forth in the dark ; you shall cover your face , that you do n't see the land : for i have set you for a sign to the house of israel .
i love yahweh , because he listens to my voice , and my cries for mercy .
and they mourned , and wept , and fasted until even , for saul , and for jonathan his son , and for the people of yahweh , and for the house of israel ; because they were fallen by the sword .
he gave them into the hand of the nations . those who hated them ruled over them .
now the rest of the acts of manasseh , and all that he did , and his sin that he sinned , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of judah ?
adah gave birth to jabal , who was the father of those who dwell in tents and have livestock .
between the chambers was a breadth of twenty cubits round about the house on every side .
in that hour jesus said to the multitudes , have you come out as against a robber with swords and clubs to seize me ? i sat daily in the temple teaching , and you did n't arrest me .
huram continued , blessed be yahweh , the god of israel , that made heaven and earth , who has given to david the king a wise son , endowed with discretion and understanding , that should build a house for yahweh , and a house for his kingdom .
now the rest of the acts of josiah , and all that he did , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of judah ?
then came the word of yahweh to samuel , saying ,
let all things be done decently and in order .
the lords of the philistines came up to her , and said to her , entice him , and see in which his great strength lies , and by what means we may prevail against him , that we may bind him to afflict him : and we will each give you of us eleven hundred pieces of silver .
he followed her immediately , as an ox goes to the slaughter , as a fool stepping into a noose .
my soul shall boast in yahweh . the humble shall hear of it , and be glad .
then they said , what shall be the trespass offering which we shall return to him ? they said , five golden tumors , and five golden mice , according to the number of the lords of the philistines ; for one plague was on you all , and on your lords .
the same day did the king make the middle of the court holy that was before the house of yahweh ; for there he offered the burnt offering , and the meal offering , and the fat of the peace offerings , because the brazen altar that was before yahweh was too little to receive the burnt offering , and the meal offering , and the fat of the peace offerings .
arrogant speech is n't fitting for a fool , much less do lying lips fit a prince .
moreover he built cities in the hill country of judah , and in the forests he built castles and towers .
though he is fruitful among his brothers , an east wind will come , the breath of yahweh coming up from the wilderness ; and his spring will become dry , and his fountain will be dried up . he will plunder the storehouse of treasure .
as it is written , there is no one righteous . no , not one .
his malice may be concealed by deception , but his wickedness will be exposed in the assembly .
so they went up , and spied out the land from the wilderness of zin to rehob , to the entrance of hamath .
then let our faces be looked on before you , and the face of the youths who eat of the king 's dainties ; and as you see , deal with your servants .
yahweh is gracious , merciful , slow to anger , and of great loving kindness .
joseph arose from his sleep , and did as the angel of the lord commanded him , and took his wife to himself ;
all the days of his separation he shall eat nothing that is made of the grapevine , from the seeds even to the skins .
he made two golden rings for it under its molding crown , on its two ribs , on its two sides , for places for poles with which to carry it .
praise him , all his angels ! praise him , all his army !
was n't it told my lord what i did when jezebel killed the prophets of yahweh , how i hid one hundred men of yahweh 's prophets by fifty in a cave , and fed them with bread and water ?
in that same hour jesus rejoiced in the holy spirit , and said , i thank you , o father , lord of heaven and earth , that you have hidden these things from the wise and understanding , and revealed them to little children . yes , father , for so it was well - pleasing in your sight .
and the pattern of all that he had by the spirit , for the courts of the house of yahweh , and for all the surrounding rooms , for the treasuries of the house of god , and for the treasuries of the dedicated things ;
you shall roast and eat it in the place which yahweh your god shall choose : and you shall turn in the morning , and go to your tents .
they have seen falsehood and lying divination , who say , yahweh says ; but yahweh has not sent them : and they have made men to hope that the word would be confirmed .
yet i had planted you a noble vine , wholly a right seed : how then are you turned into the degenerate branches of a foreign vine to me ?
therefore judge nothing before the time , until the lord comes , who will both bring to light the hidden things of darkness , and reveal the counsels of the hearts . then each man will get his praise from god .
the heaved thigh and the waved breast they shall bring with the offerings made by fire of the fat , to wave it for a wave offering before yahweh : and it shall be yours , and your sons ' with you , as a portion forever ; as yahweh has commanded .
some also there were that said , we are mortgaging our fields , and our vineyards , and our houses : let us get grain , because of the dearth .
every man 's holy things shall be his : whatever any man gives the priest , it shall be his .
this also would be an iniquity to be punished by the judges ; for i should have denied the god who is above .
on the tenth day of this seventh month you shall have a holy convocation ; and you shall afflict your souls : you shall do no manner of work ;
a certain beggar , named lazarus , was laid at his gate , full of sores ,
jesus said to her , woman , what does that have to do with you and me ? my hour has not yet come .
for the children of israel shall abide many days without king , and without prince , and without sacrifice , and without sacred stone , and without ephod or idols .
the door for the middle side chambers was in the right side of the house : and they went up by winding stairs into the middle story , and out of the middle into the third .
now the chief priests and the pharisees had commanded that if anyone knew where he was , he should report it , that they might seize him .
when i wept and i fasted , that was to my reproach .
and said to them , you shall not bring in the captives here : for you purpose that which will bring on us a trespass against yahweh , to add to our sins and to our trespass ; for our trespass is great , and there is fierce wrath against israel .
if you shall say in your heart , these nations are more than i ; how can i dispossess them ?
they , having heard the king , went their way ; and behold , the star , which they saw in the east , went before them , until it came and stood over where the young child was .
praise yahweh ! sing to yahweh a new song , his praise in the assembly of the saints .
he said , if the syrians be too strong for me , then you shall help me ; but if the children of ammon be too strong for you , then i will help you .
though men be risen up to pursue you , and to seek your soul , yet the soul of my lord shall be bound in the bundle of life with yahweh your god ; and the souls of your enemies , them shall he sling out , as from the hollow of a sling .
for if i would desire to boast , i will not be foolish ; for i will speak the truth . but i refrain , so that no man may think more of me than that which he sees in me , or hears from me .
how much worse punishment , do you think , will he be judged worthy of , who has trodden under foot the son of god , and has counted the blood of the covenant with which he was sanctified an unholy thing , and has insulted the spirit of grace ?
all the oxen for the burnt offering twelve bulls , the rams twelve , the male lambs a year old twelve , and their meal offering ; and the male goats for a sin offering twelve ;
i know your works ( behold , i have set before you an open door , which no one can shut ) , that you have a little power , and kept my word , and did n't deny my name .
thus did moses : as yahweh commanded him , so did he .
they brought seven bulls , and seven rams , and seven lambs , and seven male goats , for a sin offering for the kingdom and for the sanctuary and for judah . he commanded the priests the sons of aaron to offer them on the altar of yahweh .
and it shall be with him , and he shall read therein all the days of his life ; that he may learn to fear yahweh his god , to keep all the words of this law and these statutes , to do them ;
but jesus said to him , leave the dead to bury their own dead , but you go and announce the kingdom of god .
they took the coat of many colors , and they brought it to their father , and said , we have found this . examine it , now , whether it is your son 's coat or not .
they scoff and speak with malice . in arrogance , they threaten oppression .
let those who seek after my soul be disappointed and brought to dishonor . let those who plot my ruin be turned back and confounded .
even now , behold , my witness is in heaven . he who vouches for me is on high .
i think it right , as long as i am in this tent , to stir you up by reminding you ;
for as the body apart from the spirit is dead , even so faith apart from works is dead .
then saul arose , and went down to the wilderness of ziph , having three thousand chosen men of israel with him , to seek david in the wilderness of ziph .
when she saw that she was steadfastly minded to go with her , she left off speaking to her .
for this ointment might have been sold for much , and given to the poor .
now , my god , let , i beg you , your eyes be open , and let your ears be attentive , to the prayer that is made in this place .
zedekiah was twenty - one years old when he began to reign ; and he reigned eleven years in jerusalem : and his mother 's name was hamutal the daughter of jeremiah of libnah .
the sun and moon stood still in the sky , at the light of your arrows as they went , at the shining of your glittering spear .
for you both had compassion on me in my chains , and joyfully accepted the plundering of your possessions , knowing that you have for yourselves a better possession and an enduring one in the heavens .
forty years old was i when moses the servant of yahweh sent me from kadesh barnea to spy out the land ; and i brought him word again as it was in my heart .
then our sons will be like well - nurtured plants , our daughters like pillars carved to adorn a palace .
he said to her , if they only bind me with new ropes with which no work has been done , then shall i become weak , and be as another man .
then he touched their eyes , saying , according to your faith be it done to you .
he took the people , and divided them into three companies , and laid wait in the field ; and he looked , and behold , the people came forth out of the city ; he rose up against them , and struck them .
so they went with the guard and made the tomb secure , sealing the stone .
but philip was found at azotus . passing through , he preached the good news to all the cities , until he came to caesarea .
for the far part of the tent westward you shall make six boards .
because it has been granted to you on behalf of christ , not only to believe in him , but also to suffer on his behalf ,
for when we were in the flesh , the sinful passions which were through the law , worked in our members to bring forth fruit to death .
this is the portion of a wicked man with god , the heritage of oppressors , which they receive from the almighty .
speak to the children of israel , and tell them , when you come into the land which i give you , then the land shall keep a sabbath to yahweh .
when the demon was cast out , the mute man spoke . the multitudes marveled , saying , nothing like this has ever been seen in israel !
he who rejects me , and does n't receive my sayings , has one who judges him . the word that i spoke , the same will judge him in the last day .
for then i will purify the lips of the peoples , that they may all call on the name of yahweh , to serve him shoulder to shoulder .
notwithstanding , no devoted thing , that a man shall devote to yahweh of all that he has , whether of man or animal , or of the field of his possession , shall be sold or redeemed : every devoted thing is most holy to yahweh .
therefore tell the house of israel , thus says the lord yahweh : i do n't do this for your sake , house of israel , but for my holy name , which you have profaned among the nations , where you went .
the rain came down , the floods came , and the winds blew , and beat on that house ; and it did n't fall , for it was founded on the rock .
and one loaf of bread , one cake of oiled bread , and one wafer out of the basket of unleavened bread that is before yahweh .
moses and eleazar the priest did as yahweh commanded moses .
therefore will i save my flock , and they shall no more be a prey ; and i will judge between sheep and sheep .
he shall kill the male lamb in the place where they kill the sin offering and the burnt offering , in the place of the sanctuary ; for as the sin offering is the priest 's , so is the trespass offering . it is most holy .
and the lamp of god had n't yet gone out , and samuel had laid down to sleep , in the temple of yahweh , where the ark of god was ;
the world ca n't hate you , but it hates me , because i testify about it , that its works are evil .
abram moved his tent , and came and lived by the oaks of mamre , which are in hebron , and built an altar there to yahweh .
joshua took makkedah on that day , and struck it with the edge of the sword , and the king of it : he utterly destroyed them and all the souls who were therein ; he left none remaining ; and he did to the king of makkedah as he had done to the king of jericho .
elkanah her husband said to her , hannah , why weep you ? and why do n't you eat ? and why is your heart grieved ? am i not better to you than ten sons ?
but if you will go , do valiantly , be strong for the battle : god will cast you down before the enemy ; for god has power to help , and to cast down .
let my lips utter praise , for you teach me your statutes .
their horses also are swifter than leopards , and are more fierce than the evening wolves . their horsemen press proudly on . yes , their horsemen come from afar . they fly as an eagle that hurries to devour .
therefore the anger of yahweh was kindled against this land , to bring on it all the curse that is written in this book ;
and tell them , thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel : behold , i will send and take nebuchadnezzar the king of babylon , my servant , and will set his throne on these stones that i have hidden ; and he shall spread his royal pavilion over them .
all the nations are like nothing before him . they are regarded by him as less than nothing , and vanity .
moses and aaron and the princes of the congregation numbered the sons of the kohathites by their families , and by their fathers ' houses ,
he was teaching in one of the synagogues on the sabbath day .
he gives great deliverance to his king , and shows loving kindness to his anointed , to david and to his seed , forevermore .
they watched him , and sent out spies , who pretended to be righteous , that they might trap him in something he said , so as to deliver him up to the power and authority of the governor .
the bones of joseph , which the children of israel brought up out of egypt , buried they in shechem , in the parcel of ground which jacob bought of the sons of hamor the father of shechem for a hundred pieces of money : and they became the inheritance of the children of joseph .
for you are a holy people to yahweh your god : yahweh your god has chosen you to be a people for his own possession , above all peoples who are on the face of the earth .
but god is the judge . he puts down one , and lifts up another .
after this , abraham buried sarah his wife in the cave of the field of machpelah before mamre ( that is , hebron ) , in the land of canaan .
do n't let riches entice you to wrath , neither let the great size of a bribe turn you aside .
they ate , and were filled . they took up seven baskets of broken pieces that were left over .
therefore i consider all of your precepts to be right . i hate every false way . pey
now brace yourself like a man . i will question you , and you will answer me .
my soul is weary of my life ; i will give free course to my complaint . i will speak in the bitterness of my soul .
in that day you will ask in my name ; and i do n't say to you , that i will pray to the father for you ,
then the congregation shall judge between the striker and the avenger of blood according to these ordinances ;
for now we live , if you stand fast in the lord .
it shall be square and folded double ; a span shall be its length of it , and a span its breadth .
but where shall wisdom be found ? where is the place of understanding ?
because of the chaldeans ; for they were afraid of them , because ishmael the son of nethaniah had killed gedaliah the son of ahikam , whom the king of babylon made governor over the land .
though i am righteous , my own mouth shall condemn me . though i am blameless , it shall prove me perverse .
for in your eating each one takes his own supper first . one is hungry , and another is drunken .
then he brought me back by the way of the outer gate of the sanctuary , which looks toward the east ; and it was shut .
do n't rejoice , o philistia , all of you , because the rod that struck you is broken ; for out of the serpent 's root an adder will emerge , and his fruit will be a fiery flying serpent .
he settled his gaze steadfastly on him , until he was ashamed : and the man of god wept .
their eyes were opened . jesus strictly charged them , saying , see that no one knows about this .
now i beg you , brothers , by our lord jesus christ , and by the love of the spirit , that you strive together with me in your prayers to god for me ,
you shall not be scared of them ; for yahweh your god is in the midst of you , a great and awesome god .
he is yahweh , our god . his judgments are in all the earth .
these uncovered her nakedness ; they took her sons and her daughters ; and her they killed with the sword : and she became a byword among women ; for they executed judgments on her .
how long shall i take counsel in my soul , having sorrow in my heart every day ? how long shall my enemy triumph over me ?
as it is taken off of the ox of the sacrifice of peace offerings . the priest shall burn them on the altar of burnt offering .
thus said yahweh : go down to the house of the king of judah , and speak there this word ,
you shall also make a basin of brass , and the base of it of brass , in which to wash . you shall put it between the tent of meeting and the altar , and you shall put water in it .
then i went on to the spring gate and to the king 's pool : but there was no place for the animal that was under me to pass .
david said , as yahweh lives , yahweh will strike him ; or his day shall come to die ; or he shall go down into battle and perish .
now the rest of the acts of rehoboam , and all that he did , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of judah ?
i will for this afflict the seed of david , but not forever .
nor filthiness , nor foolish talking , nor jesting , which are not appropriate ; but rather giving of thanks .
he who gives answer before he hears , that is folly and shame to him .
every garment , and every skin , whereon the semen is , shall be washed with water , and be unclean until the evening .
in the multitude of words there is no lack of disobedience , but he who restrains his lips does wisely .
he said to them , an enemy has done this . ' the servants asked him , do you want us to go and gather them up ? '
all the cities of the children of aaron , the priests , were thirteen cities with their suburbs .
he has made the earth by his power , he has established the world by his wisdom , and by his understanding has he stretched out the heavens :
do n't be afraid of the king of babylon , of whom you are afraid ; do n't be afraid of him , says yahweh : for i am with you to save you , and to deliver you from his hand .
you shall do no manner of work : it is a statute forever throughout your generations in all your dwellings .
they are of the world . therefore they speak of the world , and the world hears them .
i will cut off all the horns of the wicked , but the horns of the righteous shall be lifted up .
thus says yahweh of armies : i am jealous for zion with great jealousy , and i am jealous for her with great wrath .
and i will give you the treasures of darkness , and hidden riches of secret places , that you may know that it is i , yahweh , who call you by your name , even the god of israel .
the testimony is this , that god gave to us eternal life , and this life is in his son .
for this is even from israel ! the workman made it , and it is no god ; indeed , the calf of samaria shall be broken in pieces .
for there are many words that create vanity . what does that profit man ?
blessed be yahweh your god , who delighted in you , to set you on his throne , to be king for yahweh your god : because your god loved israel , to establish them forever , therefore made he you king over them , to do justice and righteousness .
why cry you for your hurt ? your pain is incurable : for the greatness of your iniquity , because your sins were increased , i have done these things to you .
is not this david , of whom they sang one to another in dances , saying , saul has slain his thousands , david his ten thousands ?
he looks at the earth , and it trembles . he touches the mountains , and they smoke .
now it happened in the seventh month , that ishmael the son of nethaniah , the son of elishama , of the seed royal and one of the chief officers of the king , and ten men with him , came to gedaliah the son of ahikam to mizpah ; and there they ate bread together in mizpah .
lift up your eyes round about , and see : they all gather themselves together , they come to you ; your sons shall come from far , and your daughters shall be carried in the arms .
the leper in whom the plague is shall wear torn clothes , and the hair of his head shall hang loose . he shall cover his upper lip , and shall cry , unclean ! unclean ! '
thus did moses , and aaron , and all the congregation of the children of israel , to the levites . according to all that yahweh commanded moses concerning the levites , so the children of israel did to them .
whose confidence shall break apart , whose trust is a spider 's web .
when he had destroyed seven nations in the land of canaan , he gave them their land for an inheritance , for about four hundred fifty years .
behold , this day your eyes have seen how that yahweh had delivered you today into my hand in the cave : and some bade me kill you ; but my eye spared you ; and i said , i will not put forth my hand against my lord ; for he is yahweh 's anointed .
and to have authority to heal sicknesses and to cast out demons :
also we made ordinances for us , to charge ourselves yearly with the third part of a shekel for the service of the house of our god ;
paul went down , and fell upon him , and embracing him said , do n't be troubled , for his life is in him .
i asked him the second time , what are these two olive branches , which are beside the two golden spouts , that pour the golden oil out of themselves ?
yes , he loads the thick cloud with moisture . he spreads abroad the cloud of his lightning .
when some of both the gentiles and the jews , with their rulers , made a violent attempt to mistreat and stone them ,
but if they will not pass over with you armed , they shall have possessions among you in the land of canaan .
therefore thus says yahweh concerning the prophets who prophesy in my name , and i did n't send them , yet they say , sword and famine shall not be in this land : by sword and famine shall those prophets be consumed .
he who loves purity of heart and speaks gracefully is the king 's friend .
he shall enter also into the glorious land , and many countries shall be overthrown ; but these shall be delivered out of his hand : edom , and moab , and the chief of the children of ammon .
but as for me , this secret is not revealed to me for any wisdom that i have more than any living , but to the intent that the interpretation may be made known to the king , and that you may know the thoughts of your heart .
so i bought a belt according to the word of yahweh , and put it on my waist .
moreover yahweh said to me in the days of josiah the king , have you seen that which backsliding israel has done ? she is gone up on every high mountain and under every green tree , and there has played the prostitute .
for god knows that in the day you eat it , your eyes will be opened , and you will be like god , knowing good and evil .
for whom he foreknew , he also predestined to be conformed to the image of his son , that he might be the firstborn among many brothers .
also thus said the king , blessed be yahweh , the god of israel , who has given one to sit on my throne this day , my eyes even seeing it .
furthermore you have sent for men who come from far , to whom a messenger was sent , and behold , they came ; for whom you did wash yourself , paint your eyes , and deck yourself with ornaments ,
tell them , as i live , says yahweh , surely as you have spoken in my ears , so will i do to you :
but now i am going to him who sent me , and none of you asks me , where are you going ? '
all the people answered together , and said , all that yahweh has spoken we will do . moses reported the words of the people to yahweh .
then the king of israel called all the elders of the land , and said , please notice how this man seeks mischief : for he sent to me for my wives , and for my children , and for my silver , and for my gold ; and i did n't deny him .
when the morning stars sang together , and all the sons of god shouted for joy ?
therefore their inhabitants had little power . they were dismayed and confounded . they were like the grass of the field , and like the green herb , like the grass on the housetops , and like a field before its crop has grown .
dominion and fear are with him ; he makes peace in his high places .
abijah joined battle with an army of valiant men of war , even four hundred thousand chosen men : and jeroboam set the battle in array against him with eight hundred thousand chosen men , who were mighty men of valor .
and you detest them . you shall not eat of their flesh , and you shall detest their carcasses .
so david gave to ornan for the place six hundred shekels of gold by weight .
remember your word to your servant , because you gave me hope .
saying , i will declare your name to my brothers . in the midst of the congregation i will sing your praise .
and the priest shall burn them on the altar for an offering made by fire to yahweh : it is a trespass offering .
you , son of man , prophesy to the mountains of israel , and say , you mountains of israel , hear the word of yahweh .
i struck you with blight and mildew many times in your gardens and your vineyards ; and your fig trees and your olive trees have the swarming locust devoured : yet you have n't returned to me , says yahweh .
then those who feared yahweh spoke one with another ; and yahweh listened , and heard , and a book of memory was written before him , for those who feared yahweh , and who honored his name .
come up to me , and help me , and let us strike gibeon ; for it has made peace with joshua and with the children of israel .
he put garrisons in edom ; and all the edomites became servants to david . yahweh gave victory to david wherever he went .
ten fat oxen , and twenty oxen out of the pastures , and one hundred sheep , besides harts , and gazelles , and roebucks , and fattened fowl .
but when he was forty years old , it came into his heart to visit his brothers , the children of israel .
and he said , yahweh , the god of israel , there is no god like you , in heaven above , or on earth beneath ; who keep covenant and loving kindness with your servants , who walk before you with all their heart ;
you shall not glean your vineyard , neither shall you gather the fallen grapes of your vineyard ; you shall leave them for the poor and for the foreigner . i am yahweh your god .
they shall keep your charge , and the charge of all the tent : only they shall not come near to the vessels of the sanctuary and to the altar , that they not die , neither they , nor you .
the house , that is , the temple before the oracle , was forty cubits long .
or do n't you know that all we who were baptized into christ jesus were baptized into his death ?
the king said , where is your master 's son ? ziba said to the king , behold , he abides at jerusalem ; for he said , today will the house of israel restore me the kingdom of my father .
the burning sand will become a pool , and the thirsty ground springs of water . grass with reeds and rushes will be in the habitation of jackals , where they lay .
greet one another with a holy kiss . the assemblies of christ greet you .
also maacah his mother he removed from being queen , because she had made an abominable image for an asherah ; and asa cut down her image , and burnt it at the brook kidron .
yahweh said to moses , do n't fear him : for i have delivered him into your hand , and all his people , and his land ; and you shall do to him as you did to sihon king of the amorites , who lived at heshbon .
jesus said to him , you have said it . nevertheless , i tell you , henceforth you will see the son of man sitting at the right hand of power , and coming on the clouds of the sky .
nadab the son of jeroboam began to reign over israel in the second year of asa king of judah ; and he reigned over israel two years .
but you do see trouble and grief ; you consider it to take it into your hand . you help the victim and the fatherless .
most assuredly i tell you , among those who are born of women there has not arisen anyone greater than john the baptizer ; yet he who is least in the kingdom of heaven is greater than he .
if the scourge kills suddenly , he will mock at the trial of the innocent .
you shall teach them your children , talking of them , when you sit in your house , and when you walk by the way , and when you lie down , and when you rise up .
let favor be shown to the wicked , yet he will not learn righteousness . in the land of uprightness he will deal wrongfully , and will not see yahweh 's majesty .
nabal answered david 's servants , and said , who is david ? and who is the son of jesse ? there are many servants who break away from their masters these days .
you were made alive when you were dead in transgressions and sins ,
the screen for the gate of the court was the work of the embroiderer , of blue , purple , scarlet , and fine twined linen . twenty cubits was the length , and the height in the breadth was five cubits , like to the hangings of the court .
moses said , the people , among whom i am , are six hundred thousand footmen ; and you have said , i will give them flesh , that they may eat a whole month .
it will be like when the harvester gathers the wheat , and his arm reaps the grain . yes , it will be like when one gleans grain in the valley of rephaim .
then the commanding officer came near , arrested him , commanded him to be bound with two chains , and inquired who he was and what he had done .
it happened , when ben hadad heard this message , as he was drinking , he and the kings , in the pavilions , that he said to his servants , set yourselves in array . they set themselves in array against the city .
so am i made to possess months of misery , wearisome nights are appointed to me .
with whom was he displeased forty years ? was n't it with those who sinned , whose bodies fell in the wilderness ?
it happened after these things , that god tested abraham , and said to him , abraham ! he said , here i am .
yahweh spoke to aaron , saying ,
there is a league between me and you , between my father and your father : behold , i have sent to you a present of silver and gold ; go , break your league with baasha king of israel , that he may depart from me .
the wicked are not so , but are like the chaff which the wind drives away .
for when a few years are come , i shall go the way from whence i shall not return .
therefore tell the children of israel , i am yahweh , and i will bring you out from under the burdens of the egyptians , and i will rid you out of their bondage , and i will redeem you with an outstretched arm , and with great judgments :
yahweh answered his people , behold , i will send you grain , new wine , and oil , and you will be satisfied with them ; and i will no more make you a reproach among the nations .
they are amazed . they answer no more . they do n't have a word to say .
for i did n't shrink from declaring to you the whole counsel of god .
on the other side of the jordan , of the reubenites , and the gadites , and of the half - tribe of manasseh , with all manner of instruments of war for the battle , one hundred twenty thousand .
you husbands , in like manner , live with your wives according to knowledge , giving honor to the woman , as to the weaker vessel , as being also joint heirs of the grace of life ; that your prayers may not be hindered .
and certain women who had been healed of evil spirits and infirmities : mary who was called magdalene , from whom seven demons had gone out ;
so that they shall take no wood out of the field , neither cut down any out of the forests ; for they shall make fires of the weapons ; and they shall plunder those who plundered them , and rob those who robbed them , says the lord yahweh .
and did n't inquire of yahweh : therefore he killed him , and turned the kingdom to david the son of jesse .
for this cause i also , having heard of the faith in the lord jesus which is among you , and the love which you have toward all the saints ,
by faith , he left egypt , not fearing the wrath of the king ; for he endured , as seeing him who is invisible .
but i am afraid that somehow , as the serpent deceived eve in his craftiness , so your minds might be corrupted from the simplicity that is in christ .
thus noah did . according to all that god commanded him , so he did .
he said to him the third time , simon , son of jonah , do you have affection for me ? peter was grieved because he asked him the third time , do you have affection for me ? he said to him , lord , you know everything . you know that i have affection for you . jesus said to him , feed my sheep .
behold , is n't it of yahweh of armies that the peoples labor for the fire , and the nations weary themselves for vanity ?
but if they say thus , come up to us ; then we will go up ; for yahweh has delivered them into our hand : and this shall be the sign to us .
and that all this assembly may know that yahweh does n't save with sword and spear : for the battle is yahweh 's , and he will give you into our hand .
suddenly there came from the sky a sound like the rushing of a mighty wind , and it filled all the house where they were sitting .
in the nine and thirtieth year of azariah king of judah began menahem the son of gadi to reign over israel , and reigned ten years in samaria .
you shall keep the charge of the sanctuary , and the charge of the altar ; that there be wrath no more on the children of israel .
these three were the sons of noah , and from these , the whole earth was populated .
not stealing , but showing all good fidelity ; that they may adorn the doctrine of god , our savior , in all things .
now she is in the streets , now in the squares , and lurking at every corner .
you shall chase your enemies , and they shall fall before you by the sword .
joshua defeated amalek and his people with the edge of the sword .
come now , you rich , weep and howl for your miseries that are coming on you .
then he said , i have sinned : yet honor me now , please , before the elders of my people , and before israel , and turn again with me , that i may worship yahweh your god .
as the gentiles heard this , they were glad , and glorified the word of god . as many as were appointed to eternal life believed .
all the people went over the jordan , and the king went over : and the king kissed barzillai , and blessed him ; and he returned to his own place .
but as for me , my prayer is to you , yahweh , in an acceptable time . god , in the abundance of your loving kindness , answer me in the truth of your salvation .
and he came even before the king 's gate : for none might enter within the king 's gate clothed with sackcloth .
jesus said to them , my food is to do the will of him who sent me , and to accomplish his work .
even as it is written , jacob i loved , but esau i hated .
behold , i give of the synagogue of satan , of those who say they are jews , and they are not , but lie . behold , i will make them to come and worship before your feet , and to know that i have loved you .
then the king held out to esther the golden scepter . so esther arose , and stood before the king .
joshua set up twelve stones in the midst of the jordan , in the place where the feet of the priests who bore the ark of the covenant stood : and they are there to this day .
god is faithful , through whom you were called into the fellowship of his son , jesus christ , our lord .
yahweh said to moses , write this for a memorial in a book , and rehearse it in the ears of joshua : that i will utterly blot out the memory of amalek from under the sky .
but he said , then bring meal . he cast it into the pot ; and he said , pour out for the people , that they may eat . there was no harm in the pot .
the merchants of these things , who were made rich by her , will stand far away for the fear of her torment , weeping and mourning ;
for in the multitude of dreams there are vanities , as well as in many words : but you must fear god .
when the wine ran out , jesus ' mother said to him , they have no wine .
we looked for peace , but no good came ; and for a time of healing , and behold , dismay !
but the fig tree said to them , should i leave my sweetness , and my good fruit , and go to wave back and forth over the trees ?
i declared my ways , and you answered me . teach me your statutes .
if one person sins unwittingly , then he shall offer a female goat a year old for a sin offering .
has not the same hezekiah taken away his high places and his altars , and commanded judah and jerusalem , saying , you shall worship before one altar , and on it shall you burn incense ?
for most assuredly , not to angels does he give help , but he gives help to the seed of abraham .
there were eight boards , and their sockets of silver , sixteen sockets ; under every board two sockets .
on the ninth day of the fourth month the famine was sore in the city , so that there was no bread for the people of the land .
but jesus knowing in himself that his disciples murmured at this , said to them , does this cause you to stumble ?
yahweh will do to them as he did to sihon and to og , the kings of the amorites , and to their land ; whom he destroyed .
rehoboam loved maacah the daughter of absalom above all his wives and his concubines : ( for he took eighteen wives , and sixty concubines , and became the father of twenty - eight sons and sixty daughters . )
declare you in judah , and publish in jerusalem ; and say , blow you the trumpet in the land : cry aloud and say , assemble yourselves , and let us go into the fortified cities .
there you shall serve gods , the work of men 's hands , wood and stone , which neither see , nor hear , nor eat , nor smell .
now the hand of yahweh had been on me in the evening , before he who was escaped came ; and he had opened my mouth , until he came to me in the morning ; and my mouth was opened , and i was no more mute .
david danced before yahweh with all his might ; and david was girded with a linen ephod .
make a joyful noise to yahweh , all the earth ! burst out and sing for joy , yes , sing praises !
the voice of one crying in the wilderness , make ready the way of the lord ! make his paths straight ! '
but i have told you these things , so that when the time comes , you may remember that i told you about them . i did n't tell you these things from the beginning , because i was with you .
i will visit on her the days of the baals , to which she burned incense , when she decked herself with her earrings and her jewels , and went after her lovers , and forgot me , says yahweh .
the philistines followed hard after saul and after his sons ; and the philistines killed jonathan , and abinadab , and malchishua , the sons of saul .
for the teraphim have spoken vanity , and the diviners have seen a lie ; and they have told false dreams . they comfort in vain . therefore they go their way like sheep . they are oppressed , because there is no shepherd .
then said david , o yahweh , the god of israel , your servant has surely heard that saul seeks to come to keilah , to destroy the city for my sake .
why have you made us to come up out of egypt , to bring us in to this evil place ? it is no place of seed , or of figs , or of vines , or of pomegranates ; neither is there any water to drink .
behold , how they reward us , to come to cast us out of your possession , which you have given us to inherit .
and they took him , and threw him into the pit . the pit was empty . there was no water in it .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
let us therefore , as many as are perfect , think this way . if in anything you think otherwise , god will also reveal that to you .
you shall say before yahweh your god , i have put away the holy things out of my house , and also have given them to the levite , and to the foreigner , to the fatherless , and to the widow , according to all your commandment which you have commanded me : i have not transgressed any of your commandments , neither have i forgotten them :
if he offers a lamb for his offering , then he shall offer it before yahweh ;
and the lampstands with their lamps , to burn according to the ordinance before the oracle , of pure gold ;
therefore will i do to the house which is called by my name , in which you trust , and to the place which i gave to you and to your fathers , as i did to shiloh .
now the serpent was more subtle than any animal of the field which yahweh god had made . he said to the woman , has god really said , you shall not eat of any tree of the garden ? '
now about that time , herod the king stretched out his hands to oppress some of the assembly .
if there arise a matter too hard for you in judgment , between blood and blood , between plea and plea , and between stroke and stroke , being matters of controversy within your gates ; then shall you arise , and go up to the place which yahweh your god shall choose ;
at the evening offering i arose up from my humiliation , even with my garment and my robe torn ; and i fell on my knees , and spread out my hands to yahweh my god ;
for i could wish that i myself were accursed from christ for my brothers ' sake , my relatives according to the flesh ,
he even tried to profane the temple , and we arrested him .
that joshua called for all israel , for their elders and for their heads , and for their judges and for their officers , and said to them , i am old and well stricken in years :
remember those who are in bonds , as bound with them ; and those who are ill - treated , since you are also in the body .
then whoever hears the sound of the trumpet , and does n't take warning , if the sword come , and take him away , his blood shall be on his own head .
the nations shall see your righteousness , and all kings your glory , and you shall be called by a new name , which the mouth of yahweh shall name .
in that day they will come to you from assyria and the cities of egypt , and from egypt even to the river , and from sea to sea , and mountain to mountain .
when he heard that jesus had come out of judea into galilee , he went to him , and begged him that he would come down and heal his son , for he was at the point of death .
the four angels were freed who had been prepared for that hour and day and month and year , so that they might kill one third of mankind .
there are also workmen with you in abundance , cutters and workers of stone and timber , and all kinds of men who are skillful in every kind of work :
and the border shall go down from shepham to riblah , on the east side of ain ; and the border shall go down , and shall reach to the side of the sea of chinnereth eastward ;
you turn things upside down ! should the potter be thought to be like clay ; that the thing made should say about him who made it , he did n't make me ; or the thing formed say of him who formed it , he has no understanding ?
but it was you , a man like me , my companion , and my familiar friend .
they struck all the cities round about gerar ; for the fear of yahweh came on them : and they despoiled all the cities ; for there was much spoil in them .
the name of the third river is hiddekel : this is the one which flows in front of assyria . the fourth river is the euphrates .
at meal time boaz said to her , come here , and eat of the bread , and dip your morsel in the vinegar . she sat beside the reapers , and they reached her parched grain , and she ate , and was sufficed , and left of it .
oh that the salvation of israel would come out of zion ! when yahweh restores the fortunes of his people , then jacob shall rejoice , and israel shall be glad .
a capital of brass was on it ; and the height of the one capital was five cubits , with network and pomegranates on the capital round about , all of brass : and the second pillar also had like these , and pomegranates .
i will strengthen the house of judah , and i will save the house of joseph , and i will bring them back ; for i have mercy on them ; and they will be as though i had not cast them off : for i am yahweh their god , and i will hear them .
but the righteous will live by faith . if he shrinks back , my soul has no pleasure in him .
there is gold and abundance of rubies ; but the lips of knowledge are a rare jewel .
if it bears fruit , fine ; but if not , after that , you can cut it down . '
and it shall be for aaron and his sons as their portion forever from the children of israel ; for it is a wave offering : and it shall be a wave offering from the children of israel of the sacrifices of their peace offerings , even their wave offering to yahweh .
if a man be found lying with a woman married to a husband , then they shall both of them die , the man who lay with the woman , and the woman : so shall you put away the evil from israel .
but jesus perceived their wickedness , and said , why do you test me , you hypocrites ?
then said jeremiah to zedekiah , thus says yahweh , the god of armies , the god of israel : if you will go forth to the king of babylon 's princes , then your soul shall live , and this city shall not be burned with fire ; and you shall live , and your house .
the soul of king david longed to go forth to absalom : for he was comforted concerning amnon , seeing he was dead .
through silvanus , our faithful brother , as i consider him , i have written to you briefly , exhorting , and testifying that this is the true grace of god in which you stand .
the earth was corrupt before god , and the earth was filled with violence .
take great stones in your hand , and hide them in mortar in the brick work , which is at the entry of pharaoh 's house in tahpanhes , in the sight of the men of judah ;
ahijah laid hold of the new garment that was on him , and tore it in twelve pieces .
the word of yahweh came again to me , saying ,
it happened , that when isaac was old , and his eyes were dim , so that he could not see , he called esau his elder son , and said to him , my son ? he said to him , here i am .
joshua said , roll great stones to the mouth of the cave , and set men by it to keep them :
delilah said to samson , tell me , please , in which your great strength lies , and with which you might be bound to afflict you .
behold , a certain lawyer stood up and tested him , saying , teacher , what shall i do to inherit eternal life ?
jonathan climbed up on his hands and on his feet , and his armor bearer after him : and they fell before jonathan ; and his armor bearer killed them after him .
let him turn away from evil , and do good . let him seek peace , and pursue it .
yet they tempted and rebelled against the most high god , and did n't keep his testimonies ;
the sons of the prophets said to elisha , see now , the place where we dwell before you is too strait for us .
it was so , when the days of their feasting had run their course , that job sent and sanctified them , and rose up early in the morning , and offered burnt offerings according to the number of them all . for job said , it may be that my sons have sinned , and renounced god in their hearts . thus did job continually .
and to love him with all the heart , and with all the understanding , with all the soul , and with all the strength , and to love his neighbor as himself , is more important than all whole burnt offerings and sacrifices .
because he considers , and turns away from all his transgressions that he has committed , he shall surely live , he shall not die .
open your doors , lebanon , that the fire may devour your cedars .
he shall sprinkle some of the blood on it with his finger seven times , and cleanse it , and make it holy from the uncleanness of the children of israel .
for john was not yet thrown into prison .
yes , you have borne the tent of your king and the shrine of your images , the star of your god , which you made for yourselves .
and saying , you who destroy the temple , and build it in three days , save yourself ! if you are the son of god , come down from the cross !
in whose hand is the life of every living thing , the breath of all mankind ?
the king sat on his seat , as at other times , even on the seat by the wall ; and jonathan stood up , and abner sat by saul 's side : but david 's place was empty .
some therefore cried one thing , and some another , for the assembly was in confusion . most of them did n't know why they had come together .
they said , has yahweh indeed spoken only with moses ? has n't he spoken also with us ? yahweh heard it .
and said , i beg you , yahweh , the god of heaven , the great and awesome god , who keeps covenant and loving kindness with those who love him and keep his commandments :
they made bells of pure gold , and put the bells between the pomegranates around the skirts of the robe , between the pomegranates ;
moses spoke to the children of israel ; and all their princes gave him rods , for each prince one , according to their fathers ' houses , even twelve rods : and the rod of aaron was among their rods .
fulfill your promise to your servant , that you may be feared .
he sent yet a third , and they also wounded him , and threw him out .
because they did n't obey the voice of yahweh their god , but transgressed his covenant , even all that moses the servant of yahweh commanded , and would not hear it , nor do it .
this house was finished on the third day of the month adar , which was in the sixth year of the reign of darius the king .
who satisfies your desire with good things , so that your youth is renewed like the eagle 's .
among the sons of the priests there were found who had married foreign women : namely , of the sons of jeshua , the son of jozadak , and his brothers , maaseiah , and eliezer , and jarib , and gedaliah .
their horses were seven hundred thirty - six ; their mules , two hundred forty - five ;
she put her hand to the tent peg , her right hand to the workmen 's hammer ; with the hammer she struck sisera , she struck through his head ; yes , she pierced and struck through his temples .
so i was left alone , and saw this great vision , and there remained no strength in me ; for my comeliness was turned in me into corruption , and i retained no strength .
and you shall love yahweh your god with all your heart , and with all your soul , and with all your might .
yahweh , god of armies , hear my prayer . listen , god of jacob . selah .
he commanded them , saying , this is what you shall tell my lord , esau : this is what your servant , jacob , says . i have lived as a foreigner with laban , and stayed until now .
but he said , on the contrary , blessed are those who hear the word of god , and keep it .
then the lust , when it has conceived , bears sin ; and the sin , when it is full grown , brings forth death .
it will be , that whoever will call on the name of the lord will be saved . '
at the end of the days which the king had appointed for bringing them in , the prince of the eunuchs brought them in before nebuchadnezzar .
the woman of tekoa said to the king , my lord , o king , the iniquity be on me , and on my father 's house ; and the king and his throne be guiltless .
your clothing did n't grow old on you , neither did your foot swell , these forty years .
as for the works of men , by the word of your lips i have kept myself from the ways of the violent .
behold , i will command , says yahweh , and cause them to return to this city ; and they shall fight against it , and take it , and burn it with fire : and i will make the cities of judah a desolation , without inhabitant .
he who is slow to anger has great understanding , but he who has a quick temper displays folly .
i made treasurers over the treasuries , shelemiah the priest , and zadok the scribe , and of the levites , pedaiah : and next to them was hanan the son of zaccur , the son of mattaniah ; for they were counted faithful , and their business was to distribute to their brothers .
then all the jews returned out of all places where they were driven , and came to the land of judah , to gedaliah , to mizpah , and gathered wine and summer fruits very much .
to a foreigner you may lend on interest ; but to your brother you shall not lend on interest , that yahweh your god may bless you in all that you put your hand to , in the land where you go in to possess it .
when the lord shall have washed away the filth of the daughters of zion , and shall have purged the blood of jerusalem from its midst , by the spirit of justice , and by the spirit of burning .
shecaniah the son of jehiel , one of the sons of elam , answered ezra , we have trespassed against our god , and have married foreign women of the peoples of the land : yet now there is hope for israel concerning this thing .
aaron returned to moses to the door of the tent of meeting : and the plague was stayed .
if we confess our sins , he is faithful and righteous to forgive us the sins , and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness .
the staff of his spear was like a weaver 's beam ; and his spear 's head weighed six hundred shekels of iron : and his shield bearer went before him .
and behold there was a man with a withered hand . they asked him , is it lawful to heal on the sabbath day ? that they might accuse him .
it happened the same night , that yahweh said to him , take your father 's bull , even the second bull seven years old , and throw down the altar of baal that your father has , and cut down the asherah that is by it ;
the pharisees came out and began to question him , seeking from him a sign from heaven , and testing him .
after him repaired the priests , the men of the plain .
for this cause i write these things while absent , that i may not deal sharply when present , according to the authority which the lord gave me for building up , and not for tearing down .
out of them shall proceed thanksgiving and the voice of those who make merry : and i will multiply them , and they shall not be few ; i will also glorify them , and they shall not be small .
those who fashion an engraved image are all of them vanity ; and the things that they delight in shall not profit ; and their own witnesses do n't see , nor know : that they may be disappointed .
thus says yahweh : behold , i will raise up against babylon , and against those who dwell in lebkamai , a destroying wind .
moses said , this is the thing which yahweh commanded that you should do : and the glory of yahweh shall appear to you .
behold , he speaks openly , and they say nothing to him . can it be that the rulers indeed know that this is truly the christ ?
in the fourth generation they will come here again , for the iniquity of the amorite is not yet full .
concerning this thing , i begged the lord three times that it might depart from me .
the name of the second , he called ephraim : for god has made me fruitful in the land of my affliction .
the people said to joshua , no ; but we will serve yahweh .
the rough male goat is the king of greece : and the great horn that is between his eyes is the first king .
when his armor bearer saw that saul was dead , he likewise fell on his sword , and died .
he said , brothers and fathers , listen . the god of glory appeared to our father abraham , when he was in mesopotamia , before he lived in haran ,
but woe to you who are rich ! for you have received your consolation .
gideon the son of joash died in a good old age , and was buried in the tomb of joash his father , in ophrah of the abiezrites .
stay with him a few days , until your brother 's fury turns away ;
the servants of achish said to him , is n't this david the king of the land ? did n't they sing one to another about him in dances , saying , saul has slain his thousands , david his ten thousands ? '
it happened , from the day that the ark abode in kiriath jearim , that the time was long ; for it was twenty years : and all the house of israel lamented after yahweh .
one of his disciples , andrew , simon peter 's brother , said to him ,
the woman answered , i have no husband . jesus said to her , you said well , i have no husband , '
but in the eighteenth year of king josiah was this passover kept to yahweh in jerusalem .
his eyes will be red with wine , his teeth white with milk .
will you harass a driven leaf ? will you pursue the dry stubble ?
good and upright is yahweh , therefore he will instruct sinners in the way .
now while paul waited for them at athens , his spirit was provoked within him as he saw the city full of idols .
his disciples said to him , if this is the case of the man with his wife , it is not expedient to marry .
their bulls breed without fail . their cows calve , and do n't miscarry .
one male goat for a sin offering ;
again , when i say to the wicked , you shall surely die ; if he turn from his sin , and do that which is lawful and right ;
these things have i spoken to you , so that you would n't be caused to stumble .
the pharisees therefore said to him , you testify about yourself . your testimony is not valid .
when hezekiah and the princes came and saw the heaps , they blessed yahweh , and his people israel .
then the priest shall command that they take out the stones in which is the plague , and cast them into an unclean place outside of the city :
as for the prince , he shall sit therein as prince to eat bread before yahweh ; he shall enter by the way of the porch of the gate , and shall go out by the way of the same .
god worked special miracles by the hands of paul ,
behold , a woman who had an issue of blood for twelve years came behind him , and touched the tassels of his garment ;
a workman has cast an image , and the goldsmith overlays it with gold , and casts silver chains for it .
yahweh said to moses , tell aaron , stretch out your rod , and strike the dust of the earth , that it may become lice throughout all the land of egypt . '
now the rest of the acts of menahem , and all that he did , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of israel ?
for death is come up into our windows , it is entered into our palaces ; to cut off the children from outside , and the young men from the streets .
he said , please show me your glory .
i made myself gardens and parks , and i planted trees in them of all kinds of fruit .
neither shall you covet your neighbor 's wife ; neither shall you desire your neighbor 's house , his field , or his male servant , or his female servant , his ox , or his donkey , or anything that is your neighbor 's .
we know that god has spoken to moses . but as for this man , we do n't know where he comes from .
their tents and their flocks shall they take ; they shall carry away for themselves their curtains , and all their vessels , and their camels ; and they shall cry to them , terror on every side !
he said to me , to build her a house in the land of shinar . when it is prepared , she will be set there in her own place .
judah sent the kid of the goats by the hand of his friend , the adullamite , to receive the pledge from the woman 's hand , but he did n't find her .
they came , both men and women , as many as were willing - hearted , and brought brooches , earrings , signet rings , and armlets , all jewels of gold ; even every man who offered an offering of gold to yahweh .
moses and eleazar the priest took the gold of them , even all worked jewels .
moses took the anointing oil , and anointed the tabernacle and all that was in it , and sanctified them .
so the king went over to gilgal , and chimham went over with him : and all the people of judah brought the king over , and also half the people of israel .
the man , the master of the house , went out to them , and said to them , no , my brothers , please do n't act so wickedly ; seeing that this man is come into my house , do n't do this folly .
because if our heart condemns us , god is greater than our heart , and knows all things .
we ca n't reach the almighty , he is exalted in power ; in justice and great righteousness he will not oppress .
joab the son of zeruiah was over the army ; and jehoshaphat the son of ahilud was recorder ;
but who can endure the day of his coming ? and who will stand when he appears ? for he is like a refiner 's fire , and like launderer 's soap ;
they answered that they did n't know where it was from .
the lord of that servant will come in a day when he does n't expect it , and in an hour when he does n't know it ,
who died for us , that , whether we wake or sleep , we should live together with him .
i made known to them your name , and will make it known ; that the love with which you loved me may be in them , and i in them .
and the peace of god , which surpasses all understanding , will guard your hearts and your thoughts in christ jesus .
the multitudes said , this is the prophet , jesus , from nazareth of galilee .
so then neither he who plants is anything , nor he who waters , but god who gives the increase .
for however many are the promises of god , in him is the yes . therefore also through him is the amen , to the glory of god through us .
he puts forth his hand on the flinty rock , and he overturns the mountains by the roots .
oh let the nations be glad and sing for joy , for you will judge the peoples with equity , and govern the nations on earth . selah .
outside of the inner gate were chambers for the singers in the inner court , which was at the side of the north gate ; and their prospect was toward the south ; one at the side of the east gate having the prospect toward the north .
you are my king , god . command victories for jacob !
i came this day to the spring , and said , yahweh , the god of my master abraham , if now you do prosper my way which i go
for yahweh your god walks in the midst of your camp , to deliver you , and to give up your enemies before you ; therefore shall your camp be holy , that he may not see an unclean thing in you , and turn away from you .
he went in also to rachel , and he loved also rachel more than leah , and served with him yet seven other years .
do to them as you did to midian , as to sisera , as to jabin , at the river kishon ;
then all the captains of the forces , and johanan the son of kareah , and jezaniah the son of hoshaiah , and all the people from the least even to the greatest , came near ,
if a man dies , shall he live again ? all the days of my warfare would i wait , until my release should come .
the magicians did in like manner with their enchantments , and brought up frogs on the land of egypt .
if you forsake yahweh , and serve foreign gods , then he will turn and do you evil , and consume you , after that he has done you good .
pour out your indignation on them . let the fierceness of your anger overtake them .
you divided the sea before them , so that they went through the midst of the sea on the dry land ; and their pursuers you did cast into the depths , as a stone into the mighty waters .
when paul wanted to enter in to the people , the disciples did n't allow him .
now the children of reuben and the children of gad had a very great multitude of livestock : and when they saw the land of jazer , and the land of gilead , that behold , the place was a place for livestock ;
of the teaching of baptisms , of laying on of hands , of resurrection of the dead , and of eternal judgment .
moreover yahweh your god will send the hornet among them , until those who are left , and hide themselves , perish from before you .
moses said to aaron , and to eleazar and to ithamar , his sons , do n't let the hair of your heads go loose , neither tear your clothes ; that you do n't die , and that he not be angry with all the congregation : but let your brothers , the whole house of israel , bewail the burning which yahweh has kindled .
he who says he is in the light and hates his brother , is in the darkness even until now .
lod , and ono , the valley of craftsmen .
when you are in oppression , and all these things are come on you , in the latter days you shall return to yahweh your god , and listen to his voice :
i , tertius , who write the letter , greet you in the lord .
you who tell good news to zion , go up on a high mountain . you who tell good news to jerusalem , lift up your voice with strength . lift it up . do n't be afraid . say to the cities of judah , behold , your god !
he who oppresses the poor shows contempt for his maker , but he who is kind to the needy honors him .
for wherever the carcass is , there will the vultures be gathered together .
kedemoth with its suburbs , and mephaath with its suburbs ; four cities .
the fortress shall cease from ephraim , and the kingdom from damascus , and the remnant of syria . they will be as the glory of the children of israel , says yahweh of armies .
for the land , where you go in to possess it , is n't as the land of egypt , from whence you came out , where you sowed your seed , and watered it with your foot , as a garden of herbs ;
therefore the wild animals of the desert with the wolves shall dwell there , and the ostriches shall dwell therein : and it shall be no more inhabited forever ; neither shall it be lived in from generation to generation .
but a whole month , until it come out at your nostrils , and it be loathsome to you ; because that you have rejected yahweh who is among you , and have wept before him , saying , why came we forth out of egypt ?
behold , he spreads his light around him . he covers the bottom of the sea .
for he was wiser than all men ; than ethan the ezrahite , and heman , and calcol , and darda , the sons of mahol : and his fame was in all the nations round about .
he said to the king of israel , put your hand on the bow ; and he put his hand on it . elisha laid his hands on the king 's hands .
now therefore call to me all the prophets of baal , all his worshippers , and all his priests ; let none be wanting : for i have a great sacrifice to do to baal ; whoever shall be wanting , he shall not live . but jehu did it in subtlety , to the intent that he might destroy the worshippers of baal .
but if he ca n't afford two turtledoves , or two young pigeons , then he shall bring his offering for that in which he has sinned , the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour for a sin offering . he shall put no oil on it , neither shall he put any frankincense on it , for it is a sin offering .
which is easier to say , your sins are forgiven you ; ' or to say , arise and walk ? '
but he said to them , you give them something to eat . they said , we have no more than five loaves and two fish , unless we should go and buy food for all these people .
but ahaz said , i will not ask , neither will i tempt yahweh .
then david the king went in , and sat before yahweh ; and he said , who am i , yahweh god , and what is my house , that you have brought me thus far ?
the man said , this is now bone of my bones , and flesh of my flesh . she will be called woman , because she was taken out of man .
on the three and twentieth day of the seventh month he sent the people away to their tents , joyful and glad of heart for the goodness that yahweh had shown to david , and to solomon , and to israel his people .
( all of which perish with use ) , according to the precepts and doctrines of men ?
therefore will i also deal in wrath ; my eye shall not spare , neither will i have pity ; and though they cry in my ears with a loud voice , yet will i not hear them .
by patience a ruler is persuaded . a soft tongue breaks the bone .
the caravans that travel beside them turn aside ; they go up into the waste , and perish .
not boasting beyond proper limits in other men 's labors , but having hope that as your faith grows , we will be abundantly enlarged by you in our sphere of influence ,
it happened , when the captains of the chariots saw jehoshaphat , that they said , it is the king of israel . therefore they turned about to fight against him : but jehoshaphat cried out , and yahweh helped him ; and god moved them to depart from him .
their redeemer is strong ; yahweh of armies is his name : he will thoroughly plead their cause , that he may give rest to the earth , and disquiet the inhabitants of babylon .
then said i in my heart , as it happens to the fool , so will it happen even to me ; and why was i then more wise ? then said i in my heart that this also is vanity .
when she had said this , she turned around and saw jesus standing , and did n't know that it was jesus .
be of good courage , and let us play the man for our people , and for the cities of our god : and yahweh do that which seems him good .
because yahweh was not able to bring this people into the land which he swore to them , therefore he has slain them in the wilderness .
to fulfill the word of yahweh by the mouth of jeremiah , until the land had enjoyed its sabbaths : for as long as it lay desolate it kept sabbath , to fulfill seventy years .
but all their works they do to be seen by men . they make their phylacteries broad , enlarge the fringes of their garments ,
so , because you are lukewarm , and neither hot nor cold , i will vomit you out of my mouth .
again he said , to what shall i compare the kingdom of god ?
they made two settings of gold , and two gold rings , and put the two rings on the two ends of the breastplate .
whatever shall touch its flesh shall be holy . when there is any of its blood sprinkled on a garment , you shall wash that on which it was sprinkled in a holy place .
for they all saw him , and were troubled . but he immediately spoke with them , and said to them , cheer up ! it is i ! do n't be afraid .
you daughters of israel , weep over saul , who clothed you in scarlet delicately , who put ornaments of gold on your clothing .
he said to her , what do you want ? she said to him , command that these , my two sons , may sit , one on your right hand , and one on your left hand , in your kingdom .
many of the multitude therefore , when they heard these words , said , this is truly the prophet .
david called one of the young men , and said , go near , and fall on him . he struck him , so that he died .
of asher he said , blessed be asher with children ; let him be acceptable to his brothers , let him dip his foot in oil .
behold , how great a love the father has bestowed on us , that we should be called children of god ! for this cause the world does n't know us , because it did n't know him .
her sister oholibah saw this , yet was she more corrupt in her doting than she , and in her prostitution which were more than the prostitution of her sister .
when aaron lights the lamps at evening , he shall burn it , a perpetual incense before yahweh throughout your generations .
the wicked , in the pride of his face , has no room in his thoughts for god .
he shall sprinkle on him who is to be cleansed from the leprosy seven times , and shall pronounce him clean , and shall let the living bird go into the open field .
this land we took in possession at that time : from aroer , which is by the valley of the arnon , and half the hill country of gilead , and the cities of it , gave i to the reubenites and to the gadites :
which , when it was filled , they drew up on the beach . they sat down , and gathered the good into containers , but the bad they threw away .
it will happen at that time , that i will search jerusalem with lamps , and i will punish the men who are settled on their dregs , who say in their heart , yahweh will not do good , neither will he do evil .
so the priests , and the levites , and the porters , and the singers , and some of the people , and the nethinim , and all israel , lived in their cities . when the seventh month was come , the children of israel were in their cities .
if his father have no brothers , then you shall give his inheritance to his kinsman who is next to him of his family , and he shall possess it : and it shall be to the children of israel a statute and ordinance , as yahweh commanded moses .
samuel said to him , yahweh has torn the kingdom of israel from you this day , and has given it to a neighbor of yours who is better than you .
each one went straight forward : where the spirit was to go , they went ; they did n't turn when they went .
he arose , and came to his father . but while he was still far off , his father saw him , and was moved with compassion , and ran , and fell on his neck , and kissed him .
but we are not of those who shrink back to destruction , but of those who have faith to the saving of the soul .
the sound of the wings of the cherubim was heard even to the outer court , as the voice of god almighty when he speaks .
joy comes to a man with the reply of his mouth . how good is a word at the right time !
that they may know that this is your hand ; that you , yahweh , have done it .
therefore shall you serve your enemies whom yahweh shall send against you , in hunger , and in thirst , and in nakedness , and in want of all things : and he shall put a yoke of iron on your neck , until he have destroyed you .
for the fruit of the spirit is in all goodness and righteousness and truth ,
they will by no means follow a stranger , but will flee from him ; for they do n't know the voice of strangers .
yahweh spoke to moses in the wilderness of sinai , in the first month of the second year after they had come out of the land of egypt , saying ,
if anyone sins , in that he hears the voice of adjuration , he being a witness , whether he has seen or known , if he does n't report it , then he shall bear his iniquity .
i say that your counsel and strength for the war are only vain words . now in whom do you trust , that you have rebelled against me ?
abner had communication with the elders of israel , saying , in times past you sought for david to be king over you :
the crucible is for silver , and the furnace for gold ; but man is refined by his praise .
but of the son he says , your throne , o god , is forever and ever ; the scepter of uprightness is the scepter of your kingdom .
you shall give to the priests the levites who are of the seed of zadok , who are near to me , to minister to me , says the lord yahweh , a young bull for a sin offering .
and to the angel of the assembly in sardis write : he who has the seven spirits of god , and the seven stars says these things : i know your works , that you have a reputation of being alive , but you are dead .
my son , do n't forget my teaching ; but let your heart keep my commandments :
their houses are safe from fear , neither is the rod of god upon them .
then we told them after this manner , what the names of the men were who were making this building .
here is the patience of the saints , those who keep the commandments of god , and the faith of jesus .
the ark of the testimony with its poles , the mercy seat ,
this ezra went up from babylon : and he was a ready scribe in the law of moses , which yahweh , the god of israel , had given ; and the king granted him all his request , according to the hand of yahweh his god on him .
he dealt well with abram for her sake . he had sheep , oxen , male donkeys , male servants , female servants , female donkeys , and camels .
the refining pot is for silver , and the furnace for gold , but yahweh tests the hearts .
but whoever keeps his word , god 's love has most assuredly been perfected in him . this is how we know that we are in him :
it happened on the next day after the new moon , which was the second day , that david 's place was empty : and saul said to jonathan his son , why does n't the son of jesse come to meat , neither yesterday , nor today ?
but to each one of us was the grace given according to the measure of the gift of christ .
those who worship the army of the sky on the housetops , those who worship and swear by yahweh and also swear by malcam ,
he who hates me , hates my father also .
i will fill its mountains with its slain : in your hills and in your valleys and in all your watercourses shall they fall who are slain with the sword .
behold , an angel of the lord stood by them , and the glory of the lord shone around them , and they were terrified .
if the plague comes again , and breaks out in the house , after he has taken out the stones , and after he has scraped the house , and after it was plastered ;
offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving of that which is leavened , and proclaim free will offerings and brag about them : for this pleases you , you children of israel , says the lord yahweh .
having been made perfect , he became to all of those who obey him the author of eternal salvation ,
commit your way to yahweh . trust also in him , and he will do this :
for an angel of the lord went down at certain times into the pool , and stirred up the water . whoever stepped in first after the stirring of the water was made whole of whatever disease he had .
jesus said to them , i am the bread of life . he who comes to me will not be hungry , and he who believes in me will never be thirsty .
he will say , where are their gods , the rock in which they took refuge ;
do n't you consider what this people has spoken , saying , the two families which yahweh did choose , he has cast them off ? thus do they despise my people , that they should be no more a nation before them .
even in the third year of asa king of judah did baasha kill him , and reigned in his place .
your renown went forth among the nations for your beauty ; for it was perfect , through my majesty which i had put on you , says the lord yahweh .
i said , you are gods , all of you are sons of the most high .
for thus says yahweh , the god of israel , the jar of meal shall not empty , neither shall the jar of oil fail , until the day that yahweh sends rain on the earth .
but paul said to them , they have beaten us publicly , without a trial , men who are romans , and have cast us into prison ! do they now release us secretly ? no , most assuredly , but let them come themselves and bring us out !
a voice of the wailing of the shepherds ! for their glory is destroyed : a voice of the roaring of young lions ! for the pride of the jordan is ruined .
we have the more sure word of prophecy ; whereunto you do well that you take heed , as to a lamp shining in a dark place , until the day dawns , and the morning star arises in your hearts :
and the priest shall offer the burnt offering and the meal offering on the altar . the priest shall make atonement for him , and he shall be clean .
all the instruments of the tent in all its service , and all the pins of it , and all the pins of the court , shall be of brass .
yes , the sparrow has found a home , and the swallow a nest for herself , where she may have her young , near your altars , yahweh of armies , my king , and my god .
this saying is faithful and worthy of all acceptance .
for yahweh of armies , who planted you , has pronounced evil against you , because of the evil of the house of israel and of the house of judah , which they have worked for themselves in provoking me to anger by offering incense to baal .
however much she glorified herself , and grew wanton , so much give her of torment and mourning . for she says in her heart , i sit a queen , and am no widow , and will in no way see mourning . '
sing , you heavens , for yahweh has done it ; shout , you lower parts of the earth ; break forth into singing , you mountains , o forest , and every tree therein : for yahweh has redeemed jacob , and will glorify himself in israel .
for you need endurance so that , having done the will of god , you may receive the promise .
in all the land were no women found so beautiful as the daughters of job . their father gave them an inheritance among their brothers .
the noise of the whip , the noise of the rattling of wheels , prancing horses , and bounding chariots ,
they led jesus away to the high priest . all the chief priests , the elders , and the scribes came together with him .
do n't you yet perceive , neither remember the five loaves for the five thousand , and how many baskets you took up ?
unless it is for this one thing that i cried standing among them , concerning the resurrection of the dead i am being judged before you today ! '
the man grew great , and grew more and more until he became very great .
the people said to joshua , yahweh our god will we serve , and to his voice will we listen .
he killed of edom in the valley of salt ten thousand , and took sela by war , and called the name of it joktheel , to this day .
he said to them , is it lawful on the sabbath day to do good , or to do harm ? to save a life , or to kill ? but they were silent .
the house which king solomon built for yahweh , the length of it was sixty cubits , and the breadth of it twenty cubits , and the height of it thirty cubits .
he is like a man building a house , who dug and went deep , and laid a foundation on the rock . when a flood arose , the stream broke against that house , and could not shake it , because it was founded on the rock .
but if you will not listen to me to make the sabbath day holy , and not to bear a burden and enter in at the gates of jerusalem on the sabbath day ; then will i kindle a fire in the gates of it , and it shall devour the palaces of jerusalem , and it shall not be quenched .
at that time , jesus went on the sabbath day through the grain fields . his disciples were hungry and began to pluck heads of grain and to eat .
having condemnation , because they have rejected their first pledge .
and i thank him who enabled me , christ jesus our lord , because he counted me faithful , appointing me to service ;
for we must needs die , and are as water split on the ground , which ca n't be gathered up again ; neither does god take away life , but devises means , that he who is banished not be an outcast from him .
when you rebuke and correct man for iniquity , you consume his wealth like a moth . surely every man is but a breath . selah .
with the merciful you will show yourself merciful . with the perfect man , you will show yourself perfect .
let the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be acceptable in your sight , yahweh , my rock , and my redeemer .
for who is god , except yahweh ? who is a rock , besides our god ,
saul saw and knew that yahweh was with david ; and michal , saul 's daughter , loved him .
he made the ephod of gold , blue , purple , scarlet , and fine twined linen .
but yahweh , who brought you up out of the land of egypt with great power and with an outstretched arm , him shall you fear , and to him shall you bow yourselves , and to him shall you sacrifice :
this was a small thing in your eyes , god ; but you have spoken of your servant 's house for a great while to come , and have regarded me according to the estate of a man of high degree , yahweh god .
why are you in despair , my soul ? why are you disturbed within me ? hope in god ! for i shall still praise him , the saving help of my countenance , and my god .
thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel : go , and tell the men of judah and the inhabitants of jerusalem , will you not receive instruction to listen to my words ? says yahweh .
the way of the wicked is an abomination to yahweh , but he loves him who follows after righteousness .
there was no day like that before it or after it , that yahweh listened to the voice of a man : for yahweh fought for israel .
when i tell the wicked , you shall surely die ; and you give him no warning , nor speak to warn the wicked from his wicked way , to save his life ; the same wicked man shall die in his iniquity ; but his blood will i require at your hand .
he entered again into the synagogue , and there was a man there who had his hand withered .
there is a river , the streams of which make the city of god glad , the holy place of the tents of the most high .
they have all turned aside . they have together become unprofitable . there is no one who does good , no , not , so much as one .
it is better to dwell in the corner of the housetop , than to share a house with a contentious woman .
for if we had n't delayed , surely we would have returned a second time by now .
it shall be that , when they enter in at the gates of the inner court , they shall be clothed with linen garments ; and no wool shall come on them , while they minister in the gates of the inner court , and within .
it happened in the morning watch , that yahweh looked out on the egyptian army through the pillar of fire and of cloud , and confused the egyptian army .
yahweh delivered to me the two tables of stone written with the finger of god ; and on them was written according to all the words , which yahweh spoke with you on the mountain out of the midst of the fire in the day of the assembly .
in his humiliation , his judgment was taken away . who will declare his generation ? for his life is taken from the earth .
now let a little water be fetched , wash your feet , and rest yourselves under the tree .
you blind guides , who strain out a gnat , and swallow a camel !
let pharaoh do this , and let him appoint overseers over the land , and take up the fifth part of the land of egypt 's produce in the seven plenteous years .
aaron shall be gathered to his people ; for he shall not enter into the land which i have given to the children of israel , because you rebelled against my word at the waters of meribah .
in the plain of the jordan did the king cast them , in the clay ground between succoth and zeredah .
for i will restore health to you , and i will heal you of your wounds , says yahweh ; because they have called you an outcast , saying , it is zion , whom no man seeks after .
i am the vine . you are the branches . he who remains in me , and i in him , the same bears much fruit , for apart from me you can do nothing .
they stirred up the people , the elders , and the scribes , and came against him and seized him , and brought him in to the council ,
these four were born to the giant in gath ; and they fell by the hand of david , and by the hand of his servants .
his parents went every year to jerusalem at the feast of the passover .
you uncovered your bow . you called for your sworn arrows . selah . you split the earth with rivers .
you shall walk in all the way which yahweh your god has commanded you , that you may live , and that it may be well with you , and that you may prolong your days in the land which you shall possess .
but when this , your son , came , who has devoured your living with prostitutes , you killed the fattened calf for him . '
they were astonished beyond measure , saying , he has done all things well . he makes even the deaf hear , and the mute speak !
jacob lifted up his eyes , and looked , and , behold , esau was coming , and with him four hundred men . he divided the children between leah , rachel , and the two handmaids .
i will observe your statutes . do n't utterly forsake me . beit
all those who were numbered of the levites , whom moses and aaron and the princes of israel numbered , by their families , and by their fathers ' houses ,
for he has strengthened the bars of your gates . he has blessed your children within you .
and led him to annas first , for he was father - in - law to caiaphas , who was high priest that year .
one of his servants answered , please let some take five of the horses that remain , which are left in the city ( behold , they are as all the multitude of israel who are left in it ; behold , they are as all the multitude of israel who are consumed ) ; and let us send and see .
his power shall be mighty , but not by his own power ; and he shall destroy wonderfully , and shall prosper and do his pleasure ; and he shall destroy the mighty ones and the holy people .
the name of the other was eliezer , for he said , my father 's god was my help and delivered me from pharaoh 's sword .
when its boughs are withered , they will be broken off . the women will come and set them on fire , for they are a people of no understanding . therefore he who made them will not have compassion on them , and he who formed them will show them no favor .
but if the bright spot stays in its place , and has n't spread , it is the scar from the boil ; and the priest shall pronounce him clean .
whatever yahweh pleased , that he has done , in heaven and in earth , in the seas and in all deeps ;
and i will shake all nations . the precious things of all nations will come , and i will fill this house with glory , says yahweh of armies .
i will be his father , and he shall be my son : and i will not take my loving kindness away from him , as i took it from him that was before you ;
seeing a fig tree by the road , he came to it , and found nothing on it but leaves . he said to it , let there be no fruit from you forever ! immediately the fig tree withered away .
he called the multitude to himself with his disciples , and said to them , whoever wants to come after me , let him deny himself , and take up his cross , and follow me .
i will make jerusalem heaps , a dwelling place of jackals ; and i will make the cities of judah a desolation , without inhabitant .
i am not worthy of the least of all the loving kindnesses , and of all the truth , which you have shown to your servant ; for with just my staff i passed over this jordan ; and now i have become two companies .
joshua rose up early in the morning ; and they removed from shittim , and came to the jordan , he and all the children of israel ; and they lodged there before they passed over .
samson said to them , this time shall i be blameless in regard of the philistines , when i do them a mischief .
but in mount zion , there will be those who escape , and it will be holy . the house of jacob will possess their possessions .
it happened at that time , when eli was laid down in his place ( now his eyes had begun to grow dim , so that he could not see ) ,
for this cause it is of faith , that it may be according to grace , to the end that the promise may be sure to all the seed , not to that only which is of the law , but to that also which is of the faith of abraham , who is the father of us all .
it came to pass in the seven and twentieth year , in the first month , in the first day of the month , the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
he made ready his chariot , and took his army with him ;
he spoke to the man clothed in linen , and said , go in between the whirling wheels , even under the cherub , and fill both your hands with coals of fire from between the cherubim , and scatter them over the city . he went in as i watched .
you shall betroth a wife , and another man shall lie with her : you shall build a house , and you shall not dwell therein : you shall plant a vineyard , and shall not use the fruit of it .
and saying , where is the promise of his coming ? for , from the day that the fathers fell asleep , all things continue as they were from the beginning of the creation .
these , therefore , came to philip , who was from bethsaida of galilee , and asked him , saying , sir , we want to see jesus .
for i tell you that to everyone who has , will more be given ; but from him who does n't have , even that which he has will be taken away from him .
he struck them hip and thigh with a great slaughter : and he went down and lived in the cleft of the rock of etam .
to another faith , by the same spirit ; and to another gifts of healings , by the same spirit ;
be prepared , yes , prepare yourself , you , and all your companies who are assembled to you , and be a guard to them .
yahweh preserves all those who love him , but all the wicked he will destroy .
nor the seven loaves for the four thousand , and how many baskets you took up ?
by the rivers of babylon , there we sat down . yes , we wept , when we remembered zion .
and the levite , because he has no portion nor inheritance with you , and the foreigner living among you , and the fatherless , and the widow , who are within your gates , shall come , and shall eat and be satisfied ; that yahweh your god may bless you in all the work of your hand which you do .
they were distressed because they were confident ; they came there , and were confounded .
so he brought down the people to the water : and yahweh said to gideon , everyone who laps of the water with his tongue , as a dog laps , him shall you set by himself ; likewise everyone who bows down on his knees to drink .
every vow , and every binding oath to afflict the soul , her husband may establish it , or her husband may make it void .
when he had looked around at them with anger , being grieved at the hardening of their hearts , he said to the man , stretch out your hand . he stretched it out , and his hand was restored as healthy as the other .
yahweh spoke to moses that same day , saying ,
they are foam on the surface of the waters . their portion is cursed in the earth : they do n't turn into the way of the vineyards .
they die in youth . their life perishes among the unclean .
for israel has forgotten his maker and built palaces ; and judah has multiplied fortified cities ; but i will send a fire on his cities , and it will devour its fortresses .
so then the lord jesus , after he had spoken to them , was received up into heaven , and sat down at the right hand of god .
you afflicted , tossed with tempest , and not comforted , behold , i will set your stones in beautiful colors , and lay your foundations with sapphires .
when you cry , let those who you have gathered deliver you ; but the wind shall take them , a breath shall carry them all away : but he who takes refuge in me shall possess the land , and shall inherit my holy mountain .
therefore i will judge you , house of israel , everyone according to his ways , says the lord yahweh . return you , and turn yourselves from all your transgressions ; so iniquity shall not be your ruin .
all who heard him were amazed at his understanding and his answers .
in the plain of the jordan did the king cast them , in the clay ground between succoth and zarethan .
he measured the length of it , twenty cubits , and the breadth , twenty cubits , before the temple : and he said to me , this is the most holy place .
saul was very angry , and this saying displeased him ; and he said , they have ascribed to david ten thousands , and to me they have ascribed but thousands : and what can he have more but the kingdom ?
you shall fear yahweh your god ; and him shall you serve , and shall swear by his name .
he cried with a mighty voice , saying , fallen , fallen is babylon the great , and she has become a habitation of demons , a prison of every unclean spirit , and a prison of every unclean and hateful bird !
without faith it is impossible to be well pleasing to him , for he who comes to god must believe that he exists , and that he is a rewarder of those who seek him .
yet for all that , when they are in the land of their enemies , i will not reject them , neither will i abhor them , to destroy them utterly , and to break my covenant with them ; for i am yahweh their god ;
but watch yourselves , for they will deliver you up to councils . you will be beaten in synagogues . you will stand before rulers and kings for my sake , for a testimony to them .
surely then shall you lift up your face without spot ; yes , you shall be steadfast , and shall not fear :
as he sat on the mount of olives opposite the temple , peter , james , john , and andrew asked him privately ,
egypt rises up like the nile , and his waters toss themselves like the rivers : and he says , i will rise up , i will cover the earth ; i will destroy cities and the inhabitants of it .
then pharaoh said to him , but what have you lacked with me , that behold , you seek to go to your own country ? he answered , nothing : however only let me depart .
he said to me , daniel , you man greatly beloved , understand the words that i speak to you , and stand upright ; for to you am i now sent . when he had spoken this word to me , i stood trembling .
then joram passed over to zair , and all his chariots with him : and he rose up by night , and struck the edomites who surrounded him , and the captains of the chariots ; and the people fled to their tents .
the elder and the honorable man is the head , and the prophet who teaches lies is the tail .
give diligence to present yourself approved by god , a workman who does n't need to be ashamed , properly handling the word of truth .
holding up the word of life ; that i may have something to boast in the day of christ , that i did n't run in vain nor labor in vain .
that the cities which huram had given to solomon , solomon built them , and caused the children of israel to dwell there .
give thanks to yahweh with the lyre . sing praises to him with the harp of ten strings .
gathering together all the chief priests and scribes of the people , he asked them where the christ would be born .
awake , sword , against my shepherd , and against the man who is close to me , says yahweh of armies . strike the shepherd , and the sheep will be scattered ; and i will turn my hand against the little ones .
when all israel saw that the king did n't listen to them , the people answered the king , saying , what portion have we in david ? neither have we inheritance in the son of jesse : to your tents , israel : now see to your own house , david . so israel departed to their tents .
now therefore take twelve men out of the tribes of israel , for every tribe a man .
they said to joshua , we are your servants . joshua said to them , who are you ? and from whence come you ?
remember now , yahweh , i beg you , how i have walked before you in truth and with a perfect heart , and have done that which is good in your sight . hezekiah wept sore .
for as through the one man 's disobedience many were made sinners , even so through the obedience of the one will many be made righteous .
and you shall give the money , with which the remainder of them is redeemed , to aaron and to his sons .
a devout man , and one who feared god with all his house , who gave gifts for the needy generously to the people , and always prayed to god .
he had a son , whose name was saul , an impressive young man ; and there was not among the children of israel a better person than he . from his shoulders and upward he was higher than any of the people .
samuel said to saul , why have you disquieted me , to bring me up ? saul answered , i am sore distressed ; for the philistines make war against me , and god is departed from me , and answers me no more , neither by prophets , nor by dreams : therefore i have called you , that you may make known to me what i shall do .
but jesus said to him , follow me , and leave the dead to bury their own dead .
now the word of yahweh came to jonah the son of amittai , saying ,
then will i make this house like shiloh , and will make this city a curse to all the nations of the earth .
my soul still remembers them , and is bowed down within me .
but david had brought the ark of god up from kiriath jearim to the place that david had prepared for it ; for he had pitched a tent for it at jerusalem .
to shine on those who sit in darkness and the shadow of death ; to guide our feet into the way of peace .
for i lift up my hand to heaven , and say , as i live forever ,
even a fool , when he keeps silent , is counted wise . when he shuts his lips , he is thought to be discerning .
also solomon sits on the throne of the kingdom .
the field , and the cave that is in it , were deeded to abraham for a possession of a burying place by the children of heth .
but when his heart was lifted up , and his spirit was hardened so that he dealt proudly , he was deposed from his kingly throne , and they took his glory from him :
jacob took to himself rods of fresh poplar , almond , plane tree , peeled white streaks in them , and made the white appear which was in the rods .
for such as are blessed by him shall inherit the land . those who are cursed by him shall be cut off .
there they were in great fear , for god is in the generation of the righteous .
he gave over their livestock also to the hail , and their flocks to hot thunderbolts .
it happened , in process of time , at the end of two years , that his bowels fell out by reason of his sickness , and he died of sore diseases . his people made no burning for him , like the burning of his fathers .
so then , my beloved , even as you have always obeyed , not only in my presence , but now much more in my absence , work out your own salvation with fear and trembling .
for on the first day of the first month began he to go up from babylon ; and on the first day of the fifth month came he to jerusalem , according to the good hand of his god on him .
go , and gather the elders of israel together , and tell them , yahweh , the god of your fathers , the god of abraham , of isaac , and of jacob , has appeared to me , saying , i have surely visited you , and seen that which is done to you in egypt ;
but he who hates his brother is in the darkness , and walks in the darkness , and does n't know where he is going , because the darkness has blinded his eyes .
the appointed charge of the sons of merari shall be the tabernacle 's boards , its bars , its pillars , its sockets , all its instruments , all its service ,
therefore neither the priests of dagon , nor any who come into dagon 's house , tread on the threshold of dagon in ashdod , to this day .
i am afraid for you , that i might have wasted my labor for you .
even the god who executes vengeance for me , who brings down peoples under me ,
and he said , if you will diligently listen to the voice of yahweh your god , and will do that which is right in his eyes , and will pay attention to his commandments , and keep all his statutes , i will put none of the diseases on you , which i have put on the egyptians ; for i am yahweh who heals you .
he made the altar of burnt offering of acacia wood . it was square . its length was five cubits , its breadth was five cubits , and its height was three cubits .
for thus says yahweh : like as i have brought all this great evil on this people , so will i bring on them all the good that i have promised them .
but i must die in this land , i must not go over the jordan ; but you shall go over , and possess that good land .
pharaoh said , i will let you go , that you may sacrifice to yahweh your god in the wilderness , only you shall not go very far away . pray for me .
these are the statutes and the ordinances which you shall observe to do in the land which yahweh , the god of your fathers , has given you to possess it , all the days that you live on the earth .
and their king will go into captivity , he and his princes together , says yahweh .
then job answered ,
the wicked shall be turned back to sheol , even all the nations that forget god .
for yahweh your god is he who goes with you , to fight for you against your enemies , to save you .
nevertheless you shall not build the house ; but your son who shall come forth out of your body , he shall build the house for my name .
there went forth a wind from yahweh , and brought quails from the sea , and let them fall by the camp , about a day 's journey on this side , and a day 's journey on the other side , round about the camp , and about two cubits above the surface of the earth .
hiram king of tyre sent messengers to david , and cedar trees , and masons , and carpenters , to build him a house .
yahweh is my light and my salvation . whom shall i fear ? yahweh is the strength of my life . of whom shall i be afraid ?
you shall not eat it ; that it may go well with you , and with your children after you , when you shall do that which is right in the eyes of yahweh .
beloved , do n't believe every spirit , but test the spirits , whether they are of god , because many false prophets have gone out into the world .
the cloud removed from over the tent ; and behold , miriam was leprous , as white as snow : and aaron looked at miriam , and behold , she was leprous .
wail , you shepherds , and cry ; and wallow in ashes , you principal of the flock ; for the days of your slaughter and of your dispersions are fully come , and you shall fall like a goodly vessel .
now i mean this , that each one of you says , i follow paul , i follow apollos , i follow cephas , and , i follow christ .
for thus says yahweh who created the heavens , the god who formed the earth and made it , who established it and did n't create it a waste , who formed it to be inhabited : i am yahweh ; and there is no one else .
if they be ashamed of all that they have done , make known to them the form of the house , and the fashion of it , and the exits of it , and the entrances of it , and all the forms of it , and all the ordinances of it , and all the forms of it , and all the laws of it ; and write it in their sight ; that they may keep the whole form of it , and all the ordinances of it , and do them .
they took every man his censer , and put fire in them , and laid incense thereon , and stood at the door of the tent of meeting with moses and aaron .
for they refreshed my spirit and yours . therefore acknowledge those who are like that .
woe to you ! for you build the tombs of the prophets , and your fathers killed them .
therefore , i tell you , do n't be anxious for your life : what you will eat , or what you will drink ; nor yet for your body , what you will wear . is n't life more than food , and the body more than clothing ?
what one nation in the earth is like your people israel , whom god went to redeem to himself for a people , to make you a name by great and awesome things , in driving out nations from before your people , whom you redeem out of egypt ?
david said to solomon his son , be strong and of good courage , and do it : do n't be afraid , nor be dismayed ; for yahweh god , even my god , is with you ; he will not fail you , nor forsake you , until all the work for the service of the house of yahweh is finished .
there was much murmuring among the multitudes concerning him . some said , he is a good man . others said , not so , but he leads the multitude astray .
it grieves me that i have set up saul to be king ; for he is turned back from following me , and has not performed my commandments . samuel was angry ; and he cried to yahweh all night .
the children of benjamin did not drive out the jebusites who inhabited jerusalem ; but the jebusites dwell with the children of benjamin in jerusalem to this day .
others , testing him , sought from him a sign from heaven .
she lay at his feet until the morning . she rose up before one could discern another . for he said , let it not be known that the woman came to the threshing floor .
now we know that you know all things , and do n't need for anyone to question you . by this we believe that you came forth from god .
he said to them , go and tell that fox , behold , i cast out demons and perform cures today and tomorrow , and the third day i complete my mission .
you came down also on mount sinai , and spoke with them from heaven , and gave them right ordinances and true laws , good statutes and commandments ,
thus shall you say to the prophet , what has yahweh answered you ? and , what has yahweh spoken ?
then the king of israel called an officer , and said , get quickly micaiah the son of imla .
that they may know from the rising of the sun , and from the west , that there is none besides me : i am yahweh , and there is no one else .
all your enemies have opened their mouth wide against you ; they hiss and gnash the teeth ; they say , we have swallowed her up ; certainly this is the day that we looked for ; we have found , we have seen it .
but all these things are the beginning of birth pains .
he brought aaron 's sons ; and moses put some of the blood on the tip of their right ear , and on the thumb of their right hand , and on the great toe of their right foot ; and moses sprinkled the blood on the altar round about .
those who were numbered of them , according to the number of all the males , from a month old and upward , were six thousand two hundred .
god 's temple that is in heaven was opened , and the ark of the lord 's covenant was seen in his temple . lightnings , sounds , thunders , an earthquake , and great hail followed .
suddenly looking around , they saw no one with them any more , except jesus only .
for the head of syria is damascus , and the head of damascus is rezin ; and within sixty - five years ephraim shall be broken in pieces , so that it shall not be a people ;
the priest shall examine him on the seventh day . if it has spread in the skin , then the priest shall pronounce him unclean . it is the plague of leprosy .
in a controversy they shall stand to judge ; according to my ordinances shall they judge it : and they shall keep my laws and my statutes in all my appointed feasts ; and they shall make my sabbaths holy .
and he went down with them , and came to nazareth . he was subject to them , and his mother kept all these sayings in her heart .
for we will not inherit with them on the other side of the jordan , and forward ; because our inheritance is fallen to us on this side of the jordan eastward .
surely i would speak to the almighty . i desire to reason with god .
they said , yahweh , the god of israel , why has this happened in israel , that there should be today one tribe lacking in israel ?
for when they went up to the valley of eshcol , and saw the land , they discouraged the heart of the children of israel , that they should not go into the land which yahweh had given them .
on the south side shall be the standard of the camp of reuben according to their divisions . the prince of the children of reuben shall be elizur the son of shedeur .
notwithstanding hezekiah humbled himself for the pride of his heart , both he and the inhabitants of jerusalem , so that the wrath of yahweh did n't come on them in the days of hezekiah .
if the avenger of blood pursue after him , then they shall not deliver up the manslayer into his hand ; because he struck his neighbor unawares , and did n't hate him before .
when one told me , saying , behold , saul is dead , thinking to have brought good news , i took hold of him , and killed him in ziklag , which was the reward i gave him for his news .
you shall make them linen breeches to cover the flesh of their nakedness ; from the waist even to the thighs they shall reach :
you make us a byword among the nations , a shaking of the head among the peoples .
solomon sought therefore to kill jeroboam ; but jeroboam arose , and fled into egypt , to shishak king of egypt , and was in egypt until the death of solomon .
this is what yahweh of armies says : these people say , the time has n't yet come , the time for yahweh 's house to be built . '
they struck of moab at that time about ten thousand men , every lusty man , and every man of valor ; and there escaped not a man .
blessed be yahweh , my rock , who teaches my hands to war , and my fingers to battle :
you , son of man , prophesy , and say , thus says the lord yahweh concerning the children of ammon , and concerning their reproach ; and say you , a sword , a sword is drawn , for the slaughter it is furbished , to cause it to devour , that it may be as lightning ;
jehoash slept with his fathers , and was buried in samaria with the kings of israel ; and jeroboam his son reigned in his place .
of it he shall offer one out of each offering for a heave offering to yahweh . it shall be the priest 's who sprinkles the blood of the peace offerings .
when we had sailed slowly many days , and had come with difficulty opposite cnidus , the wind not allowing us further , we sailed under the lee of crete , opposite salmone .
the people , the princes of gilead , said one to another , what man is he who will begin to fight against the children of ammon ? he shall be head over all the inhabitants of gilead .
but the men would n't listen to him : so the man laid hold on his concubine , and brought her forth to them ; and they knew her , and abused her all the night until the morning : and when the day began to spring , they let her go .
so he called them in and lodged them . on the next day peter arose and went out with them , and some of the brothers from joppa accompanied him .
it happened on the next day , that moses went into the tent of the testimony ; and behold , the rod of aaron for the house of levi was budded , and put forth buds , and produced blossoms , and bore ripe almonds .
the days that david reigned over israel were forty years ; seven years reigned he in hebron , and thirty - three years reigned he in jerusalem .
when david inquired of yahweh , he said , you shall not go up : make a circuit behind them , and come on them over against the mulberry trees .
therefore , as sin entered into the world through one man , and death through sin ; and so death passed to all men , because all sinned .
so are the paths of all who forget god . the hope of the godless man shall perish ,
the tombs were opened , and many bodies of the saints who had fallen asleep were raised ;
i , behold , i have appointed with him oholiab , the son of ahisamach , of the tribe of dan ; and in the heart of all who are wise - hearted i have put wisdom , that they may make all that i have commanded you :
yahweh said to joshua , this day have i rolled away the reproach of egypt from off you . therefore the name of that place was called gilgal , to this day .
you have enlarged my steps under me , my feet have not slipped .
cursed be the man who brought news to my father , saying , a boy is born to you ; making him very glad .
now herod was very angry with the people of tyre and sidon . they came with one accord to him , and , having made blastus , the king 's chamberlain , their friend , they asked for peace , because their country depended on the king 's country for food .
take the rod , and assemble the congregation , you , and aaron your brother , and speak you to the rock before their eyes , that it give forth its water ; and you shall bring forth to them water out of the rock ; so you shall give the congregation and their livestock drink .
they arose out of midian , and came to paran ; and they took men with them out of paran , and they came to egypt , to pharaoh king of egypt , who gave him a house , and appointed him food , and gave him land .
he who becomes the father of a fool grieves . the father of a fool has no joy .
they talked with each other about all of these things which had happened .
for because you did n't carry it at the first , yahweh our god made a breach on us , because we did n't seek him according to the ordinance .
also he made before the house two pillars of thirty - five cubits high , and the capital that was on the top of each of them was five cubits .
samuel said to the cook , bring the portion which i gave you , of which i said to you , set it by you .
he said to him , i also am a prophet as you are ; and an angel spoke to me by the word of yahweh , saying , bring him back with you into your house , that he may eat bread and drink water . but he lied to him .
but i have this against you , that you left your first love .
as do mark , aristarchus , demas , and luke , my fellow workers .
around the throne were twenty - four thrones . on the thrones were twenty - four elders sitting , dressed in white garments , with crowns of gold on their heads .
by wisdom yahweh founded the earth . by understanding , he established the heavens .
so they came and called to the porter of the city ; and they told them , saying , we came to the camp of the syrians , and , behold , there was no man there , neither voice of man , but the horses tied , and the donkeys tied , and the tents as they were .
for the kingdom of heaven is like a man who was the master of a household , who went out early in the morning to hire laborers for his vineyard .
they prayed , and said , you , lord , who know the hearts of all men , show which one of these two you have chosen
they shall know that i am yahweh , when i shall disperse them among the nations , and scatter them through the countries .
and whatever you do , work heartily , as for the lord , and not for men ,
remember the former things of old : for i am god , and there is none else ; i am god , and there is none like me ;
they roasted the passover with fire according to the ordinance : and the holy offerings boiled they in pots , and in caldrons , and in pans , and carried them quickly to all the children of the people .
when asa heard these words , and the prophecy of oded the prophet , he took courage , and put away the abominations out of all the land of judah and benjamin , and out of the cities which he had taken from the hill country of ephraim ; and he renewed the altar of yahweh , that was before the porch of yahweh .
then stood up jeshua the son of jozadak , and his brothers the priests , and zerubbabel the son of shealtiel , and his brothers , and built the altar of the god of israel , to offer burnt offerings thereon , as it is written in the law of moses the man of god .
how then was it counted ? when he was in circumcision , or in uncircumcision ? not in circumcision , but in uncircumcision .
the people grieved for benjamin , because that yahweh had made a breach in the tribes of israel .
now the feast of unleavened bread , which is called the passover , drew near .
remember , yahweh , against the children of edom , the day of jerusalem ; who said , raze it ! raze it even to its foundation !
yet he has no root in himself , but endures for a while . when oppression or persecution arises because of the word , immediately he stumbles .
god said , let the waters under the sky be gathered together to one place , and let the dry land appear , and it was so .
you shall be blessed above all peoples : there shall not be male or female barren among you , or among your livestock .
when david came to ziklag , he sent of the spoil to the elders of judah , even to his friends , saying , behold , a present for you of the spoil of the enemies of yahweh :
the philistines gathered themselves together , and came and encamped in shunem : and saul gathered all israel together , and they encamped in gilboa .
every base had four brazen wheels , and axles of brass ; and the four feet of it had supports : beneath the basin were the supports molten , with wreaths at the side of each .
after you shall arise another kingdom inferior to you ; and another third kingdom of brass , which shall bear rule over all the earth .
these twenty years i have been with you . your ewes and your female goats have not cast their young , and i have n't eaten the rams of your flocks .
he killed it ; and moses took the blood , and put it on the horns of the altar round about with his finger , and purified the altar , and poured out the blood at the base of the altar , and sanctified it , to make atonement for it .
hannah prayed , and said : my heart exults in yahweh ; my horn is exalted in yahweh ; my mouth is enlarged over my enemies ; because i rejoice in your salvation .
( that also is accounted a land of rephaim : rephaim lived therein before ; but the ammonites call them zamzummim ,
be careful therefore how you hear . for whoever has , to him will be given ; and whoever does n't have , from him will be taken away even that which he thinks he has .
moreover he who goes into the house while it is shut up shall be unclean until the evening .
the word of yahweh came expressly to ezekiel the priest , the son of buzi , in the land of the chaldeans by the river chebar ; and the hand of yahweh was there on him .
when evening came , they brought to him many possessed with demons . he cast out the spirits with a word , and healed all who were sick ;
they said , the lord needs it .
but he was angry , and would not go in . therefore his father came out , and begged him .
you shall set up the court around it , and hang up the screen of the gate of the court .
he said , thus says yahweh , make this valley full of trenches .
he went his way , and began to proclaim in decapolis how jesus had done great things for him , and everyone marveled .
it happened at that time , when jeroboam went out of jerusalem , that the prophet ahijah the shilonite found him in the way ; now ahijah had clad himself with a new garment ; and they two were alone in the field .
thus says the lord yahweh : because moab and seir say , behold , the house of judah is like all the nations ;
nadab and abihu died before yahweh , when they offered strange fire before yahweh , in the wilderness of sinai , and they had no children . eleazar and ithamar ministered in the priest 's office in the presence of aaron their father .
blessed is the man who makes yahweh his trust , and does n't respect the proud , nor such as turn aside to lies .
in these days , peter stood up in the midst of the disciples ( and the number of names was about one hundred twenty ) , and said ,
he went out from there . he came into his own country , and his disciples followed him .
i know what i will do , so that when i am removed from management , they may receive me into their houses . '
what is it then ? i will pray with the spirit , and i will pray with the understanding also . i will sing with the spirit , and i will sing with the understanding also .
then after a period of fourteen years i went up again to jerusalem with barnabas , taking titus also with me .
you shall write them on the door posts of your house , and on your gates .
the archers have sorely grieved him , shot at him , and persecute him :
so i stood beside him , and killed him , because i was sure that he could not live after that he was fallen : and i took the crown that was on his head , and the bracelet that was on his arm , and have brought them here to my lord .
remember that you magnify his work , whereof men have sung .
immediately in the synagogues he proclaimed the christ , that he is the son of god .
for as the rain comes down and the snow from the sky , and does n't return there , but waters the earth , and makes it bring forth and bud , and gives seed to the sower and bread to the eater ;
i tell you that even so there will be more joy in heaven over one sinner who repents , than over ninety - nine righteous people who need no repentance .
this , your stature , is like a palm tree , your breasts like its fruit .
see how good and how pleasant it is for brothers to live together in unity !
the grace of the lord jesus christ be with you .
you have clothed me with skin and flesh , and knit me together with bones and sinews .
nor to build houses for us to dwell in ; neither have we vineyard , nor field , nor seed :
i am the god of bethel , where you anointed a pillar , where you vowed a vow to me . now arise , get out from this land , and return to the land of your birth .
the king of israel said to jehoshaphat , did n't i tell you that he would not prophesy good concerning me , but evil ?
only to the land of the children of ammon you did n't come near ; all the side of the river jabbok , and the cities of the hill country , and wherever yahweh our god forbade us .
are you the first man who was born ? or were you brought forth before the hills ?
prepare you war against her ; arise , and let us go up at noon . woe to us ! for the day declines , for the shadows of the evening are stretched out .
paul stayed two whole years in his own rented house , and received all who were coming to him ,
yet you shall be brought down to sheol , to the depths of the pit .
saying , to you i will give the land of canaan , the lot of your inheritance ;
but i will leave in the midst of you an afflicted and poor people , and they will take refuge in the name of yahweh .
he found in the temple those who sold oxen , sheep , and doves , and the changers of money sitting .
they came again to jerusalem , and as he was walking in the temple , the chief priests , and the scribes , and the elders came to him ,
it happened , as soon as he had made an end of offering the burnt offering , that jehu said to the guard and to the captains , go in , and kill them ; let none come forth . they struck them with the edge of the sword ; and the guard and the captains cast them out , and went to the city of the house of baal .
they shall know that i am yahweh their god , who brought them forth out of the land of egypt , that i might dwell among them : i am yahweh their god .
those who were numbered of the families of the sons of merari , by their families , by their fathers ' houses ,
if fire breaks out , and catches in thorns so that the shocks of grain , or the standing grain , or the field are consumed ; he who kindled the fire shall surely make restitution .
the consecrated things were six hundred oxen and three thousand sheep .
( he had not consented to their counsel and deed ) , from arimathaea , a city of the jews , who was also waiting for the kingdom of god :
the child grew , and was weaned . abraham made a great feast on the day that isaac was weaned .
when aaron and his sons have finished covering the sanctuary , and all the furniture of the sanctuary , as the camp moves forward ; after that , the sons of kohath shall come to carry it : but they shall not touch the sanctuary , lest they die . these things are the burden of the sons of kohath in the tent of meeting .
elijah answered to the captain of fifty , if i be a man of god , let fire come down from the sky , and consume you and your fifty . fire came down from the sky , and consumed him and his fifty .
all the days of his vow of separation there shall no razor come on his head , until the days are fulfilled , in which he separates himself to yahweh . he shall be holy . he shall let the locks of the hair of his head grow long .
it stood still , but i could n't discern the appearance of it ; a form was before my eyes . silence , then i heard a voice , saying ,
the children of dan went their way : and when micah saw that they were too strong for him , he turned and went back to his house .
our elders and all the inhabitants of our country spoke to us , saying , take provision in your hand for the journey , and go to meet them , and tell them , we are your servants : and now make you a covenant with us .
being assembled together with them , he charged them , do n't depart from jerusalem , but wait for the promise of the father , which you heard from me .
they will see his face , and his name will be on their foreheads .
salt is good , but if the salt becomes flat and tasteless , with what do you season it ?
moses spoke so to the children of israel , but they did n't listen to moses for anguish of spirit , and for cruel bondage .
then she came and told the man of god . he said , go , sell the oil , and pay your debt , and live you and your sons of the rest .
we toil , working with our own hands . when people curse us , we bless . being persecuted , we endure .
i saw something like a sea of glass mixed with fire , and those who overcame the beast , his image , and the number of his name , standing on the sea of glass , having harps of god .
indignation has taken hold on me , because of the wicked who forsake your law .
jehoiada made a covenant between himself , and all the people , and the king , that they should be yahweh 's people .
so that we ourselves boast about you in the assemblies of god for your patience and faith in all your persecutions and in the afflictions which you endure .
you seed of abraham , his servant , you children of jacob , his chosen ones .
they took all the spoil , and all the prey , both of man and of animal .
moreover i said to the king , if it please the king , let letters be given me to the governors beyond the river , that they may let me pass through until i come to judah ;
but the king spared mephibosheth , the son of jonathan the son of saul , because of yahweh 's oath that was between them , between david and jonathan the son of saul .
then he sent out a second on horseback , who came to them , and said , thus says the king , is it peace ? jehu answered , what have you to do with peace ? turn you behind me .
the people got them by stealth that day into the city , as people who are ashamed steal away when they flee in battle .
his going forth is from the end of the heavens , his circuit to its ends ; there is nothing hidden from its heat .
they think it is strange that you do n't run with them into the same excess of riot , blaspheming :
then peter , turning around , saw a disciple following . this was the disciple whom jesus sincerely loved , the one who had also leaned on jesus ' breast at the supper and asked , lord , who is going to betray you ?
it happened when jesus had finished these words , he departed from galilee , and came into the borders of judea beyond the jordan .
the breadth of the entrance was ten cubits ; and the sides of the entrance were five cubits on the one side , and five cubits on the other side : and he measured the length of it , forty cubits , and the breadth , twenty cubits .
to the jews i became as a jew , that i might gain jews ; to those who are under the law , as under the law , that i might gain those who are under the law ;
then jesus said , i will be with you a little while longer , then i go to him who sent me .
that i may take the house of israel in their own heart , because they are all estranged from me through their idols .
i will walk before yahweh in the land of the living .
this shall be the priests ' due from the people , from those who offer a sacrifice , whether it be ox or sheep , that they shall give to the priest the shoulder , and the two cheeks , and the maw .
and i , and all the people who are with me , will approach to the city . it shall happen , when they come out against us , as at the first , that we will flee before them ;
they swore to yahweh with a loud voice , and with shouting , and with trumpets , and with cornets .
you shall not take vengeance , nor bear any grudge against the children of your people ; but you shall love your neighbor as yourself . i am yahweh .
let us therefore draw near with boldness to the throne of grace , that we may receive mercy , and may find grace for help in time of need .
they cried out , away with him ! away with him ! crucify him ! pilate said to them , shall i crucify your king ? the chief priests answered , we have no king but caesar !
can the papyrus grow up without mire ? can the rushes grow without water ?
yahweh your god has multiplied you , and behold , you are this day as the stars of the sky for multitude .
when a great argument arose , the commanding officer , fearing that paul would be torn in pieces by them , commanded the soldiers to go down and take him by force from among them , and bring him into the barracks .
six days you shall gather it , but on the seventh day is the sabbath . in it there shall be none .
but that the world may know that i love the father , and as the father commanded me , even so i do . arise , let us go from here .
he took and put the testimony into the ark , and set the poles on the ark , and put the mercy seat above on the ark .
but if you will not listen to us , to be circumcised , then we will take our sister , and we will be gone .
i will incline my ear to a proverb . i will open my riddle on the harp .
babylon has been a golden cup in yahweh 's hand , who made all the earth drunken : the nations have drunk of her wine ; therefore the nations are mad .
for her sins have reached to the sky , and god has remembered her iniquities .
righteousness will be the belt of his waist , and faithfulness the belt of his waist .
your two breasts are like two fawns that are twins of a roe , which feed among the lilies .
yahweh said to me , take a large tablet , and write on it with a man 's pen , for maher shalal hash baz ; '
joseph commanded his servants , the physicians , to embalm his father ; and the physicians embalmed israel .
yahweh said to moses , stretch out your hand over the land of egypt for the locusts , that they may come up on the land of egypt , and eat every herb of the land , even all that the hail has left .
i will utter my judgments against them touching all their wickedness , in that they have forsaken me , and have burned incense to other gods , and worshiped the works of their own hands .
yes , when i cry , and call for help , he shuts out my prayer .
and they found him , and told him , everyone is looking for you .
for i most assuredly , as being absent in body but present in spirit , have already , as though i were present , judged him who has done this thing .
saying to aaron , make us gods that will go before us , for as for this moses , who led us out of the land of egypt , we do n't know what has become of him . '
your way , god , is in the sanctuary . what god is great like god ?
god said to noah , this is the token of the covenant which i have established between me and all flesh that is on the earth .
do n't let kindness and truth forsake you . bind them around your neck . write them on the tablet of your heart .
and i will bring back all the people to you : the man whom you seek is as if all returned : so all the people shall be in peace .
and had taken captive the women and all who were therein , both small and great : they did n't kill any , but carried them off , and went their way .
give no occasions for stumbling , either to jews , or to greeks , or to the assembly of god ;
listen you to the petitions of your servant , and of your people israel , when they shall pray toward this place : yes , hear from your dwelling place , even from heaven ; and when you hear , forgive .
nor did i go up to jerusalem to those who were apostles before me , but i went away into arabia . then i returned to damascus .
then said jonathan to david , whatever your soul desires , i will even do it for you .
god has shown himself in her citadels as a refuge .
so he made two doors of olive wood ; and he carved on them carvings of cherubim and palm trees and open flowers , and overlaid them with gold ; and he spread the gold on the cherubim , and on the palm trees .
he will judge among the nations . he will heap up dead bodies . he will crush the ruler of the whole earth .
take aaron and his sons with him , and the garments , and the anointing oil , and the bull of the sin offering , and the two rams , and the basket of unleavened bread ;
but every woman praying or prophesying with her head unveiled dishonors her head . for it is one and the same thing as if she were shaved .
but we will bless yah , from this time forth and forevermore . praise yah !
besides the continual burnt offering , and the meal offering of it , you shall offer them ( they shall be to you without blemish ) , and their drink offerings .
he sings before men , and says , i have sinned , and perverted that which was right , and it did n't profit me .
now consider this , you who forget god , lest i tear you into pieces , and there be none to deliver .
if a man have committed a sin worthy of death , and he be put to death , and you hang him on a tree ;
thus he said , the fourth animal shall be a fourth kingdom on earth , which shall be diverse from all the kingdoms , and shall devour the whole earth , and shall tread it down , and break it in pieces .
if your father miss me at all , then say , david earnestly asked leave of me that he might run to bethlehem his city ; for it is the yearly sacrifice there for all the family .
lord , how long will you look on ? rescue my soul from their destruction , my precious life from the lions .
again , i write a new commandment to you , which is true in him and in you ; because the darkness is passing away , and the true light already shines .
the men of nineveh will stand up in the judgment with this generation , and will condemn it , for they repented at the preaching of jonah ; and behold , someone greater than jonah is here .
they rose up in the morning early , and worshiped before yahweh , and returned , and came to their house to ramah : and elkanah knew hannah his wife ; and yahweh remembered her .
sing , heavens ; and be joyful , earth ; and break forth into singing , mountains : for yahweh has comforted his people , and will have compassion on his afflicted .
yahweh said to him , go down and you shall bring aaron up with you , but do n't let the priests and the people break through to come up to yahweh , lest he break forth on them .
then there were two robbers crucified with him , one on his right hand and one on the left .
after the two days he went out from there and went into galilee .
why was n't this ointment sold for three hundred denarii , and given to the poor ?
as you still exalt yourself against my people , that you wo n't let them go .
then i came to them of the captivity at tel aviv , that lived by the river chebar , and to where they lived ; and i sat there overwhelmed among them seven days .
for he knew him who would betray him , therefore he said , you are not all clean .
it happened , when moses came down from mount sinai with the two tablets of the testimony in moses ' hand , when he came down from the mountain , that moses did n't know that the skin of his face shone by reason of his speaking with him .
but he does n't know that the dead are there , that her guests are in the depths of sheol .
not only is there danger that this our trade come into disrepute , but also that the temple of the great goddess artemis will be counted as nothing , and her majesty destroyed , whom all asia and the world worships .
therefore when the lord knew that the pharisees had heard that jesus was making and baptizing more disciples than john
surely the lord yahweh will do nothing , unless he reveals his secret to his servants the prophets .
many times he delivered them , but they were rebellious in their counsel , and were brought low in their iniquity .
phinehas the son of eleazar was ruler over them in time past , and yahweh was with him .
the work of the bases was on this manner : they had panels ; and there were panels between the ledges ;
only you shall not eat its blood ; you shall pour it out on the ground as water .
saul said , blessed be you of yahweh ; for you have had compassion on me .
but the wise answered , saying , what if there is n't enough for us and you ? you go rather to those who sell , and buy for yourselves . '
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
they open their mouths wide against me , lions tearing prey and roaring .
he did n't lay his hand on the nobles of the children of israel . they saw god , and ate and drank .
those who are perverse in heart are an abomination to yahweh , but those whose ways are blameless are his delight .
yahweh spoke to gad , david 's seer , saying ,
let them praise yahweh for his loving kindness , for his wonderful works for the children of men !
the third lot came up for the children of zebulun according to their families ; and the border of their inheritance was to sarid ;
it happened , when he had come , that he blew a trumpet in the hill country of ephraim ; and the children of israel went down with him from the hill country , and he before them .
i have called to you . save me ! i will obey your statutes .
this is how you shall make it . the length of the ark will be three hundred cubits , the breadth of it fifty cubits , and the height of it thirty cubits .
whether it has gored a son or has gored a daughter , according to this judgment it shall be done to him .
yahweh heard the voice of your words , when you spoke to me ; and yahweh said to me , i have heard the voice of the words of this people , which they have spoken to you : they have well said all that they have spoken .
if he be able to fight with me , and kill me , then will we be your servants ; but if i prevail against him , and kill him , then shall you be our servants , and serve us .
and hope does n't disappoint us , because god 's love has been poured out into our hearts through the holy spirit who was given to us .
but to you , yahweh , i have cried . in the morning , my prayer comes before you .
but you , son of man , hear what i tell you ; do n't be you rebellious like that rebellious house : open your mouth , and eat that which i give you .
while the children of israel were in the wilderness , they found a man gathering sticks on the sabbath day .
but of which of the angels has he said at any time , sit at my right hand , until i make your enemies the footstool of your feet ?
all of them come for violence . their hordes face the desert . he gathers prisoners like sand .
he was returning and sitting in his chariot , and was reading the prophet isaiah .
as for those of you who are left , i will send a faintness into their hearts in the lands of their enemies : and the sound of a driven leaf will put them to flight ; and they shall flee , as one flees from the sword ; and they will fall when no one pursues .
he did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh : he did n't depart all his days from the sins of jeroboam the son of nebat , with which he made israel to sin .
but put forth your hand now , and touch all that he has , and he will renounce you to your face .
and tore the kingdom away from the house of david , and gave it you ; and yet you have not been as my servant david , who kept my commandments , and who followed me with all his heart , to do that only which was right in my eyes ,
you shall see the affliction of my habitation , in all the wealth which god shall give israel ; and there shall not be an old man in your house forever .
samaria and her king float away , like a twig on the water .
the leach has two daughters : give , give . ' there are three things that are never satisfied ; four that do n't say , enough : '
so he arose and went to zarephath ; and when he came to the gate of the city , behold , a widow was there gathering sticks : and he called to her , and said , please get me a little water in a vessel , that i may drink .
they shall keep all the furnishings of the tent of meeting , and the obligations of the children of israel , to do the service of the tabernacle .
now it happened , after that amaziah was come from the slaughter of the edomites , that he brought the gods of the children of seir , and set them up to be his gods , and bowed down himself before them , and burned incense to them .
i applied my heart to know wisdom , and to know madness and folly . i perceived that this also was a chasing after wind .
have n't you , god , rejected us ? you do n't go out with our armies , god .
micah said to him , whence come you ? he said to him , i am a levite of bethlehem judah , and i go to sojourn where i may find a place .
then stood up on the stairs of the levites , jeshua , and bani , kadmiel , shebaniah , bunni , sherebiah , bani , and chenani , and cried with a loud voice to yahweh their god .
these are the words of the covenant which yahweh commanded moses to make with the children of israel in the land of moab , besides the covenant which he made with them in horeb .
the winepress was trodden outside of the city , and blood came out from the winepress , even to the bridles of the horses , as far as one thousand six hundred stadia .
yahweh spoke to joshua , saying ,
they came to a place which was named gethsemane . he said to his disciples , sit here , while i pray .
the king made of the algum trees terraces for the house of yahweh , and for the king 's house , and harps and psalteries for the singers : and there were none such seen before in the land of judah .
then said zedekiah to jeremiah , let no man know of these words , and you shall not die .
oh , send out your light and your truth . let them lead me . let them bring me to your holy hill , to your tents .
he has shown his people the power of his works , in giving them the heritage of the nations .
in the third year of cyrus king of persia a thing was revealed to daniel , whose name was called belteshazzar ; and the thing was true , even a great warfare : and he understood the thing , and had understanding of the vision .
god will likewise destroy you forever . he will take you up , and pluck you out of your tent , and root you out of the land of the living . selah .
we made a raid on the south of the cherethites , and on that which belongs to judah , and on the south of caleb ; and we burned ziklag with fire .
do n't say , a conspiracy ! ' concerning all about which this people say , a conspiracy ! ' neither fear their threats , nor be terrorized .
who alone has immortality , dwelling in unapproachable light ; whom no man has seen , nor can see : to whom be honor and eternal power . amen .
for i will send pestilence into her , and blood into her streets ; and the wounded shall fall in the midst of her , with the sword on her on every side ; and they shall know that i am yahweh .
the haters of yahweh would cringe before him , and their punishment would last forever .
hear my voice , god , in my complaint . preserve my life from fear of the enemy .
when the voice came , jesus was found alone . they were silent , and told no one in those days any of the things which they had seen .
gave his offering : one silver platter , the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels , one silver bowl of seventy shekels , after the shekel of the sanctuary ; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering ;
who serve a copy and shadow of the heavenly things , even as moses was warned by god when he was about to make the tabernacle , for he said , see , you shall make everything according to the pattern that was shown to you on the mountain .
it will be , that every soul that will not listen to that prophet will be utterly destroyed from among the people . '
yahweh said to moses , i will do this thing also that you have spoken ; for you have found favor in my sight , and i know you by name .
he did n't allow him , but said to him , go to your house , to your friends , and tell them what great things the lord has done for you , and how he had mercy on you .
set up road signs , make guideposts ; set your heart toward the highway , even the way by which you went : turn again , virgin of israel , turn again to these your cities .
the merciful man does good to his own soul , but he who is cruel troubles his own flesh .
the men of his city , even the elders and the nobles who lived in his city , did as jezebel had sent to them , according as it was written in the letters which she had sent to them .
but if you had known what this means , i desire mercy , and not sacrifice , ' you would not have condemned the guiltless .
who has declared it from the beginning , that we may know ? and before , that we may say , he is right ? ' surely , there is no one who declares . surely , there is no one who shows . surely , there is no one who hears your words .
now when jesus was in bethany , in the house of simon the leper ,
while they still did n't believe for joy , and wondered , he said to them , do you have anything here to eat ?
ascribe to yahweh , you relatives of the peoples , ascribe to yahweh glory and strength ;
she said to them , thus says yahweh , the god of israel : tell you the man who sent you to me ,
he saw a certain poor widow casting in two small brass coins .
yahweh said to me , take for yourself yet again the equipment of a foolish shepherd .
he raises his hands against his friends . he has violated his covenant .
joshua sent men from jericho to ai , which is beside beth aven , on the east side of bethel , and spoke to them , saying , go up and spy out the land . the men went up and spied out ai .
when i tried to understand this , it was too painful for me ;
he said to them , this kind can come out by nothing , except by prayer and fasting .
against him came up nebuchadnezzar king of babylon , and bound him in fetters , to carry him to babylon .
in that day , says yahweh , i will assemble that which is lame , and i will gather that which is driven away , and that which i have afflicted ;
i know how to be humbled , and i know also how to abound . in everything and in all things i have learned the secret both to be filled and to be hungry , both to abound and to be in need .
i heard , and my body trembled . my lips quivered at the voice . rottenness enters into my bones , and i tremble in my place , because i must wait quietly for the day of trouble , for the coming up of the people who invade us .
it happened in those days , that jesus came from nazareth of galilee , and was baptized by john in the jordan .
the jailer , being roused out of sleep and seeing the prison doors open , drew his sword and was about to kill himself , supposing that the prisoners had escaped .
it happened in the eleventh year , in the first day of the month , that the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
behold , then i would wander far off . i would lodge in the wilderness . selah .
salvation from our enemies , and from the hand of all who hate us ;
so samuel brought all the tribes of israel near , and the tribe of benjamin was taken .
the enemy is overtaken by endless ruin . the very memory of the cities which you have overthrown has perished .
see you how ahab humbles himself before me ? because he humbles himself before me , i will not bring the evil in his days ; but in his son 's days will i bring the evil on his house .
how is sheshach taken ! and the praise of the whole earth seized ! how is babylon become a desolation among the nations !
in his right hand was the divination for jerusalem , to set battering rams , to open the mouth in the slaughter , to lift up the voice with shouting , to set battering rams against the gates , to cast up mounds , to build forts .
therefore martha said to jesus , lord , if you would have been here , my brother would n't have died .
the seventh angel sounded , and great voices in heaven followed , saying , the kingdom of the world has become the kingdom of our lord , and of his christ . he will reign forever and ever !
of the children of dan , their generations , by their families , by their fathers ' houses , according to the number of the names , from twenty years old and upward , all who were able to go forth to war ;
because of the ground which is cracked , because no rain has been in the land , the plowmen are disappointed , they cover their heads .
then you shall sound the loud trumpet on the tenth day of the seventh month . on the day of atonement you shall sound the trumpet throughout all your land .
it happened after a while , that the brook dried up , because there was no rain in the land .
yes , if you call out for discernment , and lift up your voice for understanding ;
they chose new gods ; then was war in the gates : was there a shield or spear seen among forty thousand in israel ?
yahweh said to gideon , by the three hundred men who lapped will i save you , and deliver the midianites into your hand ; and let all the people go every man to his place .
this continued for two years , so that all those who lived in asia heard the word of the lord jesus , both jews and greeks .
then eli answered , go in peace ; and the god of israel grant your petition that you have asked of him .
he looked this way and that way , and when he saw that there was no one , he killed the egyptian , and hid him in the sand .
for this cause , brothers , we were comforted over you in all our distress and affliction through your faith .
behold , a man from the crowd called out , saying , teacher , i beg you to look at my son , for he is my only child .
that the name of our lord jesus may be glorified in you , and you in him , according to the grace of our god and the lord jesus christ .
for in this mountain the hand of yahweh will rest . moab will be trodden down in his place , even like straw is trodden down in the water of the dunghill .
have n't i commanded you ? be strong and of good courage ; do n't be afraid , neither be dismayed : for yahweh your god is with you wherever you go .
then sang deborah and barak the son of abinoam on that day , saying ,
whoever touches anything that was under him shall be unclean until the evening . he who carries those things shall wash his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and be unclean until the evening .
whom not having known you love ; in whom , though now you do n't see him , yet believing , you rejoice greatly with joy unspeakable and full of glory
i will shoot three arrows on the side of it , as though i shot at a mark .
then the five men who went to spy out the country of laish answered , and said to their brothers , do you know that there is in these houses an ephod , and teraphim , and an engraved image , and a molten image ? now therefore consider what you have to do .
there is a grievous evil which i have seen under the sun : wealth kept by its owner to his harm .
out of his mouth go burning torches , sparks of fire leap forth .
he sent a man before them . joseph was sold for a slave .
do n't desire the night , when people are cut off in their place .
and say , thus says the lord yahweh : a great eagle with great wings and long feathers , full of feathers , which had various colors , came to lebanon , and took the top of the cedar :
adam was n't deceived , but the woman , being deceived , has fallen into disobedience ;
he said to them , is it well with him ? they said , it is well . see , rachel , his daughter , is coming with the sheep .
that day is a day of wrath , a day of distress and anguish , a day of trouble and ruin , a day of darkness and gloom , a day of clouds and blackness ,
go up into gilead , and take balm , virgin daughter of egypt : in vain do you use many medicines ; there is no healing for you .
the destroyer shall come on every city , and no city shall escape ; the valley also shall perish , and the plain shall be destroyed ; as yahweh has spoken .
it happened at the end of three years , that two of the servants of shimei ran away to achish , son of maacah , king of gath . they told shimei , saying , behold , your servants are in gath .
for neither from the east , nor from the west , nor yet from the south , comes exaltation .
david longed , and said , oh that one would give me water to drink of the well of bethlehem , which is by the gate !
when forty years were fulfilled , an angel of the lord appeared to him in the wilderness of mount sinai , in a flame of fire in a bush .
sixteen years old was he when he began to reign ; and he reigned fifty - two years in jerusalem : and his mother 's name was jecoliah of jerusalem .
but you shall offer an offering made by fire , a burnt offering to yahweh : two young bulls , and one ram , and seven male lambs a year old ; they shall be to you without blemish ;
do n't you know that your bodies are members of christ ? shall i then take the members of christ , and make them members of a prostitute ? may it never be !
then menahem struck tiphsah , and all who were therein , and the borders of it , from tirzah : because they did n't open to him , therefore he struck it ; and all the women therein who were with child he ripped up .
for where two or three are gathered together in my name , there i am in the midst of them .
therefore they called these days purim , after the name of pur . therefore because of all the words of this letter , and of that which they had seen concerning this matter , and that which had come to them ,
now in the fifth month , on the seventh day of the month , which was the nineteenth year of king nebuchadnezzar , king of babylon , came nebuzaradan the captain of the guard , a servant of the king of babylon , to jerusalem .
he took the twelve aside , and said to them , behold , we are going up to jerusalem , and all the things that are written through the prophets concerning the son of man will be completed .
david was afraid of yahweh that day ; and he said , how shall the ark of yahweh come to me ?
his bones are like tubes of brass . his limbs are like bars of iron .
it was so , when elisha the man of god heard that the king of israel had torn his clothes , that he sent to the king , saying , why have you torn your clothes ? let him come now to me , and he shall know that there is a prophet in israel .
he broke in pieces the pillars , and cut down the asherim , and filled their places with the bones of men .
the birds of the sky , the fish of the sea , and whatever passes through the paths of the seas .
from the days of john the baptizer until now , the kingdom of heaven suffers violence , and the violent take it by force .
he went to his father 's house at ophrah , and killed his brothers the sons of jerubbaal , being seventy persons , on one stone : but jotham the youngest son of jerubbaal was left ; for he hid himself .
the heart of the rash will understand knowledge , and the tongue of the stammerers will be ready to speak plainly .
to them it was revealed , that not to themselves , but to you , did they minister these things , which now have been announced to you through those who preached the good news to you by the holy spirit sent out from heaven ; which things angels desire to look into .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
i coveted no one 's silver , or gold , or clothing .
the glory of yahweh went up from the midst of the city , and stood on the mountain which is on the east side of the city .
the lips of the righteous feed many , but the foolish die for lack of understanding .
the women said to naomi , blessed be yahweh , who has not left you this day without a near kinsman ; and let his name be famous in israel .
their heart is as callous as the fat , but i delight in your law .
god will not withdraw his anger ; the helpers of rahab stoop under him .
as valleys are they spread forth , as gardens by the riverside , as aloes which yahweh has planted , as cedar trees beside the waters .
again he returned , and found them sleeping , for their eyes were very heavy , and they did n't know what to answer him .
the light shines in the darkness , and the darkness has n't overcome it .
this i say therefore , and testify in the lord , that you no longer walk as the rest of the gentiles also walk , in the futility of their mind ,
out of the tribe of dan , elteke with its suburbs , gibbethon with its suburbs ,
standing still , jesus commanded him to be brought to him . when he had come near , he asked him ,
for you say , where is the house of the prince ? where is the tent in which the wicked lived ? '
for as the churning of milk brings forth butter , and the wringing of the nose brings forth blood ; so the forcing of wrath brings forth strife .
one law shall be to him who is born at home , and to the stranger who lives as a foreigner among you .
moses said to yahweh , then the egyptians will hear it ; for you brought up this people in your might from among them ;
ishmael , his son , was thirteen years old when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin .
when they heard that he was alive , and had been seen by her , they disbelieved .
declare his glory among the nations , his marvelous works among all the peoples .
then uzziah was angry ; and he had a censer in his hand to burn incense ; and while he was angry with the priests , the leprosy broke forth in his forehead before the priests in the house of yahweh , beside the altar of incense .
tamar put ashes on her head , and tore her garment of various colors that was on her ; and she laid her hand on her head , and went her way , crying aloud as she went .
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
no hand shall touch him , but he shall surely be stoned or shot through ; whether it is animal or man , he shall not live . ' when the trumpet sounds long , they shall come up to the mountain .
in the twentieth year of jeroboam king of israel began asa to reign over judah .
he made him ride on the high places of the earth , he ate the increase of the field ; he made him to suck honey out of the rock , oil out of the flinty rock ;
the lord said to the servant , go out into the highways and hedges , and compel them to come in , that my house may be filled .
blessed are those who mourn , for they shall be comforted .
for the sake of the house of yahweh our god , i will seek your good .
for those who have served well as deacons gain to themselves a good standing , and great boldness in the faith which is in christ jesus .
they have ears , but they do n't hear ; they have noses , but they do n't smell ;
it happened , when they were come into samaria , that elisha said , yahweh , open the eyes of these men , that they may see . yahweh opened their eyes , and they saw ; and behold , they were in the midst of samaria .
but absalom fled . the young man who kept the watch lifted up his eyes , and looked , and behold , many people were coming by way of the hillside behind him .
behold , i have made you into a new sharp threshing instrument with teeth . you will thresh the mountains , and beat them small , and will make the hills like chaff .
there were four tables for the burnt offering , of hewn stone , a cubit and a half long , and a cubit and a half broad , and one cubit high ; whereupon they laid the instruments with which they killed the burnt offering and the sacrifice .
now if there was perfection through the levitical priesthood ( for under it the people have received the law ) , what further need was there for another priest to arise after the order of melchizedek , and not be called after the order of aaron ?
jesus sat down opposite the treasury , and saw how the multitude cast money into the treasury . many who were rich cast in much .
it will never be inhabited , neither will it be lived in from generation to generation . the arabian will not pitch a tent there , neither will shepherds make their flocks lie down there .
moreover you shall take no ransom for the life of a murderer who is guilty of death ; but he shall surely be put to death .
now i have prepared with all my might for the house of my god the gold for the things of gold , and the silver for the things of silver , and the brass for the things of brass , the iron for the things of iron , and wood for the things of wood ; onyx stones , and stones to be set , stones for inlaid work , and of various colors , and all manner of precious stones , and marble stones in abundance .
forty - two years old was ahaziah when he began to reign ; and he reigned one year in jerusalem : and his mother 's name was athaliah the daughter of omri .
to man he said , behold , the fear of the lord , that is wisdom . to depart from evil is understanding . '
he is conceited , knowing nothing , but obsessed with arguments , disputes , and word battles , from which come envy , strife , reviling , evil suspicions ,
he spoke of trees , from the cedar that is in lebanon even to the hyssop that springs out of the wall ; he spoke also of animals , and of birds , and of creeping things , and of fish .
the heart of one who has understanding seeks knowledge , but the mouths of fools feed on folly .
she gave the king one hundred twenty talents of gold , and of spices very great store , and precious stones : there came no more such abundance of spices as these which the queen of sheba gave to king solomon .
if your brother has grown poor among you , and sells himself to you ; you shall not make him to serve as a slave .
do n't take any gold , nor silver , nor brass in your money belts .
yahweh 's works are great , pondered by all those who delight in them .
as also you acknowledged us in part , that we are your boasting , even as you also are ours , in the day of our lord jesus .
now when joab saw that the battle was set against him before and behind , he chose of all the choice men of israel , and put them in array against the syrians .
all the people of the surrounding country of the gadarenes asked him to depart from them , for they were very much afraid . he entered into the boat , and returned .
also i spoke to the priests and to all this people , saying , thus says yahweh : do n't listen to the words of your prophets who prophesy to you , saying , behold , the vessels of yahweh 's house shall now shortly be brought again from babylon ; for they prophesy a lie to you .
i , yahweh , have called you in righteousness , and will hold your hand , and will keep you , and make you a covenant for the people , as a light for the nations ;
now i tell you , withdraw from these men , and leave them alone . for if this counsel or this work is of men , it will be overthrown .
take away the wicked from the king 's presence , and his throne will be established in righteousness .
you shall fear yahweh your god ; him shall you serve ; and to him shall you cleave , and by his name shall you swear .
because i feared the great multitude , and the contempt of families terrified me , so that i kept silence , and did n't go out of the door
and set forth customs which it is not lawful for us to accept or to observe , being romans .
it happened on the next day , when the philistines came to strip the slain , that they found saul and his three sons fallen on mount gilboa .
he is clothed in a garment sprinkled with blood . his name is called the word of god .
in the same hour came forth the fingers of a man 's hand , and wrote over against the lampstand on the plaster of the wall of the king 's palace : and the king saw the part of the hand that wrote .
you shall remember that you were a bondservant in the land of egypt : therefore i command you to do this thing .
and all these blessings shall come on you , and overtake you , if you shall listen to the voice of yahweh your god .
and to know christ 's love which surpasses knowledge , that you may be filled with all the fullness of god .
so that there was the face of a man toward the palm tree on the one side , and the face of a young lion toward the palm tree on the other side . thus was it made through all the house round about :
if your people go out to battle against their enemies , by whatever way you shall send them , and they pray to you toward this city which you have chosen , and the house which i have built for your name ;
the jews therefore sought him at the feast , and said , where is he ?
regard the patience of our lord as salvation ; even as our beloved brother paul also , according to the wisdom given to him , wrote to you ;
after this manner he made the ten bases : all of them had one casting , one measure , and one form .
yahweh will be king over all the earth . in that day yahweh will be one , and his name one .
now he is not the god of the dead , but of the living , for all are alive to him .
leah conceived , and bore a son , and she named him reuben . for she said , because yahweh has looked at my affliction . for now my husband will love me .
and that most of the brothers in the lord , being confident through my bonds , are more abundantly bold to speak the word of god without fear .
for they intended evil against you . they plotted evil against you which can not succeed .
a man 's gift makes room for him , and brings him before great men .
i will offer to you the sacrifice of thanksgiving , and will call on the name of yahweh .
withstand him steadfast in your faith , knowing that your brothers who are in the world are undergoing the same sufferings .
so all the elders of israel came to the king to hebron ; and david made a covenant with them in hebron before yahweh ; and they anointed david king over israel , according to the word of yahweh by samuel .
when you saw that nahash the king of the children of ammon came against you , you said to me , no , but a king shall reign over us ; when yahweh your god was your king .
but truly i tell you , there were many widows in israel in the days of elijah , when the sky was shut up three years and six months , when a great famine came over all the land .
joseph brought in jacob , his father , and set him before pharaoh , and jacob blessed pharaoh .
i will bless those who bless you , and i will curse him who curses you . in you will all of the families of the earth be blessed .
when you eat , and when you drink , do n't you eat for yourselves , and drink for yourselves ?
because your heart was tender , and you did humble yourself before god , when you heard his words against this place , and against the inhabitants of it , and have humbled yourself before me , and have torn your clothes , and wept before me ; i also have heard you , says yahweh .
therefore you testify to yourselves that you are children of those who killed the prophets .
you also put my feet in the stocks , and mark all my paths . you set a bound to the soles of my feet :
when they had come in , they went up into the upper room , where they were staying ; that is peter , john , james , andrew , philip , thomas , bartholomew , matthew , james the son of alphaeus , simon the zealot , and judas the son of james .
i will also praise you with the harp for your faithfulness , my god . i sing praises to you with the lyre , holy one of israel .
they insulted him and said , you are his disciple , but we are disciples of moses .
she said , give me a blessing ; for that you have set me in the land of the south , give me also springs of water . he gave her the upper springs and the lower springs .
then sarah denied , saying , i did n't laugh , for she was afraid . he said , no , but you did laugh .
benjamin returned at that time ; and they gave them the women whom they had saved alive of the women of jabesh gilead : and yet so they were n't enough for them .
i therefore , the prisoner in the lord , beg you to walk worthily of the calling with which you were called ,
jehoshaphat his son reigned in his place , and strengthened himself against israel .
and every spirit who does n't confess that jesus christ has come in the flesh is not of god , and this is the spirit of the antichrist , of whom you have heard that it comes . now it is in the world already .
he touched her hand , and the fever left her . she got up and served him .
one of his heads looked like it had been wounded fatally . his fatal wound was healed , and the whole earth marveled at the beast .
furthermore he made the court of the priests , and the great court , and doors for the court , and overlaid the doors of them with brass .
the flood was forty days on the earth . the waters increased , and lifted up the ark , and it was lifted up above the earth .
if you seek her as silver , and search for her as for hidden treasures :
then the elders of his city shall call him , and speak to him : and if he stand , and say , i do n't want to take her ;
now it happened , when all the people were baptized , jesus also had been baptized , and was praying . the sky was opened ,
and ain with its suburbs , and juttah with its suburbs , and beth shemesh with its suburbs ; nine cities out of those two tribes .
there were also others , two criminals , led with him to be put to death .
one who plots to do evil will be called a schemer .
then laban and bethuel answered , the thing proceeds from yahweh . we ca n't speak to you bad or good .
i have been crucified with christ , and it is no longer i that live , but christ living in me . that life which i now live in the flesh , i live by faith in the son of god , who loved me , and gave himself up for me .
( now the congregation 's half was three hundred thirty - seven thousand five hundred sheep ,
joash king of israel took amaziah king of judah , the son of joash the son of jehoahaz , at beth shemesh , and brought him to jerusalem , and broke down the wall of jerusalem from the gate of ephraim to the corner gate , four hundred cubits .
has n't the scripture said that the christ comes of the seed of david , and from bethlehem , the village where david was ?
as the nations that yahweh makes to perish before you , so shall you perish ; because you would n't listen to the voice of yahweh your god .
rejoice in the lord always ! again i will say , rejoice !
for there is hope for a tree , if it is cut down , that it will sprout again , that the tender branch of it will not cease .
he saved others , but he ca n't save himself . if he is the king of israel , let him come down from the cross now , and we will believe in him .
every bed whereon he who has the discharge lies shall be unclean ; and everything he sits on shall be unclean .
it happened , at the return of the year , at the time when kings go out to battle , that david sent joab , and his servants with him , and all israel ; and they destroyed the children of ammon , and besieged rabbah . but david stayed at jerusalem .
then hezekiah turned his face to the wall and prayed to yahweh ,
yes , i beg you that i may not , when present , show courage with the confidence with which i intend to be bold against some , who consider us to be walking according to the flesh .
we roar all like bears , and moan sore like doves : we look for justice , but there is none ; for salvation , but it is far off from us .
grace , mercy , and peace will be with us , from god the father , and from the lord jesus christ , the son of the father , in truth and love .
i adjure you , daughters of jerusalem , by the roes , or by the hinds of the field , that you not stir up , nor awaken love , until it so desires .
they have emptied out the money that was found in the house of yahweh , and have delivered it into the hand of the overseers , and into the hand of the workmen .
he went out about the third hour , and saw others standing idle in the marketplace .
for the king had ships that went to tarshish with the servants of huram ; once every three years came the ships of tarshish , bringing gold , and silver , ivory , and apes , and peacocks .
it happened after the death of joshua , the children of israel asked of yahweh , saying , who shall go up for us first against the canaanites , to fight against them ?
at lystra a certain man sat , impotent in his feet , a cripple from his mother 's womb , who never had walked .
he broke down the tower of penuel , and killed the men of the city .
i would declare to him the number of my steps . as a prince would i go near to him .
for they vex you with their wiles , with which they have deceived you in the matter of peor , and in the matter of cozbi , the daughter of the prince of midian , their sister , who was slain on the day of the plague in the matter of peor .
to these he also showed himself alive after he suffered , by many proofs , appearing to them over a period of forty days , and speaking about god 's kingdom .
if the ear would say , because i 'm not the eye , i 'm not part of the body , it 's not therefore not part of the body .
then jesus came and took the bread , gave it to them , and the fish likewise .
joram said , make ready . they made ready his chariot . joram king of israel and ahaziah king of judah went out , each in his chariot , and they went out to meet jehu , and found him in the portion of naboth the jezreelite .
they cast out many demons , and anointed many with oil who were sick , and healed them .
accounting the reproach of christ greater riches than the treasures of egypt ; for he looked to the reward .
for i determined not to know anything among you , except jesus christ , and him crucified .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
can your heart endure , or can your hands be strong , in the days that i shall deal with you ? i , yahweh , have spoken it , and will do it .
and he had two wives ; the name of the one was hannah , and the name of other peninnah : and peninnah had children , but hannah had no children .
they commanded the children of benjamin , saying , go and lie in wait in the vineyards ,
while he yet spoke , behold , jonathan the son of abiathar the priest came : and adonijah said , come in ; for you are a worthy man , and bring good news .
day by day , continuing steadfastly with one accord in the temple , and breaking bread at home , they took their food with gladness and singleness of heart ,
they answered him , our father is abraham . jesus said to them , if you were abraham 's children , you would do the works of abraham .
again i tell you , it is easier for a camel to go through a needle 's eye , than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of god .
when you offer an offering of a meal offering baked in the oven , it shall be unleavened cakes of fine flour mixed with oil , or unleavened wafers anointed with oil .
he sent young men of the children of israel , who offered burnt offerings and sacrificed peace offerings of oxen to yahweh .
the cows took the straight way by the way to beth shemesh ; they went along the highway , lowing as they went , and did n't turn aside to the right hand or to the left ; and the lords of the philistines went after them to the border of beth shemesh .
now it happened , when adoni - zedek king of jerusalem heard how joshua had taken ai , and had utterly destroyed it ; as he had done to jericho and her king , so he had done to ai and her king ; and how the inhabitants of gibeon had made peace with israel , and were among them ;
the land of egypt is before you . make your father and your brothers dwell in the best of the land . let them dwell in the land of goshen . if you know any able men among them , then put them in charge of my livestock .
remember them , my god , because they have defiled the priesthood , and the covenant of the priesthood , and of the levites .
you will be hated by all men for my name 's sake .
i will put a division between my people and your people : by tomorrow shall this sign be . '
keep your tongue from evil , and your lips from speaking lies .
they indeed of the sons of levi who receive the priest 's office have a commandment to take tithes of the people according to the law , that is , of their brothers , though these have come out of the body of abraham ,
judah became his sanctuary , israel his dominion .
he saw two boats standing by the lake , but the fishermen had gone out of them , and were washing their nets .
into whatever city or village you enter , find out who in it is worthy ; and stay there until you go on .
yet have respect for the prayer of your servant , and for his supplication , yahweh my god , to listen to the cry and to the prayer which your servant prays before you this day ;
ascribe to yahweh , you sons of the mighty , ascribe to yahweh glory and strength .
you have bought me no sweet cane with money , neither have you filled me with the fat of your sacrifices ; but you have burdened me with your sins , you have wearied me with your iniquities .
judas the son of james ; and judas iscariot , who also became a traitor .
from thirty years old and upward until fifty years old shall you number them ; all who enter in to wait on the service , to do the work in the tent of meeting .
but i will settle him in my house and in my kingdom forever ; and his throne shall be established forever .
and it happened , as he sowed , some seed fell by the road , and the birds came and devoured it .
yahweh said to joshua , do n't fear them : for i have delivered them into your hands ; there shall not a man of them stand before you .
all sheep and oxen , yes , and the animals of the field ,
therefore , son of man , prophesy , and tell gog , thus says the lord yahweh : in that day when my people israel dwells securely , shall you not know it ?
solomon ruled over all the kingdoms from the river to the land of the philistines , and to the border of egypt : they brought tribute , and served solomon all the days of his life .
faithful are the wounds of a friend ; although the kisses of an enemy are profuse .
the idols shall utterly pass away .
he asked the scribes , what are you asking them ?
do n't forsake me , yahweh . my god , do n't be far from me .
but jesus answered them , you are mistaken , not knowing the scriptures , nor the power of god .
thus says the lord yahweh : in the first month , in the first day of the month , you shall take a young bull without blemish ; and you shall cleanse the sanctuary .
then zedekiah the king commanded , and they committed jeremiah into the court of the guard ; and they gave him daily a loaf of bread out of the bakers ' street , until all the bread in the city was spent . thus jeremiah remained in the court of the guard .
he said to his people , behold , the people of the children of israel are more and mightier than we .
it happened as they emptied their sacks , that behold , every man 's bundle of money was in his sack . when they and their father saw their bundles of money , they were afraid .
for this service of giving that you perform not only makes up for lack among the saints , but abounds also through many givings of thanks to god ;
into whatever house you enter , stay there , and depart from there .
we are of god . he who knows god listens to us . he who is not of god does n't listen to us . by this we know the spirit of truth , and the spirit of error .
and might deliver all of them who through fear of death were all their lifetime subject to bondage .
he will judge the poor of the people . he will save the children of the needy , and will break the oppressor in pieces .
also pull out some for her from the bundles , and leave it , and let her glean , and do n't rebuke her .
for you , yahweh of armies , the god of israel , have revealed to your servant , saying , i will build you a house : therefore has your servant found in his heart to pray this prayer to you .
thus shall you say to them , the gods that have not made the heavens and the earth , these shall perish from the earth , and from under the heavens .
he himself was in the stern , asleep on the cushion , and they woke him up , and told him , teacher , do n't you care that we are dying ?
the children struggled together within her . she said , if it be so , why do i live ? she went to inquire of yahweh .
the elders of jabesh said to him , give us seven days ' respite , that we may send messengers to all the borders of israel ; and then , if there be none to save us , we will come out to you .
instructing us to the intent that , denying ungodliness and worldly lusts , we would live soberly , righteously , and godly in this present world ;
it is not the great who are wise , nor the aged who understand justice .
what agreement has a temple of god with idols ? for you are a temple of the living god . even as god said , i will dwell in them , and walk in them ; and i will be their god , and they will be my people .
they spend their days in prosperity . in an instant they go down to sheol .
not for these only do i pray , but for those also who believe in me through their word ,
do n't lie to one another , seeing that you have put off the old man with his doings ,
but jesus , knowing this , said to them , why do you trouble the woman ? because she has done a good work for me .
the wing of the other cherub was five cubits , reaching to the wall of the house ; and the other wing was five cubits also , joining to the wing of the other cherub .
and in nothing frightened by the adversaries , which is for them a proof of destruction , but to you of salvation , and that from god .
i said , my strength is perished , and my expectation from yahweh .
david said to him , to whom belong you ? and whence are you ? he said , i am a young man of egypt , servant to an amalekite ; and my master left me , because three days ago i fell sick .
the levites shall answer , and tell all the men of israel with a loud voice ,
rehoboam lived in jerusalem , and built cities for defense in judah .
reuben answered them , saying , did n't i tell you , saying , do n't sin against the child , ' and you would n't listen ? therefore also , behold , his blood is required .
when joseph 's brothers saw that their father was dead , they said , it may be that joseph will hate us , and will fully pay us back for all of the evil which we did to him .
neither shall men break bread for them in mourning , to comfort them for the dead ; neither shall men give them the cup of consolation to drink for their father or for their mother .
behold , a certain man who had dropsy was in front of him .
he stood and cried to the armies of israel , and said to them , why are you come out to set your battle in array ? am i not a philistine , and you servants to saul ? choose you a man for you , and let him come down to me .
yes , if a man lives many years , let him rejoice in them all ; but let him remember the days of darkness , for they shall be many . all that comes is vanity .
son of man , what is this proverb that you have in the land of israel , saying , the days are prolonged , and every vision fails ?
i will lay it a wasteland . it wo n't be pruned nor hoed , but it will grow briers and thorns . i will also command the clouds that they rain no rain on it .
which he made to abound toward us in all wisdom and prudence ,
aaron was one hundred twenty - three years old when he died in mount hor .
god said , let there be lights in the expanse of sky to divide the day from the night ; and let them be for signs , and for seasons , and for days and years ;
if a man have two wives , the one beloved , and the other hated , and they have borne him children , both the beloved and the hated ; and if the firstborn son be hers who was hated ;
the singers the sons of asaph were in their place , according to the commandment of david , and asaph , and heman , and jeduthun the king 's seer ; and the porters were at every gate : they did n't need to depart from their service ; for their brothers the levites prepared for them .
david said to his men , gird you on every man his sword . they girded on every man his sword ; and david also girded on his sword : and there went up after david about four hundred men ; and two hundred abode by the baggage .
when they go , i will spread my net on them . i will bring them down like the birds of the sky . i will chastise them , as their congregation has heard .
but zerubbabel , and jeshua , and the rest of the heads of fathers ' houses of israel , said to them , you have nothing to do with us in building a house to our god ; but we ourselves together will build to yahweh , the god of israel , as king cyrus the king of persia has commanded us .
moreover the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
you shall wash your clothes on the seventh day , and you shall be clean ; and afterward you shall come into the camp .
but jehoiada the priest took a chest , and bored a hole in the lid of it , and set it beside the altar , on the right side as one comes into the house of yahweh : and the priests who kept the threshold put therein all the money that was brought into the house of yahweh .
my face is red with weeping . deep darkness is on my eyelids .
the priest shall offer the sin offering , and make atonement for him who is to be cleansed because of his uncleanness : and afterward he shall kill the burnt offering ;
my father , who has given them to me , is greater than all . no one is able to snatch them out of my father 's hand .
so they set them up micah 's engraved image which he made , all the time that the house of god was in shiloh .
when the child was grown , it fell on a day , that he went out to his father to the reapers .
jerusalem , jerusalem , that kills the prophets , and stones those who are sent to her ! how often i wanted to gather your children together , like a hen gathers her own brood under her wings , and you refused !
there came to him sadducees , who say that there is no resurrection . they asked him , saying ,
yahweh said to moses , take all the chiefs of the people , and hang them up to yahweh before the sun , that the fierce anger of yahweh may turn away from israel .
but they mocked the messengers of god , and despised his words , and scoffed at his prophets , until the wrath of yahweh arose against his people , until there was no remedy .
even those who were numbered of them , by their families , by their fathers ' houses , were two thousand six hundred thirty .
he said to him , which ones ? jesus said , you shall not murder . ' you shall not commit adultery . ' you shall not steal . ' you shall not offer false testimony . '
jesus answered them , did n't i choose you , the twelve , and one of you is a devil ?
for one will hardly die for a righteous man . yet perhaps for a righteous person someone would even dare to die .
i will open my mouth in a parable . i will utter dark sayings of old ,
take your father and your households , and come to me , and i will give you the good of the land of egypt , and you will eat the fat of the land . '
they struck the men who were at the door of the house with blindness , both small and great , so that they wearied themselves to find the door .
jacob said to him , my lord knows that the children are tender , and that the flocks and herds with me have their young , and if they overdrive them one day , all the flocks will die .
and your strength will be spent in vain ; for your land wo n't yield its increase , neither will the trees of the land yield their fruit .
rejoice you with jerusalem , and be glad for her , all you who love her : rejoice for joy with her , all you who mourn over her ;
the elders of the congregation shall lay their hands on the head of the bull before yahweh ; and the bull shall be killed before yahweh .
all nations shall call you blessed , for you will be a delightful land , says yahweh of armies .
in his days nebuchadnezzar king of babylon came up , and jehoiakim became his servant three years : then he turned and rebelled against him .
moreover of the children of the strangers who sojourn among you , of them you may buy , and of their families who are with you , which they have conceived in your land ; and they will be your property .
he charged us to preach to the people and to testify that this is he who is appointed by god as the judge of the living and the dead .
all the house of joseph , his brothers , and his father 's house . only their little ones , their flocks , and their herds , they left in the land of goshen .
you have not known him , but i know him . if i said , i do n't know him , ' i would be like you , a liar . but i know him , and keep his word .
and the lord make you to increase and abound in love one toward another , and toward all men , even as we also do toward you ,
after the uproar had ceased , paul sent for the disciples , took leave of them , and departed to go into macedonia .
jehoshaphat slept with his fathers , and was buried with his fathers in the city of david : and jehoram his son reigned in his place .
the anger of yahweh was kindled against israel , and he sold them into the hand of the philistines , and into the hand of the children of ammon .
for an unloved woman when she is married ; and a handmaid who is heir to her mistress .
they kill the widow and the alien , and murder the fatherless .
joab the son of zeruiah , and the servants of david , went out , and met them by the pool of gibeon ; and they sat down , the one on the one side of the pool , and the other on the other side of the pool .
some pour out gold from the bag , and weigh silver in the balance . they hire a goldsmith , and he makes it a god . they fall downyes , they worship .
he causes all , the small and the great , the rich and the poor , and the free and the slave , to be given marks on their right hands , or on their foreheads ;
in the meanwhile , the disciples urged him , saying , rabbi , eat .
and strip aaron of his garments , and put them on eleazar his son : and aaron shall be gathered to his people , and shall die there .
a voice came to him again the second time , what god has cleansed , you must not call unclean .
for my sighing comes before i eat , my groanings are poured out like water .
and cast him into the abyss , and shut it , and sealed it over him , that he should deceive the nations no more , until the thousand years were finished . after this , he must be freed for a short time .
tear your heart , and not your garments , and turn to yahweh , your god ; for he is gracious and merciful , slow to anger , and abundant in loving kindness , and relents from sending calamity .
i have trodden the winepress alone ; and of the peoples there was no man with me : yes , i trod them in my anger , and trampled them in my wrath ; and their lifeblood is sprinkled on my garments , and i have stained all my clothing .
be diligent to come to me soon ,
but he shall acknowledge the firstborn , the son of the hated , by giving him a double portion of all that he has ; for he is the beginning of his strength ; the right of the firstborn is his .
you shall not lie with any animal to defile yourself with it ; neither shall any woman give herself to an animal , to lie down with it : it is a perversion .
nor height , nor depth , nor any other created thing , will be able to separate us from the love of god , which is in christ jesus our lord .
better is the end of a thing than its beginning . the patient in spirit is better than the proud in spirit .
balak did as balaam had spoken ; and balak and balaam offered on every altar a bull and a ram .
the children of israel again did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh : and yahweh strengthened eglon the king of moab against israel , because they had done that which was evil in the sight of yahweh .
the tent , its outer covering , its roof , its clasps , its boards , its bars , its pillars , and its sockets ;
then he came , and he took it out of the right hand of him who sat on the throne .
saying , prophesy to us , you christ ! who hit you ?
yahweh said to moses , yet one plague more will i bring on pharaoh , and on egypt ; afterwards he will let you go . when he lets you go , he will surely thrust you out altogether .
i took your sin , the calf which you had made , and burnt it with fire , and stamped it , grinding it very small , until it was as fine as dust : and i cast the dust of it into the brook that descended out of the mountain .
make me savory food , such as i love , and bring it to me , that i may eat , and that my soul may bless you before i die .
my son , give me your heart ; and let your eyes keep in my ways .
do n't speak against one another , brothers . he who speaks against a brother and judges his brother , speaks against the law and judges the law . but if you judge the law , you are not a doer of the law , but a judge .
they began to accuse him , saying , we found this man perverting the nation , forbidding paying taxes to caesar , and saying that he himself is christ , a king .
forty - one years reigned he in jerusalem : and his mother 's name was maacah the daughter of abishalom .
the words of jeremiah the son of hilkiah , of the priests who were in anathoth in the land of benjamin :
now david fled , and escaped , and came to samuel to ramah , and told him all that saul had done to him . he and samuel went and lived in naioth .
a man of many companions may be ruined , but there is a friend who sticks closer than a brother .
have the workers of iniquity no knowledge , who eat up my people as they eat bread , and do n't call on god ?
david sent messengers to the men of jabesh gilead , and said to them , blessed be you of yahweh , that you have shown this kindness to your lord , even to saul , and have buried him .
he blessed him , and said , blessed be abram of god most high , possessor of heaven and earth :
having eyes full of adultery , and who ca n't cease from sin ; enticing unsettled souls ; having a heart trained in greed ; children of cursing ;
we know and have believed the love which god has for us . god is love , and he who remains in love remains in god , and god remains in him .
that it might take hold of the ends of the earth , and shake the wicked out of it ?
when he rose up from his prayer , he came to the disciples , and found them sleeping because of grief ,
the watchman said , i think the running of the foremost is like the running of ahimaaz the son of zadok . the king said , he is a good man , and comes with good news .
behold , the acts of asa , first and last , behold , they are written in the book of the kings of judah and israel .
wo n't i in that day , says yahweh , destroy the wise men out of edom , and understanding out of the mountain of esau ?
in the day of my trouble i sought the lord . my hand was stretched out in the night , and did n't get tired . my soul refused to be comforted .
yahweh rewarded me according to my righteousness ; according to the cleanness of my hands has he recompensed me .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
then joshua called the reubenites , and the gadites , and the half - tribe of manasseh ,
he said to the levites who taught all israel , who were holy to yahweh , put the holy ark in the house which solomon the son of david king of israel did build ; there shall no more be a burden on your shoulders : now serve yahweh your god , and his people israel .
they all as one began to make excuses . the first said to him , i have bought a field , and i must go and see it . please have me excused . '
i will stretch out my hand against judah , and against all the inhabitants of jerusalem . i will cut off the remnant of baal from this place : the name of the idolatrous and pagan priests ,
then shall your light break forth as the morning , and your healing shall spring forth speedily ; and your righteousness shall go before you ; the glory of yahweh shall be your rear guard .
your children shall be wanderers in the wilderness forty years , and shall bear your prostitution , until your dead bodies be consumed in the wilderness .
while i am in the world , i am the light of the world .
his ways are prosperous at all times ; he is haughty , and your laws are far from his sight : as for all his adversaries , he sneers at them .
not that we are sufficient of ourselves , to account anything as from ourselves ; but our sufficiency is from god ;
the six hundred men girt with their weapons of war , who were of the children of dan , stood by the entrance of the gate .
they ought to have been here before you , and to make accusation , if they had anything against me .
for the children of israel and the children of levi shall bring the wave offering of the grain , of the new wine , and of the oil , to the chambers , where are the vessels of the sanctuary , and the priests who minister , and the porters , and the singers : and we will not forsake the house of our god .
the five men who went to spy out the land went up , and came in there , and took the engraved image , and the ephod , and the teraphim , and the molten image : and the priest stood by the entrance of the gate with the six hundred men girt with weapons of war .
am i a god at hand , says yahweh , and not a god afar off ?
josiah was eight years old when he began to reign ; and he reigned thirty - one years in jerusalem .
your lips , my bride , drip like the honeycomb . honey and milk are under your tongue . the smell of your garments is like the smell of lebanon .
it will happen at the harvests , that you shall give a fifth to pharaoh , and four parts will be your own , for seed of the field , for your food , for them of your households , and for food for your little ones .
there was a certain jew in shushan the palace , whose name was mordecai , the son of jair , the son of shimei , the son of kish , a benjamite ,
a sword shall come on egypt , and anguish shall be in ethiopia , when the slain shall fall in egypt ; and they shall take away her multitude , and her foundations shall be broken down .
pour out your wrath on the nations that do n't know you ; on the kingdoms that do n't call on your name ;
king solomon raised a levy out of all israel ; and the levy was thirty thousand men .
do n't receive an accusation against an elder , except at the word of two or three witnesses .
the deep says , it is n't in me . ' the sea says , it is n't with me . '
the fish that are in the river shall die , and the river shall become foul ; and the egyptians shall loathe to drink water from the river . '
the lord announced the word . the ones who proclaim it are a great company .
aaron shall lay both his hands on the head of the live goat , and confess over him all the iniquities of the children of israel , and all their transgressions , even all their sins ; and he shall put them on the head of the goat , and shall send him away into the wilderness by the hand of a man who is in readiness .
isaac came from the way of beer lahai roi , for he lived in the land of the south .
the priest 's heart was glad , and he took the ephod , and the teraphim , and the engraved image , and went in the midst of the people .
the thin heads of grain swallowed up the seven healthy and full ears . pharaoh awoke , and behold , it was a dream .
but thomas , one of the twelve , called didymus , was n't with them when jesus came .
until the time that his word happened , and yahweh 's word proved him true .
ezra the priest stood up , and said to them , you have trespassed , and have married foreign women , to increase the guilt of israel .
but israel , following after a law of righteousness , did n't arrive at the law of righteousness .
the keeper of the prison did n't look after anything that was under his hand , because yahweh was with him ; and that which he did , yahweh made it prosper .
brothers , i may tell you freely of the patriarch david , that he both died and was buried , and his tomb is with us to this day .
six days shall work be done , but on the seventh day is a sabbath of solemn rest , holy to yahweh . whoever does any work on the sabbath day shall surely be put to death .
he shall kill the lamb of the trespass offering . the priest shall take some of the blood of the trespass offering and put it on the tip of the right ear of him who is to be cleansed , and on the thumb of his right hand , and on the big toe of his right foot .
i , jesus , have sent my angel to testify these things to you for the assemblies . i am the root and the offspring of david ; the bright and morning star .
everyone therefore who confesses me before men , him i will also confess before my father who is in heaven .
but jehoshaphat said , is n't there here a prophet of yahweh , that we may inquire of yahweh by him ? one of the king of israel 's servants answered , elisha the son of shaphat is here , who poured water on the hands of elijah .
when abner was returned to hebron , joab took him aside into the midst of the gate to speak with him quietly , and struck him there in the body , so that he died , for the blood of asahel his brother .
be strong and of good courage ; for you shall cause this people to inherit the land which i swore to their fathers to give them .
yet it pleased yahweh to bruise him ; he has put him to grief : when you shall make his soul an offering for sin , he shall see his seed , he shall prolong his days , and the pleasure of yahweh shall prosper in his hand .
moses took the rod from before yahweh , as he commanded him .
she laid up his garment by her , until his master came home .
his lord said to him , well done , good and faithful servant . you have been faithful over a few things , i will set you over many things . enter into the joy of your lord . '
they asked baruch , saying , tell us now , how did you write all these words at his mouth ?
they sent a letter to him , in which was written thus : to darius the king , all peace .
the wind blows where it wants to , and you hear its sound , but do n't know where it comes from and where it is going . so is everyone who is born of the spirit .
he went on his journeys from the south even to bethel , to the place where his tent had been at the beginning , between bethel and ai ,
but have lifted up yourself against the lord of heaven ; and they have brought the vessels of his house before you , and you and your lords , your wives and your concubines , have drunk wine from them ; and you have praised the gods of silver and gold , of brass , iron , wood , and stone , which do n't see , nor hear , nor know ; and the god in whose hand your breath is , and whose are all your ways , you have not glorified .
therefore hear now this , you afflicted , and drunken , but now with wine :
from now on , let no one cause me any trouble , for i bear the marks of the lord jesus branded on my body .
if you shall keep all this commandment to do it , which i command you this day , to love yahweh your god , and to walk ever in his ways ; then shall you add three cities more for you , besides these three :
then achish gave him ziklag that day : why ziklag pertains to the kings of judah to this day .
the kings of the earth , the princes , the commanding officers , the rich , the strong , and every slave and free person , hid themselves in the caves and in the rocks of the mountains .
my eye shall not spare you , neither will i have pity ; but i will bring your ways on you , and your abominations shall be in the midst of you : and you shall know that i am yahweh .
then his sister said to pharaoh 's daughter , should i go and call a nurse for you from the hebrew women , that she may nurse the child for you ?
then i looked , and see , in the expanse that was over the head of the cherubim there appeared above them as it were a sapphire stone , as the appearance of the likeness of a throne .
let them vanish as water that flows away . when they draw the bow , let their arrows be made blunt .
my heart was hot within me . while i meditated , the fire burned : i spoke with my tongue :
when they had appointed elders for them in every assembly , and had prayed with fasting , they commended them to the lord , on whom they had believed .
not everyone who says to me , lord , lord , ' will enter into the kingdom of heaven ; but he who does the will of my father who is in heaven .
thus said yahweh to me : go , and stand in the gate of the children of the people , through which the kings of judah come in , and by which they go out , and in all the gates of jerusalem ;
there is silver beaten into plates , which is brought from tarshish , and gold from uphaz , the work of the artificer and of the hands of the goldsmith ; blue and purple for their clothing ; they are all the work of skillful men .
this is the message which we have heard from him and announce to you , that god is light , and in him is no darkness at all .
turn your ear , and listen to the words of the wise . apply your heart to my teaching .
let them be desolate by reason of their shame that tell me , aha ! aha !
yes , and all who desire to live godly in christ jesus will suffer persecution .
david took from him one thousand seven hundred horsemen , and twenty thousand footmen : and david hamstrung all the chariot horses , but reserved of them for one hundred chariots .
the children of israel spoke to moses , saying , behold , we perish , we are undone , we are all undone .
the word which came to jeremiah from yahweh , when king zedekiah sent to him pashhur the son of malchijah , and zephaniah the son of maaseiah , the priest , saying ,
after this it happened , that david struck the philistines , and subdued them , and took gath and its towns out of the hand of the philistines .
now he said this , not because he cared for the poor , but because he was a thief , and having the money box , used to steal what was put into it .
the men of israel and of judah arose , and shouted , and pursued the philistines , until you come to gai , and to the gates of ekron . the wounded of the philistines fell down by the way to shaaraim , even to gath , and to ekron .
who also sealed us , and gave us the down payment of the spirit in our hearts .
ezra the scribe stood on a pulpit of wood , which they had made for the purpose ; and beside him stood mattithiah , and shema , and anaiah , and uriah , and hilkiah , and maaseiah , on his right hand ; and on his left hand , pedaiah , and mishael , and malchijah , and hashum , and hashbaddanah , zechariah , and meshullam .
in a dream , in a vision of the night , when deep sleep falls on men , in slumbering on the bed ;
one golden ladle of ten shekels , full of incense ;
above all , taking up the shield of faith , with which you will be able to quench all the fiery darts of the evil one .
what i tell you in the darkness , speak in the light ; and what you hear whispered in the ear , proclaim on the housetops .
my lips shall shout for joy ! my soul , which you have redeemed , sings praises to you !
bearing with one another , and forgiving each other , if any man has a complaint against any ; even as christ forgave you , so you also do .
the mirth of tambourines ceases . the sound of those who rejoice ends . the joy of the harp ceases .
i will make your pinnacles of rubies , and your gates of emeralds , and all your border of precious stones .
also for the sons of aaron the priests , who were in the fields of the suburbs of their cities , in every city , there were men who were mentioned by name , to give portions to all the males among the priests , and to all who were reckoned by genealogy among the levites .
and that you make it your ambition to lead a quiet life , and to do your own business , and to work with your own hands , even as we charged you ;
on the day of our king , the princes made themselves sick with the heat of wine . he joined his hand with mockers .
they go from strength to strength . everyone of them appears before god in zion .
the bloodthirsty hate a man of integrity ; and they seek the life of the upright .
therefore is my harp turned to mourning , and my pipe into the voice of those who weep .
now the apostles and the brothers who were in judea heard that the gentiles had also received the word of god .
then samuel took the horn of oil , and anointed him in the midst of his brothers : and the spirit of yahweh came mightily on david from that day forward . so samuel rose up , and went to ramah .
yahweh your god will make you plenteous in all the work of your hand , in the fruit of your body , and in the fruit of your livestock , and in the fruit of your ground , for good : for yahweh will again rejoice over you for good , as he rejoiced over your fathers ;
but our god is in the heavens . he does whatever he pleases .
in his days pharaoh necoh king of egypt went up against the king of assyria to the river euphrates : and king josiah went against him ; and pharaoh necoh killed him at megiddo , when he had seen him .
for you are my lamp , yahweh ; yahweh will lighten my darkness .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
to whom our fathers would n't be obedient , but rejected him , and turned back in their hearts to egypt ,
therefore , o king , let my counsel be acceptable to you , and break off your sins by righteousness , and your iniquities by showing mercy to the poor ; if there may be a lengthening of your tranquillity .
he cropped off the topmost of the young twigs of it , and carried it to a land of traffic ; he set it in a city of merchants .
in the first year of cyrus the king , cyrus the king made a decree : concerning the house of god at jerusalem , let the house be built , the place where they offer sacrifices , and let the foundations of it be strongly laid ; the height of it sixty cubits , and the breadth of it sixty cubits ;
thus says the lord yahweh : if the prince give a gift to any of his sons , it is his inheritance , it shall belong to his sons ; it is their possession by inheritance .
then the kingdom of heaven will be like ten virgins , who took their lamps , and went out to meet the bridegroom .
so will i break down the wall that you have daubed with whitewash , and bring it down to the ground , so that the foundation of it shall be uncovered ; and it shall fall , and you shall be consumed in the midst of it : and you shall know that i am yahweh .
abraham circumcised his son , isaac , when he was eight days old , as god had commanded him .
he restored the eleven hundred pieces of silver to his mother ; and his mother said , i most assuredly dedicate the silver to yahweh from my hand for my son , to make an engraved image and a molten image : now therefore i will restore it to you .
the likeness of anything that creeps on the ground , the likeness of any fish that is in the water under the earth ;
only the tribe of levi you shall not number , neither shall you take a census of them among the children of israel ;
according as it is written , god gave them a spirit of stupor , eyes that they should not see , and ears that they should not hear , to this very day .
listen to me , house of jacob , and all the remnant of the house of israel , that have been borne by me from their birth , that have been carried from the womb ;
son of man , set your face toward the mountains of israel , and prophesy to them ,
a woman , when she gives birth , has sorrow , because her time has come . but when she has delivered the child , she does n't remember the anguish any more , for the joy that a human being is born into the world .
all the people shall hear , and fear , and do no more presumptuously .
one of the seven angels who had the seven bowls came and spoke with me , saying , come here . i will show you the judgment of the great prostitute who sits on many waters ,
but when the jews spoke against it , i was constrained to appeal to caesar , not that i had anything about which to accuse my nation .
but you , yahweh , have mercy on me , and raise me up , that i may repay them .
they went in to the king into the court ; but they had laid up the scroll in the chamber of elishama the scribe ; and they told all the words in the ears of the king .
he said , tomorrow . he said , be it according to your word , that you may know that there is none like yahweh our god .
however the king of the children of ammon did n't listen to the words of jephthah which he sent him .
jesus entered into the temple in jerusalem . when he had looked around at everything , it being now evening , he went out to bethany with the twelve .
jotham slept with his fathers , and they buried him in the city of david : and ahaz his son reigned in his place .
when they came to the threshing floor of chidon , uzza put forth his hand to hold the ark ; for the oxen stumbled .
all our enemies have opened their mouth wide against us .
blessed is he who considers the poor : yahweh will deliver him in the day of evil .
in you have they uncovered their fathers ' nakedness ; in you have they humbled her who was unclean in her impurity .
whoever lives and believes in me will never die . do you believe this ?
you are yahweh , even you alone ; you have made heaven , the heaven of heavens , with all their army , the earth and all things that are thereon , the seas and all that is in them , and you preserve them all ; and the army of heaven worships you .
therefore he sacrifices to his net , and burns incense to his dragnet , because by them his life is luxurious , and his food is good .
but you , brothers , are n't in darkness , that the day should overtake you like a thief .
how he was caught up into paradise , and heard unspeakable words , which it is not lawful for a man to utter .
it may be they will listen , and turn every man from his evil way ; that i may repent me of the evil which i purpose to do to them because of the evil of their doings .
if you were of the world , the world would love its own . but because you are not of the world , since i chose you out of the world , therefore the world hates you .
therefore do n't be like them , for your father knows what things you need , before you ask him .
god came to balaam , and said , what men are these with you ?
if the spirit of the ruler rises up against you , do n't leave your place ; for gentleness lays great offenses to rest .
he rebukes the sea , and makes it dry , and dries up all the rivers . bashan languishes , and carmel ; and the flower of lebanon languishes .
do n't be among ones drinking too much wine , or those who gorge themselves on meat :
so the king of israel went , and the king of judah , and the king of edom ; and they made a circuit of seven days ' journey : and there was no water for the army , nor for the animals that followed them .
now while the bridegroom delayed , they all slumbered and slept .
yahweh said , who shall entice ahab , that he may go up and fall at ramoth gilead ? one said on this manner ; and another said on that manner .
those who were numbered of the sons of gershon , their families , and by their fathers ' houses ,
he who corrects a mocker invites insult . he who reproves a wicked man invites abuse .
remember , i beg you , that you have fashioned me as clay . will you bring me into dust again ?
then the spirit entered into me , and set me on my feet ; and he spoke with me , and said to me , go , shut yourself within your house .
the children of israel did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh , and forgot yahweh their god , and served the baals and the asheroth .
when they could not come near to him for the crowd , they removed the roof where he was . when they had broken it up , they let down the mat that the paralytic was lying on .
concerning the good news , they are enemies for your sake . but concerning the election , they are beloved for the fathers ' sake .
as for the earth , out of it comes bread ; underneath it is turned up as it were by fire .
though wickedness is sweet in his mouth , though he hide it under his tongue ,
say among the nations , yahweh reigns . the world is also established . it ca n't be moved . he will judge the peoples with equity .
for indeed i bend judah as a bow for me . i have filled the bow with ephraim ; and i will stir up your sons , zion , against your sons , greece , and will make you like the sword of a mighty man .
let our people also learn to maintain good works for necessary uses , that they may not be unfruitful .
for if you shall diligently keep all this commandment which i command you , to do it , to love yahweh your god , to walk in all his ways , and to cleave to him ;
one male goat for a sin offering ;
for you will bless the righteous . yahweh , you will surround him with favor as with a shield .
of the tribe of zebulun twelve thousand , of the tribe of joseph twelve thousand , of the tribe of benjamin were sealed twelve thousand .
when much time had passed and the voyage was now dangerous , because the fast had now already gone by , paul admonished them ,
the dogs shall eat jezebel in the portion of jezreel , and there shall be none to bury her . he opened the door , and fled .
seven weeks shall you number to you : from the time you begin to put the sickle to the standing grain shall you begin to number seven weeks .
he said , yah has sworn : yahweh will have war with amalek from generation to generation . '
for has any said to god , i am guilty , but i will not offend any more .
the construction of its wall was jasper . the city was pure gold , like pure glass .
men will dwell therein , and there will be no more curse ; but jerusalem will dwell safely .
now when jesus heard that john was delivered up , he withdrew into galilee .
it shall be a perpetual statute to them : and he who sprinkles the water for impurity shall wash his clothes , and he who touches the water for impurity shall be unclean until even .
this is the day that yahweh has made . we will rejoice and be glad in it !
judah went up ; and yahweh delivered the canaanites and the perizzites into their hand : and they struck of them in bezek ten thousand men .
he said to another , follow me ! but he said , lord , allow me first to go and bury my father .
i shall be condemned ; why then do i labor in vain ?
you shall walk after yahweh your god , and fear him , and keep his commandments , and obey his voice , and you shall serve him , and cleave to him .
look at zion , the city of our appointed festivals . your eyes will see jerusalem , a quiet habitation , a tent that wo n't be removed . its stakes will never be plucked up , nor will any of its cords be broken .
and he said , if esau comes to the one company , and strikes it , then the company which is left will escape .
there shall you remember your ways , and all your doings , in which you have polluted yourselves ; and you shall loathe yourselves in your own sight for all your evils that you have committed .
the rich shall not give more , and the poor shall not give less , than the half shekel , when they give the offering of yahweh , to make atonement for your souls .
he erected an altar there , and called it el elohe israel .
the servants of saul told him , saying , on this manner spoke david .
for i am with you , says yahweh , to save you : for i will make a full end of all the nations where i have scattered you , but i will not make a full end of you ; but i will correct you in measure , and will in no way leave you unpunished .
and love the place of honor at feasts , the best seats in the synagogues ,
the people went out , and plundered the camp of the syrians . so a measure of fine flour was sold for a shekel , and two measures of barley for a shekel , according to the word of yahweh .
for the house of israel and the house of judah have dealt very treacherously against me , says yahweh .
cursed be he who lies with his mother - in - law . all the people shall say , amen .
again , when you have accomplished these , you shall lie on your right side , and shall bear the iniquity of the house of judah : forty days , each day for a year , have i appointed it to you .
but concerning the times and the seasons , brothers , you have no need that anything be written to you .
and the inhabitants of one shall go to another , saying , let us go speedily to entreat the favor of yahweh , and to seek yahweh of armies . i will go also . '
he humbled you , and allowed you to hunger , and fed you with manna , which you did n't know , neither did your fathers know ; that he might make you know that man does not live by bread only , but by everything that proceeds out of the mouth of yahweh does man live .
then call , and i will answer ; or let me speak , and you answer me .
who covers the sky with clouds , who prepares rain for the earth , who makes grass grow on the mountains .
solomon told her all her questions ; and there was not anything hid from solomon which he did n't tell her .
in whom you also are built together for a habitation of god in the spirit .
what has been done this day , so yahweh has commanded to do , to make atonement for you .
but as for me , i know that my redeemer lives . in the end , he will stand upon the earth .
but all the girls , who have not known man by lying with him , keep alive for yourselves .
watch therefore , for you do n't know in what hour your lord comes .
for nothing is hidden , that will not be revealed ; nor anything secret , that will not be known and come to light .
and the border shall turn about from azmon to the brook of egypt , and the goings out of it shall be at the sea .
he looked , and behold , there was at his head a cake baked on the coals , and a jar of water . he ate and drink , and laid him down again .
sing , barren , you who did n't bear ; break forth into singing , and cry aloud , you who did not travail with child : for more are the children of the desolate than the children of the married wife , says yahweh .
go up to the mountain , bring wood , and build the house . i will take pleasure in it , and i will be glorified , says yahweh .
you shall not lend him your money at interest , nor give him your food for profit .
jeroboam said in his heart , now will the kingdom return to the house of david :
i have no need for a bull from your stall , nor male goats from your pens .
for you have forgotten the god of your salvation , and have not remembered the rock of your strength . therefore you plant pleasant plants , and set out foreign seedlings .
the servants of the householder came and said to him , sir , did n't you sow good seed in your field ? where did this darnel come from ? '
when it was day , he departed and went into an uninhabited place , and the multitudes looked for him , and came to him , and held on to him , so that he would n't go away from them .
sing to yahweh ! bless his name ! proclaim his salvation from day to day !
he will consume the glory of his forest , and of his fruitful field , both soul and body . it will be as when a standard bearer faints .
so the posts went with the letters from the king and his princes throughout all israel and judah , and according to the commandment of the king , saying , you children of israel , turn again to yahweh , the god of abraham , isaac , and israel , that he may return to the remnant that have escaped of you out of the hand of the kings of assyria .
they have passed away as the swift ships , as the eagle that swoops on the prey .
esther 's maidens and her chamberlains came and told it her ; and the queen was exceedingly grieved : and she sent clothing to clothe mordecai , and to take his sackcloth from off him ; but he did n't receive it .
i thought to disclose it to you , saying , buy it before those who sit here , and before the elders of my people . if you will redeem it , redeem it : but if you will not redeem it , then tell me , that i may know ; for there is none to redeem it besides you ; and i am after you . he said , i will redeem it .
everyone , with whom was found blue , purple , scarlet , fine linen , goats ' hair , rams ' skins dyed red , and sea cow hides , brought them .
yahweh did according to the word of moses , and the frogs died out of the houses , out of the courts , and out of the fields .
so all the men of israel went up from following david , and followed sheba the son of bichri ; but the men of judah joined with their king , from the jordan even to jerusalem .
when all the kings who were servants to hadarezer saw that they were put to the worse before israel , they made peace with israel , and served them . so the syrians feared to help the children of ammon any more .
david commanded to gather together the foreigners who were in the land of israel ; and he set masons to hew worked stones to build the house of god .
but ishmael the son of nethaniah escaped from johanan with eight men , and went to the children of ammon .
there ran a young man , and told moses , and said , eldad and medad do prophesy in the camp .
there is a way which seems right to a man , but in the end it leads to death .
and because he did n't need for anyone to testify concerning man ; for he himself knew what was in man .
you shall not eat any blood , whether it is of bird or of animal , in any of your dwellings .
he struck moab , and measured them with the line , making them to lie down on the ground ; and he measured two lines to put to death , and one full line to keep alive . the moabites became servants to david , and brought tribute .
ask a sign of yahweh your god ; ask it either in the depth , or in the height above .
turn you us to you , yahweh , and we shall be turned ; renew our days as of old .
flee for safety , you children of benjamin , out of the midst of jerusalem , and blow the trumpet in tekoa , and raise up a signal on beth haccherem ; for evil looks forth from the north , and a great destruction .
there is a generation whose teeth are like swords , and their jaws like knives , to devour the poor from the earth , and the needy from among men .
then he will say also to those on the left hand , depart from me , you cursed , into the eternal fire which is prepared for the devil and his angels ;
for we are not as so many , peddling the word of god . but as of sincerity , but as of god , in the sight of god , we speak in christ .
and we will cut wood out of lebanon , as much as you shall need ; and we will bring it to you in floats by sea to joppa ; and you shall carry it up to jerusalem .
daniel spoke and said , i saw in my vision by night , and , behold , the four winds of the sky broke forth on the great sea .
that which is crooked ca n't be made straight ; and that which is lacking ca n't be counted .
he has violently taken away his tent , as if it were of a garden ; he has destroyed his place of assembly : yahweh has caused solemn assembly and sabbath to be forgotten in zion , has despised in the indignation of his anger the king and the priest .
looking around at those who sat around him , he said , behold , my mother and my brothers !
yahweh was very angry with aaron to destroy him : and i prayed for aaron also at the same time .
in this confidence , i was determined to come first to you , that you might have a second benefit ;
but they did n't understand this saying . it was concealed from them , that they should not perceive it , and they were afraid to ask him about this saying .
in the third month after the children of israel had gone forth out of the land of egypt , on that same day they came into the wilderness of sinai .
remember lot 's wife !
according to all these words , and according to all this vision , so did nathan speak to david .
for you all can prophesy one by one , that all may learn , and all may be exhorted .
they shall teach jacob your ordinances , israel your law : they shall put incense before you , whole burnt offering on your altar .
and he went after the man of israel into the pavilion , and thrust both of them through , the man of israel , and the woman through her body . so the plague was stayed from the children of israel .
she gave the king one hundred and twenty talents of gold , and spices in great abundance , and precious stones : neither was there any such spice as the queen of sheba gave to king solomon .
afterward moses and aaron came , and said to pharaoh , this is what yahweh , the god of israel , says , let my people go , that they may hold a feast to me in the wilderness . '
all the firstborn males that are born of your herd and of your flock you shall sanctify to yahweh your god : you shall do no work with the firstborn of your herd , nor shear the firstborn of your flock .
let no man therefore judge you in eating , or in drinking , or with respect to a feast day or a new moon or a sabbath day ,
you have multiplied your slain in this city , and you have filled the streets of it with the slain .
she said to him , not so , because this great wrong in putting me forth is worse than the other that you did to me . but he would not listen to her .
then hear you in heaven , and do , and judge your servants , condemning the wicked , to bring his way on his own head , and justifying the righteous , to give him according to his righteousness .
moreover you shall tell them , thus says yahweh : shall men fall , and not rise up again ? shall one turn away , and not return ?
they did n't thirst when he led them through the deserts ; he caused the waters to flow out of the rock for them ; he split the rock also , and the waters gushed out .
now therefore thus says yahweh , you shall not come down from the bed where you are gone up , but shall surely die . elijah departed .
at that time hanani the seer came to asa king of judah , and said to him , because you have relied on the king of syria , and have not relied on yahweh your god , therefore is the army of the king of syria escaped out of your hand .
let no man say when he is tempted , i am tempted by god , for god ca n't be tempted by evil , and he himself tempts no one .
set a wicked man over him . let an adversary stand at his right hand .
in the twelfth year of joram the son of ahab king of israel did ahaziah the son of jehoram king of judah begin to reign .
asa did that which was good and right in the eyes of yahweh his god :
oh the depth of the riches both of the wisdom and the knowledge of god ! how unsearchable are his judgments , and his ways past tracing out !
then eliashib the high priest rose up with his brothers the priests , and they built the sheep gate ; they sanctified it , and set up the doors of it ; even to the tower of hammeah they sanctified it , to the tower of hananel .
of the one thousand seven hundred seventy - five shekels he made hooks for the pillars , overlaid their capitals , and made fillets for them .
for your servant david 's sake , do n't turn away the face of your anointed one .
i was alive apart from the law once , but when the commandment came , sin revived , and i died .
the king and his men went to jerusalem against the jebusites , the inhabitants of the land , who spoke to david , saying , except you take away the blind and the lame , you shall not come in here ; thinking , david ca n't come in here .
also day by day , from the first day to the last day , he read in the book of the law of god . they kept the feast seven days ; and on the eighth day was a solemn assembly , according to the ordinance .
behold , i will do a new thing ; now shall it spring forth ; shall you not know it ? i will even make a way in the wilderness , and rivers in the desert .
turn my eyes away from looking at worthless things . revive me in your ways .
among whom you are also called to belong to jesus christ ;
for the canaanites and all the inhabitants of the land will hear of it , and will compass us round , and cut off our name from the earth : and what will you do for your great name ?
who have kept with your servant david my father that which you did promise him : yes , you spoke with your mouth , and have fulfilled it with your hand , as it is this day .
know that yahweh , he is god . it is he who has made us , and we are his . we are his people , and the sheep of his pasture .
there was no water for the congregation : and they assembled themselves together against moses and against aaron .
for what the law could n't do , in that it was weak through the flesh , god did , sending his own son in the likeness of sinful flesh and for sin , he condemned sin in the flesh ;
how long will you hunt for words ? consider , and afterwards we will speak .
arise , god , judge the earth , for you inherit all of the nations .
that i will break the assyrian in my land , and tread him under foot on my mountains . then his yoke will leave them , and his burden leave their shoulders .
but the unclean spirit , when he is gone out of the man , passes through waterless places , seeking rest , and does n't find it .
he will come and destroy these farmers , and will give the vineyard to others . when they heard it , they said , may it never be !
my son , listen to your father 's instruction , and do n't forsake your mother 's teaching :
jacob came in peace to the city of shechem , which is in the land of canaan , when he came from paddan aram ; and encamped before the city .
menahem slept with his fathers ; and pekahiah his son reigned in his place .
the scribes and the pharisees watched him , to see whether he would heal on the sabbath , that they might find an accusation against him .
but if they are questions about words and names and your own law , look to it yourselves . for i do n't want to be a judge of these matters .
amaziah the son of joash king of judah lived after the death of jehoash son of jehoahaz king of israel fifteen years .
the tribes of israel sent men through all the tribe of benjamin , saying , what wickedness is this that is happen among you ?
jesus said , father , forgive them , for they do n't know what they are doing . dividing his garments among them , they cast lots .
my breath is offensive to my wife . i am loathsome to the children of my own mother .
the children of israel set forward according to their journeys out of the wilderness of sinai ; and the cloud abode in the wilderness of paran .
happy are your men , happy are these your servants , who stand continually before you , and who hear your wisdom .
but after that our fathers had provoked the god of heaven to wrath , he gave them into the hand of nebuchadnezzar king of babylon , the chaldean , who destroyed this house , and carried the people away into babylon .
behold , the day , behold , it comes : your doom is gone forth ; the rod has blossomed , pride has budded .
shout against her round about : she has submitted herself ; her bulwarks are fallen , her walls are thrown down ; for it is the vengeance of yahweh : take vengeance on her ; as she has done , do to her .
the archers shot at king josiah ; and the king said to his servants , have me away ; for i am sore wounded .
for the good which i desire , i do n't do ; but the evil which i do n't desire , that i practice .
i am yahweh , your god , who brought you up out of the land of egypt . open your mouth wide , and i will fill it .
when he had said this , he breathed on them , and said to them , receive the holy spirit !
saul and all the people who were with him were gathered together , and came to the battle : and behold , every man 's sword was against his fellow , and there was a very great confusion .
an unfriendly man pursues selfishness , and defies all sound judgment .
apply your heart to instruction , and your ears to the words of knowledge .
he taught them many things in parables , and told them in his teaching ,
take you heed everyone of his neighbor , and do n't you trust in any brother ; for every brother will utterly supplant , and every neighbor will go about with slanders .
i am a stranger on the earth . do n't hide your commandments from me .
the ransomed of yahweh shall return , and come with singing to zion ; and everlasting joy shall be on their heads : they shall obtain gladness and joy ; and sorrow and sighing shall flee away .
the sixth poured out his bowl on the great river , the euphrates . its water was dried up , that the way might be made ready for the kings that come from the sunrise .
now my eyes shall be open , and my ears attentive , to the prayer that is made in this place .
so i have seen you in the sanctuary , watching your power and your glory .
now after i had delivered the deed of the purchase to baruch the son of neriah , i prayed to yahweh , saying ,
you have increased the nation , o yahweh . you have increased the nation ! you are glorified ! you have enlarged all the borders of the land .
at that time , jesus answered , i thank you , father , lord of heaven and earth , that you hid these things from the wise and understanding , and revealed them to infants .
jesus answered him , because i told you , i saw you underneath the fig tree , ' do you believe ? you will see greater things than these !
david said to jonathan , behold , tomorrow is the new moon , and i should not fail to sit with the king at meat : but let me go , that i may hide myself in the field to the third day at evening .
so they sat down with him on the ground seven days and seven nights , and none spoke a word to him , for they saw that his grief was very great .
they prepare the table . they set the watch . they eat . they drink . rise up , you princes , oil the shield !
no one sews a piece of unshrunk cloth on an old garment , or else the patch shrinks and the new tears away from the old , and a worse hole is made .
then the word of yahweh came to jeremiah , after that the king had burned the scroll , and the words which baruch wrote at the mouth of jeremiah , saying ,
do n't withhold your tender mercies from me , yahweh . let your loving kindness and your truth continually preserve me .
my brothers have dealt deceitfully as a brook , as the channel of brooks that pass away ;
and how will they preach unless they are sent ? as it is written : how beautiful are the feet of those who preach the good news of peace , who bring glad tidings of good things !
for the day of yahweh is near all the nations ! as you have done , it will be done to you . your deeds will return upon your own head .
the farmer went out to sow his seed . as he sowed , some fell along the road , and it was trampled under foot , and the birds of the sky devoured it .
you are good , and do good . teach me your statutes .
he spread the covering over the tent , and put the roof of the tent above on it , as yahweh commanded moses .
he who implanted the ear , wo n't he hear ? he who formed the eye , wo n't he see ?
he closed the book , gave it back to the attendant , and sat down . the eyes of all in the synagogue were fastened on him .
the philistines stood on the mountain on the one side , and israel stood on the mountain on the other side : and there was a valley between them .
we have a little sister . she has no breasts . what shall we do for our sister in the day when she is to be spoken for ?
he said to me , son of man , go , get you to the house of israel , and speak with my words to them .
show me the tax money . they brought to him a denarius .
he carried out there all the treasures of the house of yahweh , and the treasures of the king 's house , and cut in pieces all the vessels of gold , which solomon king of israel had made in the temple of yahweh , as yahweh had said .
you have taken my friends from me . you have made me an abomination to them . i am confined , and i ca n't escape .
and cinnamon , incense , perfume , frankincense , wine , olive oil , fine flour , wheat , sheep , horses , chariots , and people 's bodies and souls .
that the creation itself also will be delivered from the bondage of decay into the liberty of the glory of the children of god .
so zedekiah the king swore secretly to jeremiah , saying , as yahweh lives , who made us this soul , i will not put you to death , neither will i give you into the hand of these men who seek your life .
yahweh said to moses , how long do you refuse to keep my commandments and my laws ?
the wilderness and the dry land will be glad . the desert will rejoice and blossom like a rose .
the egyptians shall know that i am yahweh , when i have gotten myself honor over pharaoh , over his chariots , and over his horsemen .
for i tell you , i will no longer by any means eat of it until it is fulfilled in the kingdom of god .
the sky was removed like a scroll when it is rolled up . every mountain and island were moved out of their places .
you shall make curtains of goats ' hair for a covering over the tent : eleven curtains shall you make them .
from the place of his habitation he looks out on all the inhabitants of the earth ,
your children make haste ; your destroyers and those who made you waste shall go forth from you .
i indeed declare , love stands firm forever . you established the heavens . your faithfulness is in them .
yahweh said to moses , take joshua the son of nun , a man in whom is the spirit , and lay your hand on him ;
surely none of the men who came up out of egypt , from twenty years old and upward , shall see the land which i swore to abraham , to isaac , and to jacob ; because they have not wholly followed me :
but the thing displeased samuel , when they said , give us a king to judge us . samuel prayed to yahweh .
the spirit lifted me up , and brought me in the vision by the spirit of god into chaldea , to them of the captivity . so the vision that i had seen went up from me .
it happened , that he was reclining at the table in his house , and many tax collectors and sinners sat down with jesus and his disciples , for there were many , and they followed him .
so that they go around naked without clothing . being hungry , they carry the sheaves .
jephthah said to them , i and my people were at great strife with the children of ammon ; and when i called you , you did n't save me out of their hand .
now , behold , in my affliction i have prepared for the house of yahweh one hundred thousand talents of gold , and one thousand thousand talents of silver , and of brass and iron without weight ; for it is in abundance : timber also and stone have i prepared ; and you may add to them .
arise , and depart ! for this is not your resting place , because of uncleanness that destroys , even with a grievous destruction .
jesus answered , you would have no power at all against me , unless it were given to you from above . therefore he who delivered me to you has greater sin .
and two turtledoves , or two young pigeons , such as he is able to afford ; and the one shall be a sin offering , and the other a burnt offering .
he was listening to paul speaking , who , fastening eyes on him , and seeing that he had faith to be made whole ,
though these three men were in it , as i live , says the lord yahweh , they should deliver neither sons nor daughters , but they only should be delivered themselves .
yahweh said to me , do n't fear him ; for i have delivered him , and all his people , and his land , into your hand ; and you shall do to him as you did to sihon king of the amorites , who lived at heshbon .
then he appeared to over five hundred brothers at once , most of whom remain until now , but some have also fallen asleep .
but if a priest buys a slave , purchased by his money , he shall eat of it ; and such as are born in his house , they shall eat of his bread .
that you may walk in the way of good men , and keep the paths of the righteous .
when you have stayed three days , you shall go down quickly , and come to the place where you did hide yourself when the business was in hand , and shall remain by the stone ezel .
but the vow of a widow , or of her who is divorced , even everything with which she has bound her soul , shall stand against her .
let them judge the people at all times . it shall be that every great matter they shall bring to you , but every small matter they shall judge themselves . so shall it be easier for you , and they shall share the load with you .
when he had determined to pass over into achaia , the brothers encouraged him , and wrote to the disciples to receive him . when he had come , he greatly helped those who had believed through grace ;
yahweh prepared a great fish to swallow up jonah , and jonah was in the belly of the fish three days and three nights .
because he loved your fathers , therefore he chose their seed after them , and brought you out with his presence , with his great power , out of egypt ;
he charged them that they should take nothing for their journey , except a staff only : no bread , no wallet , no money in their purse ,
then went samson down , and his father and his mother , to timnah , and came to the vineyards of timnah : and behold , a young lion roared against him .
two men went up into the temple to pray ; one was a pharisee , and the other was a tax collector .
when a man shall have a rising in his body 's skin , or a scab , or a bright spot , and it becomes in the skin of his body the plague of leprosy , then he shall be brought to aaron the priest , or to one of his sons the priests :
and said to him , run , speak to this young man , saying , jerusalem will be inhabited as villages without walls , because of the multitude of men and livestock in it .
one golden ladle of ten shekels , full of incense ;
the vision of obadiah . this is what the lord yahweh says about edom . we have heard news from yahweh , and an ambassador is sent among the nations , saying , arise , and let 's rise up against her in battle .
when i saw him , i fell at his feet like a dead man . he laid his right hand on me , saying , do n't be afraid . i am the first and the last ,
jacob tore his clothes , and put sackcloth on his waist , and mourned for his son many days .
yet the children of manasseh could n't drive out the inhabitants of those cities ; but the canaanites would dwell in that land .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
now may the lord of peace himself give you peace at all times in all ways . the lord be with you all .
but you shall go to my father 's house , and to my relatives , and take a wife for my son . '
what then shall i do when god rises up ? when he visits , what shall i answer him ?
when the lord saw her , he had compassion on her , and said to her , do n't cry .
there were also that said , we have borrowed money for the king 's tribute on our fields and our vineyards .
when it was evening he came with the twelve .
they went , and came to the mountain , and abode there three days , until the pursuers were returned : and the pursuers sought them throughout all the way , but did n't find them .
sometimes the cloud was from evening until morning ; and when the cloud was taken up in the morning , they traveled : or by day and by night , when the cloud was taken up , they traveled .
but naaman was angry , and went away , and said , behold , i thought , he will surely come out to me , and stand , and call on the name of yahweh his god , and wave his hand over the place , and recover the leper .
do you think that i have come to give peace in the earth ? i tell you , no , but rather division .
wherein you greatly rejoice , though now for a little while , if need be , you have been put to grief in various trials ,
even as it is written , for your sake we are killed all day long . we were accounted as sheep for the slaughter .
the righteous shall inherit the land , and live in it forever .
keep me from the snare which they have laid for me , from the traps of the workers of iniquity .
you shall set the levites before aaron , and before his sons , and offer them as a wave offering to yahweh .
therefore it is said in the book of the wars of yahweh , vaheb in suphah , the valleys of the arnon ,
rejoice with those who rejoice . weep with those who weep .
why do we also stand in jeopardy every hour ?
god spoke to noah and to his sons with him , saying ,
vex the midianites , and strike them ;
your vows are on me , god . i will give thank offerings to you .
the elders of gilead said to jephthah , yahweh shall be witness between us ; surely according to your word so will we do .
he encloses the face of his throne , and spreads his cloud on it .
they said to him , where is sarah , your wife ? he said , see , in the tent .
when your people israel are struck down before the enemy , because they have sinned against you ; if they turn again to you , and confess your name , and pray and make supplication to you in this house :
blessed are those whose ways are blameless , who walk according to yahweh 's law .
your eye shall not pity him , but you shall put away the innocent blood from israel , that it may go well with you .
now he spoke of judas , the son of simon iscariot , for it was he who would betray him , being one of the twelve .
moses went down from the mountain to the people , and sanctified the people ; and they washed their clothes .
for what does the scripture say ? abraham believed god , and it was accounted to him for righteousness .
i will keep my loving kindness for him forevermore . my covenant will stand firm with him .
they moved him to jealousy with strange gods ; with abominations provoked they him to anger .
if we are examined today concerning a good deed done to a crippled man , by what means this man has been healed ,
and being in readiness to avenge all disobedience , when your obedience will be made full .
do n't make a covenant with the inhabitants of the land , lest they play the prostitute after their gods , and sacrifice to their gods , and one call you and you eat of his sacrifice ;
as for you , house of israel , thus says the lord yahweh : go you , serve everyone his idols , and hereafter also , if you will not listen to me ; but my holy name shall you no more profane with your gifts , and with your idols .
i will abundantly bless her provision . i will satisfy her poor with bread .
certain also of the asiarchs , being his friends , sent to him and begged him not to venture into the theater .
the priest shall pour some of the oil into the palm of his own left hand ;
the beast which i saw was like a leopard , and his feet were like those of a bear , and his mouth like the mouth of a lion . the dragon gave him his power , his throne , and great authority .
now while he was not yet gone back , go back then , said he , to gedaliah the son of ahikam , the son of shaphan , whom the king of babylon has made governor over the cities of judah , and dwell with him among the people ; or go wherever it seems right to you to go . so the captain of the guard gave him food and a present , and let him go .
that path no bird of prey knows , neither has the falcon 's eye seen it .
the old men of gebal and the wise men of it were in you your repairers of ship seams : all the ships of the sea with their mariners were in you to deal in your merchandise .
they removed the burnt offerings , that they might give them according to the divisions of the fathers ' houses of the children of the people , to offer to yahweh , as it is written in the book of moses . so did they with the oxen .
he shall offer one of the turtledoves , or of the young pigeons , such as he is able to afford ,
and in vain do they worship me , teaching as doctrine rules made by men . '
it shall happen that as i thought to do to them , so will i do to you .
however , if you fulfill the royal law , according to the scripture , you shall love your neighbor as yourself , you do well .
for if , while we were enemies , we were reconciled to god through the death of his son , much more , being reconciled , we will be saved by his life .
therefore his parents said , he is of age . ask him .
yet all this avails me nothing , so long as i see mordecai the jew sitting at the king 's gate .
joab gave up the sum of the numbering of the people to david . all those of israel were one million one hundred thousand men who drew sword : and in judah were four hundred seventy thousand men who drew sword .
yahweh our god made a covenant with us in horeb .
men shall go into the caves of the rocks , and into the holes of the earth , from before the terror of yahweh , and from the glory of his majesty , when he arises to shake the earth mightily .
the tongue of the sucking child cleaves to the roof of his mouth for thirst : the young children ask bread , and no man breaks it to them .
the children of israel returned from chasing after the philistines , and they plundered their camp .
i understand more than the aged , because i have kept your precepts .
esau said , let me now leave with you some of the folk who are with me . he said , why ? let me find favor in the sight of my lord .
they went after them to the jordan : and behold , all the way was full of garments and vessels , which the syrians had cast away in their haste . the messengers returned , and told the king .
standing behind at his feet weeping , she began to wet his feet with her tears , and she wiped them with the hair of her head , kissed his feet , and anointed them with the ointment .
he who is too impoverished for such an offering chooses a tree that will not rot . he seeks a skillful workman to set up an engraved image for him that will not be moved .
whoever transgresses and does n't remain in the teaching of christ , does n't have god . he who remains in the teaching , the same has both the father and the son .
jephthah vowed a vow to yahweh , and said , if you will indeed deliver the children of ammon into my hand ,
shout for joy to yahweh , all you lands !
and say , what was your mother ? a lioness : she couched among lions , in the midst of the young lions she nourished her cubs .
and after the earthquake a fire ; but yahweh was not in the fire : and after the fire a still small voice .
you will know that i am in the midst of israel , and that i am yahweh , your god , and there is no one else ; and my people will never again be disappointed .
yahweh , why do you reject my soul ? why do you hide your face from me ?
i myself will fight against you with an outstretched hand and with a strong arm , even in anger , and in wrath , and in great indignation .
therefore jesus perceived that they wanted to ask him , and he said to them , do you inquire among yourselves concerning this , that i said , a little while , and you wo n't see me , and again a little while , and you will see me ? '
save yourself , and come down from the cross !
servants , obey in all things those who are your masters according to the flesh , not just when they are looking , as men pleasers , but in singleness of heart , fearing god .
then zebah and zalmunna said , rise you , and fall on us ; for as the man is , so is his strength . gideon arose , and killed zebah and zalmunna , and took the crescents that were on their camels ' necks .
he said , amos , what do you see ? i said , a basket of summer fruit . then yahweh said to me , the end has come on my people israel . i will not again pass by them any more .
moses returned to yahweh , and said , lord , why have you brought trouble on this people ? why is it that you have sent me ?
amaziah also said to amos , you seer , go , flee away into the land of judah , and there eat bread , and prophesy there :
he built an altar there , and called on the name of yahweh , and pitched his tent there . there isaac 's servants dug a well .
but the more they afflicted them , the more they multiplied and the more they spread out . they were grieved because of the children of israel .
these were heads of fathers ' houses of the levites , throughout their generations , chief men : these lived at jerusalem .
and four thousand were doorkeepers ; and four thousand praised yahweh with the instruments which i made , said david , for giving praise .
strong scales are his pride , shut up together with a close seal .
tell me , you whom my soul loves , where you graze your flock , where you rest them at noon ; for why should i be as one who is veiled beside the flocks of your companions ? lover
but the bull , and its skin , and its flesh , and its dung , he burned with fire outside the camp ; as yahweh commanded moses .
there is an evil which i have seen under the sun , the sort of error which proceeds from the ruler .
so i prophesied as i was commanded : and as i prophesied , there was a noise , and behold , an earthquake ; and the bones came together , bone to its bone .
then all the midianites and the amalekites and the children of the east assembled themselves together ; and they passed over , and encamped in the valley of jezreel .
he bowed the heavens also , and came down ; thick darkness was under his feet .
do you intend to reprove words , seeing that the speeches of one who is desperate are as wind ?
the little owl , the cormorant , the great owl ,
moses called bezalel and oholiab , and every wise - hearted man , in whose heart yahweh had put wisdom , even everyone whose heart stirred him up to come to the work to do it :
now the men observed diligently , and hurried to catch whether it were his mind ; and they said , your brother ben hadad . then he said , go you , bring him . then ben hadad came forth to him ; and he caused him to come up into the chariot .
the waters receded continually until the tenth month . in the tenth month , on the first day of the month , the tops of the mountains were seen .
whatever has no fins nor scales in the waters , that is an abomination to you .
moab shall be destroyed from being a people , because he has magnified himself against yahweh .
when they came to the nations , where they went , they profaned my holy name ; in that men said of them , these are the people of yahweh , and are gone forth out of his land .
yahweh will cause his glorious voice to be heard , and will show the descent of his arm , with the indignation of his anger , and the flame of a devouring fire , with a blast , tempest , and hailstones .
even to the next day after the seventh sabbath you shall number fifty days ; and you shall offer a new meal offering to yahweh .
then yahweh was jealous for his land , and had pity on his people .
yahweh will render to every man his righteousness and his faithfulness ; because yahweh delivered you into my hand today , and i would n't put forth my hand against yahweh 's anointed .
job speaks without knowledge , his words are without wisdom . '
those who shall be of you shall build the old waste places ; you shall raise up the foundations of many generations ; and you shall be called the repairer of the breach , the restorer of paths to dwell in .
for wisdom will enter into your heart . knowledge will be pleasant to your soul .
but it was so , that in the three and twentieth year of king jehoash the priests had not repaired the breaches of the house .
therefore said i , now will the philistines come down on me to gilgal , and i have n't entreated the favor of yahweh : i forced myself therefore , and offered the burnt offering .
he said to them , i am one hundred twenty years old this day ; i can no more go out and come in : and yahweh has said to me , you shall not go over this jordan .
behold , he snatches away ; who can hinder him ? who will ask him , what are you doing ? '
those who died by the plague were twenty - four thousand .
and their brothers , mighty men of valor , one hundred twenty - eight ; and their overseer was zabdiel , the son of haggedolim .
that they would desire mercies of the god of heaven concerning this secret ; that daniel and his companions should not perish with the rest of the wise men of babylon .
for this deed of the queen will come abroad to all women , to make their husbands contemptible in their eyes , when it shall be reported , the king ahasuerus commanded vashti the queen to be brought in before him , but she did n't come .
and the two kidneys , and the fat that is on them , which is by the loins , and the cover on the liver , with the kidneys , he shall take away .
the headdresses , the ankle chains , the sashes , the perfume bottles , the charms ,
remember his marvelous works that he has done , his wonders , and the judgments of his mouth ,
turn us again , yahweh god of armies . cause your face to shine , and we will be saved .
let us lie down in our shame , and let our confusion cover us ; for we have sinned against yahweh our god , we and our fathers , from our youth even to this day ; and we have not obeyed the voice of yahweh our god .
also the burnt offerings were in abundance , with the fat of the peace offerings , and with the drink offerings for every burnt offering . so the service of the house of yahweh was set in order .
now is the end on you , and i will send my anger on you , and will judge you according to your ways ; and i will bring on you all your abominations .
do n't snatch the word of truth out of my mouth , for i put my hope in your ordinances .
moreover those who had familiar spirits , and the wizards , and the teraphim , and the idols , and all the abominations that were seen in the land of judah and in jerusalem , did josiah put away , that he might confirm the words of the law which were written in the book that hilkiah the priest found in the house of yahweh .
then shall he who offers his offering offer to yahweh a meal offering of a tenth part of an ephah of fine flour mixed with the fourth part of a hin of oil :
and the priest shall examine him . behold , if there is a white rising in the skin , and it has turned the hair white , and there is raw flesh in the rising ,
all the people departed every man to his house : and david returned to bless his house .
with many other words he testified , and exhorted them , saying , save yourselves from this crooked generation !
the king of sodom said to abram , give me the people , and take the goods to yourself .
yes , he loved cursing , and it came to him . he did n't delight in blessing , and it was far from him .
they forsook the house of yahweh , the god of their fathers , and served the asherim and the idols : and wrath came on judah and jerusalem for this their guiltiness .
so she wrote letters in ahab 's name , and sealed them with his seal , and sent the letters to the elders and to the nobles who were in his city , and who lived with naboth .
how shall i come before yahweh , and bow myself before the exalted god ? shall i come before him with burnt offerings , with calves a year old ?
moses and aaron said to all the children of israel , at evening , then you shall know that yahweh has brought you out from the land of egypt ;
when i saw among the spoil a goodly babylonian mantle , and two hundred shekels of silver , and a wedge of gold of fifty shekels weight , then i coveted them , and took them ; and , behold , they are hid in the earth in the midst of my tent , and the silver under it .
for if we believe that jesus died and rose again , even so those who have fallen asleep in jesus will god bring with him .
that you abstain from things sacrificed to idols , from blood , from things strangled , and from sexual immorality , from which if you keep yourselves , it will be well with you . farewell .
the path of life leads upward for the wise , to keep him from going downward to sheol .
a false witness will perish , and a man who listens speaks to eternity .
to grant to us that we , being delivered out of the hand of our enemies , should serve him without fear ,
the king spoke and said , is not this great babylon , which i have built for the royal dwelling place , by the might of my power and for the glory of my majesty ?
they are like children who sit in the marketplace , and call one to another , saying , we piped to you , and you did n't dance . we mourned , and you did n't weep . '
i also will do this to you : i will appoint terror over you , even consumption and fever , that shall consume the eyes , and make the soul to pine away ; and you will sow your seed in vain , for your enemies will eat it .
for the redemption of the two hundred seventy - three of the firstborn of the children of israel , who exceed the number of the levites ,
then the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
then shall the trees of the wood sing for joy before yahweh ; for he comes to judge the earth .
who is left among you who saw this house in its former glory ? how do you see it now ? is n't it in your eyes as nothing ?
that you shall set apart to yahweh all that opens the womb , and every firstborn which you have that comes from an animal . the males shall be yahweh 's .
so shall my word be that goes forth out of my mouth : it shall not return to me void , but it shall accomplish that which i please , and it shall prosper in the thing whereto i sent it .
the grass withers , the flower fades , because yahweh 's breath blows on it . surely the people are like grass .
in the hill country , and in the lowland , and in the arabah , and in the slopes , and in the wilderness , and in the south ; the hittite , the amorite , and the canaanite , the perizzite , the hivite , and the jebusite :
yes , and you will be brought before governors and kings for my sake , for a testimony to them and to the nations .
he will lift up a banner to the nations from far , and he will whistle for them from the end of the earth . behold , they will come speedily and swiftly .
then contended i with the rulers , and said , why is the house of god forsaken ? i gathered them together , and set them in their place .
asa cried to yahweh his god , and said , yahweh , there is none besides you to help , between the mighty and him who has no strength : help us , yahweh our god ; for we rely on you , and in your name are we come against this multitude . yahweh , you are our god ; do n't let man prevail against you .
for you will eat the labor of your hands . you will be happy , and it will be well with you .
and sit on a stately bed , with a table prepared before it , whereupon you did set my incense and my oil .
you yourselves testify that i said , i am not the christ , ' but , i have been sent before him . '
the burnt offering that the prince shall offer to yahweh shall be on the sabbath day six lambs without blemish and a ram without blemish ;
for if a man with a gold ring , in fine clothing , comes into your synagogue , and a poor man in filthy clothing also comes in ;
he delivered them into the hands of his servants , every herd by itself , and said to his servants , pass over before me , and put a space between herd and herd .
they said therefore to him , what then do you do for a sign , that we may see , and believe you ? what work do you do ?
they went away in the boat to a desert place by themselves .
go quickly and tell his disciples , he has risen from the dead , and behold , he goes before you into galilee ; there you will see him . ' behold , i have told you .
pharisees came to him testing him , and asked him , is it lawful for a man to divorce his wife ?
wicked people earn deceitful wages , but one who sows righteousness reaps a sure reward .
for i have given you an example , that you also should do as i have done to you .
beware of the dogs , beware of the evil workers , beware of the false circumcision .
with a strong hand , and with an outstretched arm ; for his loving kindness endures forever :
their infants also will be dashed in pieces before their eyes . their houses will be ransacked , and their wives raped .
deliver me , yahweh , from my enemies . i flee to you to hide me .
come you near to me , hear you this ; from the beginning i have not spoken in secret ; from the time that it was , there am i : and now the lord yahweh has sent me , and his spirit .
a scoffer seeks wisdom , and does n't find it , but knowledge comes easily to a discerning person .
but be you glad and rejoice forever in that which i create ; for , behold , i create jerusalem a rejoicing , and her people a joy .
a certain servant girl saw him as he sat in the light , and looking intently at him , said , this man also was with him .
blessed be the god and father of our lord jesus christ , who according to his great mercy became our father again to a living hope through the resurrection of jesus christ from the dead ,
amid which certain jews from asia found me purified in the temple , not with a mob , nor with turmoil .
yahweh spoke with you face to face on the mountain out of the midst of the fire ,
when men strive together one with another , and the wife of the one draws near to deliver her husband out of the hand of him who strikes him , and puts forth her hand , and takes him by the secrets ;
tell us therefore , what do you think ? is it lawful to pay taxes to caesar , or not ?
the priests did n't say , where is yahweh ? and those who handle the law did n't know me : the rulers also transgressed against me , and the prophets prophesied by baal , and walked after things that do not profit .
but god came to abimelech in a dream of the night , and said to him , behold , you are a dead man , because of the woman whom you have taken . for she is a man 's wife .
he took his staff in his hand , and chose him five smooth stones out of the brook , and put them in the shepherd 's bag which he had , even in his wallet ; and his sling was in his hand : and he drew near to the philistine .
and said to the judges , consider what you do : for you do n't judge for man , but for yahweh ; and he is with you in the judgment .
the speech pleased the lord , that solomon had asked this thing .
a worthless man devises mischief . his speech is like a scorching fire .
and he who invited both of you would come and tell you , make room for this person . ' then you would begin , with shame , to take the lowest place .
because for the sake of the name they went out , taking nothing from the gentiles .
how do we hear , everyone in our own native language ?
you will have joy and gladness ; and many will rejoice at his birth .
it is even right for me to think this way on behalf of all of you , because i have you in my heart , because , both in my bonds and in the defense and confirmation of the good news , you all are partakers with me of grace .
which things indeed appear like wisdom in self - imposed worship , and humility , and severity to the body ; but are n't of any value against the indulgence of the flesh .
i will make people more rare than fine gold , even a person than the pure gold of ophir .
but in those days , after that oppression , the sun will be darkened , the moon will not give its light ,
in whom the god of this world has blinded the minds of the unbelieving , that the light of the good news of the glory of christ , who is the image of god , should not dawn on them .
therefore saul sent messengers to jesse , and said , send me david your son , who is with the sheep .
rebekah took the good clothes of esau , her elder son , which were with her in the house , and put them on jacob , her younger son .
they have sown wheat , and have reaped thorns ; they have put themselves to pain , and profit nothing : and you shall be ashamed of your fruits , because of the fierce anger of yahweh .
he will be like a wild donkey among men . his hand will be against every man , and every man 's hand against him . he will live opposite all of his brothers .
but peter , standing up with the eleven , lifted up his voice , and spoke out to them , you men of judea , and all you who dwell at jerusalem , let this be known to you , and listen to my words .
for the thing which i fear comes on me , that which i am afraid of comes to me .
give thanks to the lord of lords ; for his loving kindness endures forever :
( let me be weighed in an even balance , that god may know my integrity ) ;
and brought his head on a platter , and gave it to the young lady ; and the young lady gave it to her mother .
behold , the days come , that all that is in your house , and that which your fathers have laid up in store to this day , shall be carried to babylon : nothing shall be left , says yahweh .
we dreamed a dream in one night , i and he . we dreamed each man according to the interpretation of his dream .
every meal offering of a priest shall be wholly burned . it shall not be eaten .
and brought out israel from among them ; for his loving kindness endures forever ;
for solomon went after ashtoreth the goddess of the sidonians , and after milcom the abomination of the ammonites .
therefore my heart sounds for moab like pipes , and my heart sounds like pipes for the men of kir heres : therefore the abundance that he has gotten is perished .
he said to her , daughter , cheer up . your faith has made you well . go in peace .
there was a gate to the inner court toward the south : and he measured from gate to gate toward the south a hundred cubits .
the sons of the singers gathered themselves together , both out of the plain round about jerusalem , and from the villages of the netophathites ;
i will strengthen the arms of the king of babylon , and put my sword in his hand : but i will break the arms of pharaoh , and he shall groan before him with the groanings of a deadly wounded man .
the king shall mourn , and the prince shall be clothed with desolation , and the hands of the people of the land shall be troubled : i will do to them after their way , and according to their own judgments will i judge them ; and they shall know that i am yahweh .
yahweh spoke suddenly to moses , and to aaron , and to miriam , come out you three to the tent of meeting . they three came out .
i will seek that which was lost , and will bring back that which was driven away , and will bind up that which was broken , and will strengthen that which was sick : but the fat and the strong i will destroy ; i will feed them in justice .
again he departed from the borders of tyre and sidon , and came to the sea of galilee , through the midst of the region of decapolis .
he gathered together the priests and the levites , and said to them , go out to the cities of judah , and gather of all israel money to repair the house of your god from year to year ; and see that you hasten the matter . however the levites did n't hurry .
it shall happen in that day that a man shall keep alive a young cow , and two sheep ;
and he said to him , thus says jephthah : israel did n't take away the land of moab , nor the land of the children of ammon ,
the servant said , lord , it is done as you commanded , and there is still room . '
now solomon purposed to build a house for the name of yahweh , and a house for his kingdom .
gave his offering : one silver platter , the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels , one silver bowl of seventy shekels , after the shekel of the sanctuary ; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering ;
every animal , every creeping thing , and every bird , whatever moves on the earth , after their families , went forth out of the ark .
but shun foolish questionings , genealogies , strife , and disputes about the law ; for they are unprofitable and vain .
they have set up kings , but not by me . they have made princes , and i did n't approve . of their silver and their gold they have made themselves idols , that they may be cut off .
to bind their kings with chains , and their nobles with fetters of iron ;
the crowns shall be to helem , and to tobijah , and to jedaiah , and to hen the son of zephaniah , for a memorial in the temple of yahweh .
therefore i will weep with the weeping of jazer for the vine of sibmah . i will water you with my tears , heshbon , and elealeh : for on your summer fruits and on your harvest the battle shout has fallen .
and will cast them into the furnace of fire . there will be weeping and the gnashing of teeth .
woe to you , you who are full now ! for you will be hungry . woe to you who laugh now ! for you will mourn and weep .
it is changed as clay under the seal , and stands forth as a garment .
thus shall my anger be accomplished , and i will cause my wrath toward them to rest , and i shall be comforted ; and they shall know that i , yahweh , have spoken in my zeal , when i have accomplished my wrath on them .
yes , they sacrificed their sons and their daughters to demons .
i went up by revelation , and i laid before them the good news which i preach among the gentiles , but privately before those who were respected , for fear that i might be running , or had run , in vain .
for there are also many unruly men , vain talkers and deceivers , especially those of the circumcision ,
now in the things which we are saying , the main point is this . we have such a high priest , who sat down on the right hand of the throne of the majesty in the heavens ,
arise , get you to zarephath , which belongs to sidon , and dwell there : behold , i have commanded a widow there to sustain you .
the angel of yahweh appeared to him in a flame of fire out of the midst of a bush . he looked , and behold , the bush burned with fire , and the bush was not consumed .
on the twenty - fourth day of the eleventh month , which is the month shebat , in the second year of darius , the word of yahweh came to zechariah the son of berechiah , the son of iddo , the prophet , saying ,
therefore let us keep the feast , not with old yeast , neither with the yeast of malice and wickedness , but with the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth .
but jehoiada grew old and was full of days , and he died ; one hundred thirty years old was he when he died .
the kingdom and the dominion , and the greatness of the kingdoms under the whole sky , shall be given to the people of the saints of the most high : his kingdom is an everlasting kingdom , and all dominions shall serve and obey him .
for entangled like thorns , and drunken as with their drink , they are consumed utterly like dry stubble .
then he told the man , stretch out your hand . he stretched it out ; and it was restored whole , just like the other .
in the thickness of the wall of the court toward the east , before the separate place , and before the building , there were chambers .
she lived under the palm tree of deborah between ramah and bethel in the hill country of ephraim : and the children of israel came up to her for judgment .
out of the tribe of issachar , kishion with its suburbs , daberath with its suburbs ,
the captain of the guard took jeremiah , and said to him , yahweh your god pronounced this evil on this place ;
this is the word that i covenanted with you when you came out of egypt , and my spirit lived among you . do n't be afraid . '
as clouds and wind without rain , so is he who boasts of gifts deceptively .
their camels , four hundred thirty - five ; their donkeys , six thousand seven hundred and twenty .
the first creature was like a lion , and the second creature like a calf , and the third creature had a face like a man , and the fourth was like a flying eagle .
they sacrifice on the tops of the mountains , and burn incense on the hills , under oaks and poplars and terebinths , because its shade is good . therefore your daughters play the prostitute , and your brides commit adultery .
now jesus stood before the governor : and the governor asked him , saying , are you the king of the jews ? jesus said to him , so you say .
lament , mourn , and weep . let your laughter be turned to mourning , and your joy to gloom .
all who sat in the council , fastening their eyes on him , saw his face like it was the face of an angel .
concerning the prophets . my heart within me is broken , all my bones shake ; i am like a drunken man , and like a man whom wine has overcome , because of yahweh , and because of his holy words .
it shall be , when the officers have made an end of speaking to the people , that they shall appoint captains of armies at the head of the people .
make a joyful shout to god , all the earth !
heshbon cries out with elealeh . their voice is heard even to jahaz . therefore the armed men of moab cry aloud . their souls tremble within them .
but he passed away , and behold , he was not . yes , i sought him , but he could not be found .
if i say , i will forget my complaint , i will put off my sad face , and cheer up ; '
they brought up the ark of yahweh , and the tent of meeting , and all the holy vessels that were in the tent ; even these did the priests and the levites bring up .
take the sum of all the congregation of the children of israel , from twenty years old and upward , by their fathers ' houses , all who are able to go forth to war in israel .
as you would like people to do to you , do exactly so to them .
if evil come on us , the sword , judgment , or pestilence , or famine , we will stand before this house , and before you , ( for your name is in this house ) , and cry to you in our affliction , and you will hear and save .
then hear from heaven , even from your dwelling place , and do according to all that the foreigner calls to you for ; that all the peoples of the earth may know your name , and fear you , as does your people israel , and that they may know that this house which i have built is called by your name .
none is so fierce that he dare stir him up . who then is he who can stand before me ?
they therefore departed from the presence of the council , rejoicing that they were counted worthy to suffer dishonor for jesus ' name .
moses spoke to yahweh , saying ,
no , in all these things , we are more than conquerors through him who loved us .
he was very thirsty , and called on yahweh , and said , you have given this great deliverance by the hand of your servant ; and now shall i die for thirst , and fall into the hand of the uncircumcised .
of the levites , ahijah was over the treasures of the house of god , and over the treasures of the dedicated things .
the woman conceived , and bore a son . when she saw that he was a fine child , she hid him three months .
however , the most high does n't dwell in temples made with hands , as the prophet says ,
aaron took as moses spoke , and ran into the midst of the assembly ; and behold , the plague was begun among the people : and he put on the incense , and made atonement for the people .
namely , bezer in the wilderness , in the plain country , for the reubenites ; and ramoth in gilead , for the gadites ; and golan in bashan , for the manassites .
for the fortified city is solitary , a habitation deserted and forsaken , like the wilderness . the calf will feed there , and there he will lie down , and consume its branches .
all the people , even the men of war who were with him , went up , and drew near , and came before the city , and encamped on the north side of ai : now there was a valley between him and ai .
it shall be , when you are come in to the land which yahweh your god gives you for an inheritance , and possess it , and dwell therein ,
neither does one jostle another ; they march everyone in his path , and they burst through the defenses , and do n't break ranks .
behold , a prophet came near to ahab king of israel , and said , thus says yahweh , have you seen all this great multitude ? behold , i will deliver it into your hand this day ; and you shall know that i am yahweh .
because you are glad , because you rejoice , o you who plunder my heritage , because you are wanton as a heifer that treads out the grain , and neigh as strong horses ;
do n't be deceived . god is not mocked , for whatever a man sows , that he will also reap .
you shall take no ransom for him who is fled to his city of refuge , that he may come again to dwell in the land , until the death of the priest .
confuse them , lord , and confound their language , for i have seen violence and strife in the city .
for by your words you will be justified , and by your words you will be condemned .
but let the righteous be glad . let them rejoice before god . yes , let them rejoice with gladness .
he said to them , take heed what you hear . with whatever measure you measure , it will be measured to you , and more will be given to you who hear .
i will stretch over jerusalem the line of samaria , and the plummet of the house of ahab ; and i will wipe jerusalem as a man wipes a dish , wiping it and turning it upside down .
elisha said to her , what shall i do for you ? tell me ; what have you in the house ? she said , your handmaid has nothing in the house , except a pot of oil .
you also once walked in those , when you lived in them ;
there are also celestial bodies , and terrestrial bodies ; but the glory of the celestial differs from that of the terrestrial .
nevertheless my eye spared them , and i did n't destroy them , neither did i make a full end of them in the wilderness .
the border went down to the brook of kanah , southward of the brook : these cities belonged to ephraim among the cities of manasseh : and the border of manasseh was on the north side of the brook , and the goings out of it were at the sea :
for without cause they have hidden their net in a pit for me . without cause they have dug a pit for my soul .
woe to you , scribes and pharisees , hypocrites ! for you travel around by sea and land to make one proselyte ; and when he becomes one , you make him twice as much of a son of gehenna as yourselves .
in the eighth month , in the second year of darius , the word of yahweh came to zechariah the son of berechiah , the son of iddo , the prophet , saying ,
they pour out arrogant words . all the evil - doers boast .
yet i destroyed the amorite before them , whose height was like the height of the cedars , and he was strong as the oaks ; yet i destroyed his fruit from above , and his roots from beneath .
the children of the captivity did so . ezra the priest , with certain heads of fathers ' houses , after their fathers ' houses , and all of them by their names , were set apart ; and they sat down in the first day of the tenth month to examine the matter .
that i may make the voice of thanksgiving to be heard , and tell of all your wondrous works .
serve yahweh with gladness . come before his presence with singing .
therefore love the foreigner ; for you were foreigners in the land of egypt .
but they said , we will drink no wine ; for jonadab the son of rechab , our father , commanded us , saying , you shall drink no wine , neither you , nor your sons , forever :
but he , because he lives forever , has his priesthood unchangeable .
they divide my garments among them . they cast lots for my clothing .
being made free from sin , you became bondservants of righteousness .
for i testify about him , that he has great zeal for you , and for those in laodicea , and for those in hierapolis .
do n't deliver the soul of your dove to wild beasts . do n't forget the life of your poor forever .
as for man , his days are like grass . as a flower of the field , so he flourishes .
he made the lampstand of pure gold . he made the lampstand of beaten work . its base , its shaft , its cups , its buds , and its flowers were of one piece with it .
by reason of the multitude of oppressions they cry out ; they cry for help by reason of the arm of the mighty .
yahweh answered the angel who talked with me with kind and comforting words .
therefore , behold , i will cause them to know , this once will i cause them to know my hand and my might ; and they shall know that my name is yahweh .
but he said to her , you speak as one of the foolish women would speak . what ? shall we receive good at the hand of god , and shall we not receive evil ? in all this job did n't sin with his lips .
it is given to be furbished , that it may be handled : the sword , it is sharpened , yes , it is furbished , to give it into the hand of the killer .
he said , peaceably ; i am come to sacrifice to yahweh : sanctify yourselves , and come with me to the sacrifice . he sanctified jesse and his sons , and called them to the sacrifice .
give , and it will be given to you : good measure , pressed down , shaken together , and running over , will be given to you . for with the same measure you measure it will be measured back to you .
yahweh , i know that the way of man is not in himself : it is not in man who walks to direct his steps .
those who were numbered of them , of the tribe of benjamin , were thirty - five thousand four hundred .
now therefore when i come to your servant my father , and the boy is not with us ; seeing that his life is bound up in the boy 's life ;
a continual dropping on a rainy day and a contentious wife are alike :
and the sash of fine twined linen , and blue , and purple , and scarlet , the work of the embroiderer , as yahweh commanded moses .
he placed the breastplate on him ; and in the breastplate he put the urim and the thummim .
and the fourth row , a chrysolite , an onyx , and a jasper . they were enclosed in gold settings .
his disciples went out , and came into the city , and found things as he had said to them , and they prepared the passover .
they said to you that in the last time there will be mockers , walking after their own ungodly lusts .
he lifted up his eyes , and saw the wayfaring man in the street of the city ; and the old man said , where go you ? and whence come you ?
yahweh , do n't grant the desires of the wicked . do n't let their evil plans succeed , or they will become proud . selah .
the time drew near that israel must die , and he called his son joseph , and said to him , if now i have found favor in your sight , please put your hand under my thigh , and deal kindly and truly with me . please do n't bury me in egypt ,
adonijah feared because of solomon ; and he arose , and went , and caught hold on the horns of the altar .
jesus therefore answered , it is he to whom i will give this piece of bread when i have dipped it . so when he had dipped the piece of bread , he gave it to judas , the son of simon iscariot .
but that you also may know my affairs , how i am doing , tychicus , the beloved brother and faithful servant in the lord , will make known to you all things ;
then they asked him , tell us , please , for whose cause this evil is on us . what is your occupation ? where do you come from ? what is your country ? of what people are you ?
for him who knew no sin he made to be sin on our behalf ; so that in him we might become the righteousness of god .
now i will tell you what i will do to my vineyard . i will take away its hedge , and it will be eaten up . i will break down its wall of it , and it will be trampled down .
when this comes to pass , ( behold , it comes ) , then shall they know that a prophet has been among them .
his bones are full of his youth , but youth shall lie down with him in the dust .
thus were they divided impartially by drawing lots ; for there were princes of the sanctuary , and princes of god , both of the sons of eleazar , and of the sons of ithamar .
then saul said to jonathan , tell me what you have done . jonathan told him , and said , i did certainly taste a little honey with the end of the rod that was in my hand ; and behold , i must die .
this is love , that we should walk according to his commandments . this is the commandment , even as you heard from the beginning , that you should walk in it .
i brought your fathers out of egypt : and you came to the sea ; and the egyptians pursued after your fathers with chariots and with horsemen to the red sea .
he made the poles of acacia wood , and overlaid them with brass .
but mixed themselves with the nations , and learned their works .
stephen , full of faith and power , performed great wonders and signs among the people .
behold , men brought a paralyzed man on a cot , and they sought to bring him in to lay before jesus .
the princes of moab rose up , and they went to balak , and said , balaam refuses to come with us .
then jesus came with them to a place called gethsemane , and said to his disciples , sit here , while i go there and pray .
thus says yahweh , the god of israel , thus shall you tell the king of judah , who sent you to me to inquire of me : behold , pharaoh 's army , which is come forth to help you , shall return to egypt into their own land .
to titus , my true child according to a common faith : grace , mercy , and peace from god the father and the lord jesus christ our savior .
but afterward i will bring back the captivity of the children of ammon , says yahweh .
you were in eden , the garden of god ; every precious stone adorned you : ruby , topaz , emerald , chrysolite , onyx , jasper , sapphire , turquoise , and beryl . gold work of tambourines and of pipes was in you . in the day that you were created they were prepared .
moses entered into the midst of the cloud , and went up on the mountain ; and moses was on the mountain forty days and forty nights .
by this everyone will know that you are my disciples , if you have love for one another .
there will be no night , and they need no lamp light ; for the lord god will illuminate them . they will reign forever and ever .
and the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour for a meal offering , mixed with the fourth part of a hin of beaten oil .
asshur is there and all her company ; her graves are round about her ; all of them slain , fallen by the sword ;
thus says yahweh against all my evil neighbors , who touch the inheritance which i have caused my people israel to inherit : behold , i will pluck them up from off their land , and will pluck up the house of judah from among them .
the princes were angry with jeremiah , and struck him , and put him in prison in the house of jonathan the scribe ; for they had made that the prison .
he will judge the world in righteousness . he will administer judgment to the peoples in uprightness .
my bread also which i gave you , fine flour , and oil , and honey , with which i fed you , you did even set it before them for a sweet savor ; and thus it was , says the lord yahweh .
his master said to him , we wo n't turn aside into the city of a foreigner , that is not of the children of israel ; but we will pass over to gibeah .
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old shall you number them , everyone who enters on the service , to do the work of the tent of meeting .
the angel thrust his sickle into the earth , and gathered the vintage of the earth , and threw it into the great winepress of the wrath of god .
if any of your outcasts are in the uttermost parts of the heavens , from there will yahweh your god gather you , and from there he will bring you back :
at what instant i shall speak concerning a nation , and concerning a kingdom , to build and to plant it ;
if the household is worthy , let your peace come on it , but if it is n't worthy , let your peace return to you .
he said , watch out that you do n't get led astray , for many will come in my name , saying , i am , ' and , the time is at hand . ' therefore do n't follow them .
it happened after this , that the children of moab , and the children of ammon , and with them some of the ammonites , came against jehoshaphat to battle .
he said to him , bring me a heifer three years old , a female goat three years old , a ram three years old , a turtledove , and a young pigeon .
they reasoned with one another , saying , it 's because we have no bread .
he who sins is of the devil , for the devil has been sinning from the beginning . to this end the son of god was revealed , that he might destroy the works of the devil .
you shall strike every fortified city , and every choice city , and shall fell every good tree , and stop all springs of water , and mar every good piece of land with stones .
in the greatness of your excellency , you overthrow those who rise up against you : you send forth your wrath . it consumes them as stubble .
they have turned aside quickly out of the way which i commanded them . they have made themselves a molten calf , and have worshiped it , and have sacrificed to it , and said , these are your gods , israel , which brought you up out of the land of egypt . '
god is our refuge and strength , a very present help in trouble .
there is salvation in none other , for neither is there any other name under heaven , that is given among men , by which we must be saved !
the lamp of the body is the eye . therefore when your eye is good , your whole body is also full of light ; but when it is evil , your body also is full of darkness .
those who fled stand without strength under the shadow of heshbon ; for a fire is gone forth out of heshbon , and a flame from the midst of sihon , and has devoured the corner of moab , and the crown of the head of the tumultuous ones .
it happened , when i , even i daniel , had seen the vision , that i sought to understand it ; and behold , there stood before me as the appearance of a man .
but above all things , my brothers , do n't swear , neither by heaven , nor by the earth , nor by any other oath ; but let your yes be yes , and your no , no ; so that you do n't fall into hypocrisy .
they shall know that i am yahweh their god , in that i caused them to go into captivity among the nations , and have gathered them to their own land ; and i will leave none of them any more there ;
but do n't be far off , yahweh . you are my help : hurry to help me .
it happened in the morning that his spirit was troubled , and he sent and called for all of egypt 's magicians and wise men . pharaoh told them his dreams , but there was no one who could interpret them to pharaoh .
simon peter answered him , lord , to whom would we go ? you have the words of eternal life .
see if there is any wicked way in me , and lead me in the everlasting way .
the voice of my beloved ! behold , he comes , leaping on the mountains , skipping on the hills .
it happened in the eleventh year , in the first month , in the seventh day of the month , that the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
a noise shall come even to the end of the earth ; for yahweh has a controversy with the nations ; he will enter into judgment with all flesh : as for the wicked , he will give them to the sword , says yahweh .
he had also seven sons and three daughters .
seeing that many boast after the flesh , i will also boast .
now hannah , she spoke in her heart ; only her lips moved , but her voice was not heard : therefore eli thought she had been drunken .
do n't stand in the crossroads to cut off those of his who escape . do n't deliver up those of his who remain in the day of distress .
the children also of his servants shall inherit it . those who love his name shall dwell therein .
all the cities of the families of the rest of the children of kohath were ten with their suburbs .
can a man be profitable to god ? surely he who is wise is profitable to himself .
it happened , when rachel had borne joseph , that jacob said to laban , send me away , that i may go to my own place , and to my country .
and to carry the silver and gold , which the king and his counselors have freely offered to the god of israel , whose habitation is in jerusalem ,
teaching them to observe all things that i commanded you . behold , i am with you always , even to the end of the age . amen .
he told her all his heart , and said to her , no razor has ever come on my head ; for i have been a nazirite to god from my mother 's womb . if i am shaved , then my strength will go from me , and i will become weak , and be like any other man .
he who overcomes will be arrayed in white garments , and i will in no way blot his name out of the book of life , and i will confess his name before my father , and before his angels .
all the brothers greet you . greet one another with a holy kiss .
israel said , why did you treat me so badly , telling the man that you had another brother ?
you shall break them with a rod of iron . you shall dash them in pieces like a potter 's vessel .
if i ascend up into heaven , you are there . if i make my bed in sheol , behold , you are there !
a voice was heard in ramah , lamentation , weeping and great mourning , rachel weeping for her children ; she would n't be comforted , because they are no more .
his brothers saw that their father loved him more than all his brothers , and they hated him , and could n't speak peaceably to him .
then ahimelech answered the king , and said , who among all your servants is so faithful as david , who is the king 's son - in - law , and is taken into your council , and is honorable in your house ?
does he who plows to sow plow continually ? does he keep turning the soil and breaking the clods ?
david also took ahinoam of jezreel ; and they became both of them his wives .
moses led the people out of the camp to meet god ; and they stood at the lower part of the mountain .
he shall kill it on the north side of the altar before yahweh . aaron 's sons , the priests , shall sprinkle its blood around on the altar .
his daughter was sheerah , who built beth horon the lower and the upper , and uzzen sheerah .
paul , a prisoner of christ jesus , and timothy our brother , to philemon , our beloved fellow worker ,
you have plowed wickedness . you have reaped iniquity . you have eaten the fruit of lies , for you trusted in your way , in the multitude of your mighty men .
then moses and aaron fell on their faces before all the assembly of the congregation of the children of israel .
why do the nations rage , and the peoples plot a vain thing ?
for you know that even when he afterward desired to inherit the blessing , he was rejected , for he found no place for a change of mind though he sought it diligently with tears .
the burden of tyre . howl , you ships of tarshish ! for it is laid waste , so that there is no house , no entering in . from the land of kittim it is revealed to them .
the jews therefore said , will he kill himself , that he says , where i am going , you ca n't come ? '
and with you will i break in pieces the shepherd and his flock ; and with you will i break in pieces the farmer and his yoke of oxen ; and with you will i break in pieces governors and deputies .
and i will bring you into the wilderness of the peoples , and there will i enter into judgment with you face to face .
the high priest said , are these things so ?
for the lord had made the army of the syrians to hear a noise of chariots , and a noise of horses , even the noise of a great army : and they said one to another , behold , the king of israel has hired against us the kings of the hittites , and the kings of the egyptians , to come on us .
his division , and those who were numbered of them , were fifty - nine thousand three hundred .
suddenly there was a great earthquake , so that the foundations of the prison were shaken ; and immediately all the doors were opened , and everyone 's bonds were loosened .
the seven priests bearing the seven trumpets of rams ' horns before the ark of yahweh went on continually , and blew the trumpets : and the armed men went before them ; and the rearward came after the ark of yahweh , the priests blowing the trumpets as they went .
for most assuredly , i tell you , until heaven and earth pass away , not even one smallest letter or one tiny pen stroke shall in any way pass away from the law , until all things are accomplished .
the king of egypt said to them , why do you , moses and aaron , take the people from their work ? get back to your burdens !
it had been revealed to him by the holy spirit that he should not see death before he had seen the lord 's christ .
fathers , do n't provoke your children , so that they wo n't be discouraged .
and you shall offer for the drink offering half a hin of wine , for an offering made by fire , of a sweet savor to yahweh .
for , behold , they have gone away from destruction . egypt will gather them up . memphis will bury them . nettles will possess their pleasant things of silver . thorns will be in their tents .
i am indeed a jew , born in tarsus of cilicia , but brought up in this city at the feet of gamaliel , instructed according to the strict manner of the law of our fathers , being zealous for god , even as you all are this day .
it happened that when jesus had finished directing his twelve disciples , he departed from there to teach and preach in their cities .
a certain centurion 's servant , who was dear to him , was sick and at the point of death .
yahweh said to moses , tell aaron , take your rod , and stretch out your hand over the waters of egypt , over their rivers , over their streams , and over their pools , and over all their ponds of water , that they may become blood ; and there shall be blood throughout all the land of egypt , both in vessels of wood and in vessels of stone . '
david said to all his servants who were with him at jerusalem , arise , and let us flee ; for else none of us shall escape from absalom : make speed to depart , lest he overtake us quickly , and bring down evil on us , and strike the city with the edge of the sword .
be it known therefore to you , that the salvation of god is sent to the nations . they will also listen .
woe to you , land , when your king is a child , and your princes eat in the morning !
he fell on his face at jesus ' feet , giving him thanks ; and he was a samaritan .
your lips are like scarlet thread . your mouth is lovely . your temples are like a piece of a pomegranate behind your veil .
is it at your command that the eagle mounts up , and makes his nest on high ?
you fathers , do n't provoke your children to wrath , but nurture them in the discipline and instruction of the lord .
after this thing jeroboam did n't return from his evil way , but made again from among all the people priests of the high places : whoever would , he consecrated him , that there might be priests of the high places .
then i will establish the throne of your kingdom , according as i covenanted with david your father , saying , there shall not fail you a man to be ruler in israel .
do n't eat the food of him who has a stingy eye , and do n't crave his delicacies :
all flying insects that walk on all fours are an abomination to you .
isaiah said , take a cake of figs . they took and laid it on the boil , and he recovered .
he said to them , it is n't for you to know times or seasons which the father has set within his own authority .
until yahweh give rest to your brothers , as to you , and they also possess the land which yahweh your god gives them beyond the jordan : then shall you return every man to his possession , which i have given you .
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
for whoever shall keep the whole law , and yet stumble in one point , he has become guilty of all .
circumcision is nothing , and uncircumcision is nothing , but the keeping of the commandments of god .
then answered they and said before the king , that daniel , who is of the children of the captivity of judah , does n't regard you , o king , nor the interdict that you have signed , but makes his petition three times a day .
to him who made the great lights ; for his loving kindness endures forever :
this is the history of the generations of noah . noah was a righteous man , blameless among the people of his time . noah walked with god .
she spoke to him according to these words , saying , the hebrew servant , whom you have brought to us , came in to me to mock me ,
in those days , while mordecai was sitting in the king 's gate , two of the king 's chamberlains , bigthan and teresh , of those who kept the threshold , were angry , and sought to lay hands on the king ahasuerus .
pharaoh said , behold , the people of the land are now many , and you make them rest from their burdens .
he also drove out the nations before them , allotted them for an inheritance by line , and made the tribes of israel to dwell in their tents .
the grace of our lord jesus christ be with your spirit . amen .
yahweh said to moses , when you go back into egypt , see that you do before pharaoh all the wonders which i have put in your hand , but i will harden his heart and he will not let the people go .
her nobles were purer than snow , they were whiter than milk ; they were more ruddy in body than rubies , their polishing was as of sapphire .
concerning jehoiakim king of judah you shall say , thus says yahweh : you have burned this scroll , saying , why have you written therein , saying , the king of babylon shall certainly come and destroy this land , and shall cause to cease from there man and animal ?
yahweh said to joshua , get you up ; why are you thus fallen on your face ?
in that hour the disciples came to jesus , saying , who then is greatest in the kingdom of heaven ?
for your arrows have pierced me , your hand presses hard on me .
he went with him , and a great multitude followed him , and they pressed upon him on all sides .
he overlaid also the house , the beams , the thresholds , and the walls of it , and the doors of it , with gold ; and engraved cherubim on the walls .
for thus says yahweh , behold , i will sling out the inhabitants of the land at this time , and will distress them , that they may feel it .
that your days may be multiplied , and the days of your children , in the land which yahweh swore to your fathers to give them , as the days of the heavens above the earth .
rehoboam went to shechem ; for all israel were come to shechem to make him king .
go you , inquire of yahweh for me , and for the people , and for all judah , concerning the words of this book that is found ; for great is the wrath of yahweh that is kindled against us , because our fathers have not listened to the words of this book , to do according to all that which is written concerning us .
how he entered into the house of god when abiathar was high priest , and ate the show bread , which it is not lawful to eat except for the priests , and gave also to those who were with him ?
and their meal offering , fine flour mixed with oil , three tenth parts for every bull of the thirteen bulls , two tenth parts for each ram of the two rams ,
demetrius has the testimony of all , and of the truth itself ; yes , we also testify , and you know that our testimony is true .
if now you have understanding , hear this . listen to the voice of my words .
let my tongue sing of your word , for all your commandments are righteousness .
he said , do n't lay your hand on the boy , neither do anything to him . for now i know that you fear god , seeing you have not withheld your son , your only son , from me .
preaching boldly in the name of the lord . he spoke and disputed against the hellenists , but they were seeking to kill him .
and i will clothe him with your robe , and strengthen him with your belt . i will commit your government into his hand ; and he will be a father to the inhabitants of jerusalem , and to the house of judah .
and they entered into the boat , and were going over the sea to capernaum . it was now dark , and jesus had not come to them .
their father said to them , which way did he go ? now his sons had seen which way the man of god went , who came from judah .
behold , i come quickly . blessed is he who keeps the words of the prophecy of this book .
moses turned , and went down from the mountain , with the two tablets of the testimony in his hand ; tablets that were written on both their sides ; on the one side and on the other they were written .
great is yahweh , and greatly to be praised ! his greatness is unsearchable .
my dwelling is removed , and is carried away from me like a shepherd 's tent . i have rolled up , like a weaver , my life . he will cut me off from the loom . from day even to night you will make an end of me .
jesus said to him , you shall love the lord your god with all your heart , and with all your soul , and with all your mind . '
azariah the priest went in after him , and with him eighty priests of yahweh , who were valiant men :
saul said , cast lots between me and jonathan my son . jonathan was taken .
remove your scourge away from me . i am overcome by the blow of your hand .
there the centurion found a ship of alexandria sailing for italy , and he put us on board .
the children of israel shall pitch their tents , every man by his own camp , and every man by his own standard , according to their divisions .
therefore the children of israel do n't eat the sinew of the hip , which is on the hollow of the thigh , to this day , because he touched the hollow of jacob 's thigh in the sinew of the hip .
then hezekiah commanded to prepare chambers in the house of yahweh ; and they prepared them .
saying , what do you think of the christ ? whose son is he ? they said to him , of david .
i have therefore my boasting in christ jesus in things pertaining to god .
those who were numbered of them , of the tribe of naphtali , were fifty - three thousand four hundred .
so my heavenly father will also do to you , if you do n't each forgive your brother from your hearts for his misdeeds .
the waters receded from the earth continually . after the end of one hundred fifty days the waters decreased .
then justice will dwell in the wilderness ; and righteousness will remain in the fruitful field .
knowing that the putting off of my tent comes swiftly , even as our lord jesus christ made clear to me .
the king answered , i know of a certainty that you would gain time , because you see the thing is gone from me .
how the christ must suffer , and how , by the resurrection of the dead , he would be first to proclaim light both to these people and to the gentiles .
but you , brothers , do n't be weary in doing well .
the egyptians pursued after them : all the horses and chariots of pharaoh , his horsemen , and his army ; and overtook them encamping by the sea , beside pihahiroth , before baal zephon .
in the twenty - fourth day of the month , in the sixth month , in the second year of darius the king .
and they shall bring the glory and the honor of the nations into it so that they may enter .
know this for sure , that no sexually immoral person , nor unclean person , nor covetous man , who is an idolater , has any inheritance in the kingdom of christ and god .
nor can they prove to you the things of which they now accuse me .
for thus says the lord yahweh : i will bring up a company against them , and will give them to be tossed back and forth and robbed .
he took him into the field of zophim , to the top of pisgah , and built seven altars , and offered up a bull and a ram on every altar .
so you also have some who hold to the teaching of the nicolaitans likewise .
moses commanded the children of israel according to the word of yahweh , saying , the tribe of the sons of joseph speaks right .
whoever robs his father or his mother , and says , it 's not wrong . he is a partner with a destroyer .
therefore we said , let us now prepare to build us an altar , not for burnt offering , nor for sacrifice :
salvation belongs to yahweh . your blessing be on your people . selah .
and saying , if you are the king of the jews , save yourself !
when i came to you , brothers , i did n't come with excellence of speech or of wisdom , proclaiming to you the testimony of god .
she hurried , and emptied her pitcher into the trough , and ran again to the well to draw , and drew for all his camels .
moses wrote their goings out according to their journeys by the commandment of yahweh : and these are their journeys according to their goings out .
when you go , your steps will not be hampered . when you run , you will not stumble .
i will put forth my hand and strike egypt with all my wonders which i will do in the midst of it , and after that he will let you go .
the captain of the guard took seraiah the chief priest , and zephaniah the second priest , and the three keepers of the threshold :
another angel came out from the temple , crying with a loud voice to him who sat on the cloud , send forth your sickle , and reap ; for the hour to reap has come ; for the harvest of the earth is ripe !
beside the gates , at the entry of the city , at the entry doors , she cries aloud :
in that time , a present will be brought to yahweh of armies from a people tall and smooth , even from a people awesome from their beginning onward , a nation that measures out and treads down , whose land the rivers divide , to the place of the name of yahweh of armies , mount zion .
they shall go forth , and look on the dead bodies of the men who have transgressed against me : for their worm shall not die , neither shall their fire be quenched ; and they shall be an abhorring to all flesh .
be glad in yahweh , you righteous people ! give thanks to his holy name .
pay attention to him , and listen to his voice . do n't provoke him , for he will not pardon your disobedience , for my name is in him .
but let your yes ' be yes ' and your no ' be no . ' whatever is more than these is of the evil one .
for thus says yahweh : david shall never want a man to sit on the throne of the house of israel ;
but of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil , you shall not eat of it ; for in the day that you eat of it you will surely die .
but i will sing of your strength . yes , i will sing aloud of your loving kindness in the morning . for you have been my high tower , a refuge in the day of my distress .
you are wearied in the multitude of your counsels : let now the astrologers , the stargazers , the monthly prognosticators , stand up , and save you from the things that shall come on you .
he said , i saw all israel scattered on the mountains , as sheep that have no shepherd : and yahweh said , these have no master ; let them return every man to his house in peace .
you shall hang up the veil under the clasps , and shall bring the ark of the testimony in there within the veil : and the veil shall separate the holy place from the most holy for you .
one who winks his eyes to plot perversities , one who compresses his lips , is bent on evil .
korah assembled all the congregation against them to the door of the tent of meeting : and the glory of yahweh appeared to all the congregation .
the sea coast will be pastures , with cottages for shepherds and folds for flocks .
joshua the son of nun was full of the spirit of wisdom ; for moses had laid his hands on him : and the children of israel listened to him , and did as yahweh commanded moses .
god has spoken once , twice i have heard this , that power belongs to god .
therefore turn to your god . keep kindness and justice , and wait continually for your god .
for their rock is not as our rock , even our enemies themselves being judges .
judah said to israel , his father , send the boy with me , and we 'll get up and go , so that we may live , and not die , both we , and you , and also our little ones .
they brought horses for solomon out of egypt , and out of all lands .
for david did n't ascend into the heavens , but he says himself , the lord said to my lord , sit by my right hand ,
to timothy , my beloved child : grace , mercy , and peace , from god the father and christ jesus our lord .
now in return , i speak as to my children , you also be open wide .
shall they not teach you , tell you , and utter words out of their heart ?
i heard one speaking to me out of the house ; and a man stood by me .
many waters ca n't quench love , neither can floods drown it . if a man would give all the wealth of his house for love , he would be utterly scorned . friends
one young bull , one ram , one male lamb a year old , for a burnt offering ;
vindicate me , yahweh my god , according to your righteousness ; do n't let them gloat over me .
under their hand was an army , three hundred thousand and seven thousand and five hundred , who made war with mighty power , to help the king against the enemy .
but it happened , when nebuchadnezzar king of babylon came up into the land , that we said , come , and let us go to jerusalem for fear of the army of the chaldeans , and for fear of the army of the syrians ; so we dwell at jerusalem .
i know your works , oppression , and your poverty ( but you are rich ) , and the blasphemy of those who say they are jews , and they are not , but are a synagogue of satan .
cursed be he who does n't confirm the words of this law to do them . all the people shall say , amen .
when the children of ammon saw that they were become odious to david , the children of ammon sent and hired the syrians of beth rehob , and the syrians of zobah , twenty thousand footmen , and the king of maacah with one thousand men , and the men of tob twelve thousand men .
son of man , because tyre has said against jerusalem , aha , she is broken : the gate of the peoples ; she is turned to me ; i shall be replenished , now that she is laid waste :
he offered for his offering : one silver platter , the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels , one silver bowl of seventy shekels , after the shekel of the sanctuary ; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering ;
praise yahweh , jerusalem ! praise your god , zion !
but woe to those who are with child and to those who nurse babies in those days !
like a fluttering sparrow , like a darting swallow , so the undeserved curse does n't come to rest .
he who is truthful testifies honestly , but a false witness lies .
my skin grows black and peels from me . my bones are burned with heat .
for whoever finds me , finds life , and will obtain favor from yahweh .
over the king 's treasures was azmaveth the son of adiel : and over the treasures in the fields , in the cities , and in the villages , and in the towers , was jonathan the son of uzziah :
all the people went to gilgal ; and there they made saul king before yahweh in gilgal ; and there they offered sacrifices of peace offerings before yahweh ; and there saul and all the men of israel rejoiced greatly .
have n't you poured me out like milk , and curdled me like cheese ?
for it was of yahweh to harden their hearts , to come against israel in battle , that he might utterly destroy them , that they might have no favor , but that he might destroy them , as yahweh commanded moses .
but you said , no , for we will flee on horses ; therefore you will flee ; and , we will ride on the swift ; therefore those who pursue you will be swift .
yahweh , your hand is lifted up , yet they do n't see ; but they will see your zeal for the people , and be disappointed . yes , fire will consume your adversaries .
unleavened bread , unleavened cakes mixed with oil , and unleavened wafers anointed with oil : you shall make them of fine wheat flour .
even as jannes and jambres opposed moses , so do these also oppose the truth ; men corrupted in mind , reprobate concerning the faith .
for ships of kittim shall come against him ; therefore he shall be grieved , and shall return , and have indignation against the holy covenant , and shall do his pleasure : he shall even return , and have regard to those who forsake the holy covenant .
but you will go to your fathers in peace . you will be buried in a good old age .
out of the spoil won in battles did they dedicate to repair the house of yahweh .
he called for lights and sprang in , and , fell down trembling before paul and silas ,
the fifth angel sounded , and i saw a star from the sky which had fallen to the earth . the key to the pit of the abyss was given to him .
so david rose up early , he and his men , to depart in the morning , to return into the land of the philistines . the philistines went up to jezreel .
a great sign was seen in heaven : a woman clothed with the sun , and the moon under her feet , and on her head a crown of twelve stars .
that you may eat and drink at my table in my kingdom . you will sit on thrones , judging the twelve tribes of israel .
the earthen vessel , which he who has the discharge touches , shall be broken ; and every vessel of wood shall be rinsed in water .
command you the people , saying , you are to pass through the border of your brothers the children of esau , who dwell in seir ; and they will be afraid of you : take good heed to yourselves therefore ;
for i know my transgressions . my sin is constantly before me .
thus says yahweh , the god of israel , behold , i will turn back the weapons of war that are in your hands , with which you fight against the king of babylon , and against the chaldeans who besiege you , without the walls ; and i will gather them into the midst of this city .
hear my prayer , yahweh ! let my cry come to you .
so pursue them with your tempest , and terrify them with your storm .
he said these things , and after that , he said to them , our friend , lazarus , has fallen asleep , but i am going so that i may awake him out of sleep .
then men shall say , because they forsook the covenant of yahweh , the god of their fathers , which he made with them when he brought them forth out of the land of egypt ,
now therefore do n't hold him guiltless , for you are a wise man ; and you will know what you ought to do to him , and you shall bring his gray head down to sheol with blood .
the sons of gad lived over against them , in the land of bashan to salecah :
but jonathan did n't hear when his father charged the people with the oath : therefore he put forth the end of the rod who was in his hand , and dipped it in the honeycomb , and put his hand to his mouth ; and his eyes were enlightened .
if then god gave to them the same gift as us , when we believed in the lord jesus christ , who was i , that i could withstand god ?
you were dead through your trespasses and the uncircumcision of your flesh . he made you alive together with him , having forgiven us all our trespasses ,
you shall fall by the sword ; i will judge you in the border of israel ; and you shall know that i am yahweh .
love is patient and is kind ; love does n't envy . love does n't brag , is not proud ,
you shall teach them the statutes and the laws , and shall show them the way in which they must walk , and the work that they must do .
when the mourning was past , david sent and took her home to his house , and she became his wife , and bore him a son . but the thing that david had done displeased yahweh .
the messenger said to david , the men prevailed against us , and came out to us into the field , and we were on them even to the entrance of the gate .
for the earth bears fruit : first the blade , then the ear , then the full grain in the ear .
they were willing therefore to receive him into the boat . immediately the boat was at the land where they were going .
but i tell you that elijah has come , and they have also done to him whatever they wanted to , even as it is written about him .
hushai said moreover , you know your father and his men , that they are mighty men , and they are fierce in their minds , as a bear robbed of her cubs in the field ; and your father is a man of war , and will not lodge with the people .
your father made our yoke grievous : now therefore make you the grievous service of your father , and his heavy yoke which he put on us , lighter , and we will serve you .
neither with you only do i make this covenant and this oath ,
but he answered them , when it is evening , you say , it will be fair weather , for the sky is red . '
thus were the travels of the children of israel according to their armies ; and they set forward .
do n't neglect the gift that is in you , which was given to you by prophecy , with the laying on of the hands of the elders .
in time of security shall he come even on the fattest places of the province ; and he shall do that which his fathers have not done , nor his fathers ' fathers ; he shall scatter among them prey , and spoil , and substance : yes , he shall devise his devices against the strongholds , even for a time .
moses answered them , wait , that i may hear what yahweh will command concerning you .
jeroboam said to his wife , please get up and disguise yourself , that you not be known to be the wife of jeroboam ; and get you to shiloh : behold , there is ahijah the prophet , who spoke concerning me that i should be king over this people .
and desiring to be fed with the crumbs that fell from the rich man 's table . yes , even the dogs came and licked his sores .
azariah the chief priest , of the house of zadok , answered him and said , since the people began to bring the offerings into the house of yahweh , we have eaten and had enough , and have left plenty : for yahweh has blessed his people ; and that which is left is this great store .
that i may give wealth to those who love me . i fill their treasuries .
how then would the scriptures be fulfilled that it must be so ?
they are all plain to him who understands , right to those who find knowledge .
now therefore , if it seem good to the king , let there be search made in the king 's treasure house , which is there at babylon , whether it be so , that a decree was made of cyrus the king to build this house of god at jerusalem ; and let the king send his pleasure to us concerning this matter .
if we say that we have no sin , we deceive ourselves , and the truth is not in us .
the sun will not harm you by day , nor the moon by night .
the mountains quake before him , and the hills melt away . the earth trembles at his presence , yes , the world , and all who dwell in it .
why should you be beaten more , that you revolt more and more ? the whole head is sick , and the whole heart faint .
you shall eat , but not be satisfied . your humiliation will be in your midst . you will store up , but not save ; and that which you save i will give up to the sword .
yahweh has commanded concerning you : no more descendants will bear your name . out of the house of your gods , will i cut off the engraved image and the molten image . i will make your grave , for you are vile .
he brought in the priests and the levites , and gathered them together into the broad place on the east ,
as yahweh commanded moses , so he numbered them in the wilderness of sinai .
let the stars of the twilight of it be dark . let it look for light , but have none , neither let it see the eyelids of the morning ,
it shall happen in the latter days , that the mountain of yahweh 's house shall be established on the top of the mountains , and shall be raised above the hills ; and all nations shall flow to it .
let every wise - hearted man among you come , and make all that yahweh has commanded :
do you open your eyes on such a one , and bring me into judgment with you ?
and you shall keep it until the fourteenth day of the same month ; and the whole assembly of the congregation of israel shall kill it at evening .
yahweh saw that leah was hated , and he opened her womb , but rachel was barren .
if you walk contrary to me , and wo n't listen to me , then i will bring seven times more plagues on you according to your sins .
we 'll find all valuable wealth . we 'll fill our houses with spoil .
and because you are children , god sent out the spirit of his son into your hearts , crying , abba , father !
a wild donkey used to the wilderness , that snuffs up the wind in her desire ; in her occasion who can turn her away ? all those who seek her will not weary themselves ; in her month they shall find her .
it was told him by some saying , your mother and your brothers stand outside , desiring to see you .
the king 's favor is toward a servant who deals wisely , but his wrath is toward one who causes shame .
the father of circumcision to those who not only are of the circumcision , but who also walk in the steps of that faith of our father abraham , which he had in uncircumcision .
his servants conspired against him , and put him to death in his own house .
my enemies reproach me all day . those who are mad at me use my name as a curse .
because of your indignation and your wrath , for you have taken me up , and thrown me away .
only you shall not eat the blood ; you shall pour it out on the earth as water .
believe me that i am in the father , and the father in me ; or else believe me for the very works ' sake .
he who sent me is with me . the father has n't left me alone , for i always do the things that are pleasing to him .
observe that which i command you this day . behold , i drive out before you the amorite , the canaanite , the hittite , the perizzite , the hivite , and the jebusite .
he who loves father or mother more than me is not worthy of me ; and he who loves son or daughter more than me is n't worthy of me .
let us make , please , a little chamber on the wall ; and let us set for him there a bed , and a table , and a seat , and a lamp stand : and it shall be , when he comes to us , that he shall turn in there .
the sons of the prophets who were at bethel came forth to elisha , and said to him , do you know that yahweh will take away your master from your head today ? he said , yes , i know it ; hold your peace .
it is better that you should not vow , than that you should vow and not pay .
then answered david and said to ahimelech the hittite , and to abishai the son of zeruiah , brother to joab , saying , who will go down with me to saul to the camp ? abishai said , i will go down with you .
but i worked for my name 's sake , that it should not be profaned in the sight of the nations , in whose sight i brought them out .
will you show partiality to him ? will you contend for god ?
do n't be deceived , my beloved brothers .
for the mind of the flesh is death , but the mind of the spirit is life and peace ;
on that day yahweh magnified joshua in the sight of all israel ; and they feared him , as they feared moses , all the days of his life .
slanderous men have been in you to shed blood ; and in you they have eaten on the mountains : in the midst of you they have committed lewdness .
when they were by jebus , the day was far spent ; and the servant said to his master , please come and let us turn aside into this city of the jebusites , and lodge in it .
in the fullness of his sufficiency , distress shall overtake him : the hand of everyone who is in misery shall come on him .
from there he went against the inhabitants of debir . ( now the name of debir before was kiriath sepher . )
he said to me , write , blessed are those who are invited to the marriage supper of the lamb . ' he said to me , these are true words of god .
this we will do to them , and let them live ; lest wrath be on us , because of the oath which we swore to them .
he went and joined himself to one of the citizens of that country , and he sent him into his fields to feed pigs .
others , mocking , said , they are filled with new wine .
i said to her , you shall stay with me many days . you shall not play the prostitute , and you shall not be with any other man . i will also be so toward you .
therefore he was obligated in all things to be made like his brothers , that he might become a merciful and faithful high priest in things pertaining to god , to make atonement for the sins of the people .
none of them can by any means redeem his brother , nor give god a ransom for him .
when it was day , he called his disciples , and from them he chose twelve , whom he also named apostles :
while they see for you false visions , while they divine lies to you , to lay you on the necks of the wicked who are deadly wounded , whose day is come in the time of the iniquity of the end .
with absalom went two hundred men out of jerusalem , who were invited , and went in their simplicity ; and they did n't know anything .
however he does n't mean so , neither does his heart think so ; but it is in his heart to destroy , and to cut off not a few nations .
house and riches are an inheritance from fathers , but a prudent wife is from yahweh .
now , israel , what does yahweh your god require of you , but to fear yahweh your god , to walk in all his ways , and to love him , and to serve yahweh your god with all your heart and with all your soul ,
if he brings a lamb as his offering for a sin offering , he shall bring a female without blemish .
he said , i have observed all these things from my youth up .
in the latter time of their kingdom , when the transgressors are come to the full , a king of fierce face , and understanding dark sentences , shall stand up .
they came to jerusalem with psalteries and harps and trumpets to the house of yahweh .
but now , brothers , if i come to you speaking with other languages , what would i profit you , unless i speak to you either by way of revelation , or of knowledge , or of prophesying , or of teaching ?
would your wealth sustain you in distress , or all the might of your strength ?
all the people who were in the city were called together to pursue after them : and they pursued after joshua , and were drawn away from the city .
jacob traveled to succoth , built himself a house , and made shelters for his livestock . therefore the name of the place is called succoth .
and said to them , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , to whom you sent me to present your supplication before him :
they said one to another , we are certainly guilty concerning our brother , in that we saw the distress of his soul , when he begged us , and we would n't listen . therefore this distress has come upon us .
when the jubilee of the children of israel shall be , then will their inheritance be added to the inheritance of the tribe whereunto they shall belong : so will their inheritance be taken away from the inheritance of the tribe of our fathers .
all the cities which you shall give to the levites shall be forty - eight cities ; them shall you give with their suburbs .
then came the word of yahweh to jeremiah , saying ,
neither is it beyond the sea , that you should say , who shall go over the sea for us , and bring it to us , and make us to hear it , that we may do it ?
he who observes the day , observes it to the lord ; and he who does not observe the day , to the lord he does not observe it . he who eats , eats to the lord , for he gives god thanks . he who does n't eat , to the lord he does n't eat , and gives god thanks .
if someone ventures to talk with you , will you be grieved ? but who can withhold himself from speaking ?
and the body of jezebel shall be as dung on the face of the field in the portion of jezreel , so that they shall not say , this is jezebel .
but the man who touches them must be armed with iron and the staff of a spear : they shall be utterly burned with fire in their place
my son , let them not depart from your eyes . keep sound wisdom and discretion :
for he does not afflict willingly , nor grieve the children of men .
to me , the very least of all saints , was this grace given , to preach to the gentiles the unsearchable riches of christ ,
accept , i beg you , the willing offerings of my mouth . yahweh , teach me your ordinances .
i make a decree , that in all the dominion of my kingdom men tremble and fear before the god of daniel ; for he is the living god , and steadfast forever , his kingdom that which shall not be destroyed ; and his dominion shall be even to the end .
when she had brought them near to him to eat , he took hold of her , and said to her , come , lie with me , my sister .
when he has made her drink the water , then it shall happen , if she is defiled , and has committed a trespass against her husband , that the water that causes the curse will enter into her and become bitter , and her body will swell , and her thigh will fall away : and the woman will be a curse among her people .
now there were with us seven brothers . the first married and died , and having no seed left his wife to his brother .
at the return of the year king nebuchadnezzar sent , and brought him to babylon , with the goodly vessels of the house of yahweh , and made zedekiah his brother king over judah and jerusalem .
the anger of yahweh shall not return , until he has executed , and until he have performed the intents of his heart : in the latter days you shall understand it perfectly .
most assuredly i tell you , whatever things you will bind on earth will be have been bound in heaven , and whatever things you will release on earth will have been released in heaven .
let the house of aaron now say that his loving kindness endures forever .
moses said to the judges of israel , kill you everyone his men who have joined themselves to baal peor .
he has put in his heart that he may teach , both he , and oholiab , the son of ahisamach , of the tribe of dan .
because of this , he must offer sacrifices for sins for the people , as well as for himself .
why did the knees receive me ? or why the breast , that i should suck ?
yes , while i was speaking in prayer , the man gabriel , whom i had seen in the vision at the beginning , being caused to fly swiftly , touched me about the time of the evening offering .
let brotherly love continue .
they shall no more sacrifice their sacrifices to the goat idols , after which they play the prostitute . this shall be a statute forever to them throughout their generations . '
who can bring a clean thing out of an unclean ? not one .
sorrowing most of all because of the word which he had spoken , that they should see his face no more . and they accompanied him to the ship .
his division , and those who were numbered of them , were seventy - four thousand six hundred .
he said to me , son of man , see you what they do ? even the great abominations that the house of israel do commit here , that i should go far off from my sanctuary ? but you shall again see yet other great abominations .
since the world began it has never been heard of that anyone opened the eyes of someone born blind .
moses said , consecrate yourselves today to yahweh , yes , every man against his son , and against his brother ; that he may bestow on you a blessing this day .
the watchman said , the morning comes , and also the night . if you will inquire , inquire . come back again .
the sun to rule by day ; for his loving kindness endures forever ;
in that day , says yahweh , there will be the noise of a cry from the fish gate , a wailing from the second quarter , and a great crashing from the hills .
i will open rivers on the bare heights , and springs in the midst of the valleys . i will make the wilderness a pool of water , and the dry land springs of water .
i will remember yah 's deeds ; for i will remember your wonders of old .
now therefore know and consider what you will do ; for evil is determined against our master , and against all his house : for he is such a worthless fellow that one ca n't speak to him .
so jehu the son of jehoshaphat the son of nimshi conspired against joram . ( now joram was keeping ramoth gilead , he and all israel , because of hazael king of syria ;
for the ways of man are before the eyes of yahweh . he examines all his paths .
nevertheless they did n't depart from the sins of the house of jeroboam , with which he made israel to sin , but walked therein : and there remained the asherah also in samaria . )
then came jeremiah from topheth , where yahweh had sent him to prophesy ; and he stood in the court of yahweh 's house , and said to all the people :
the children of benjamin did so , and took them wives , according to their number , of those who danced , whom they carried off : and they went and returned to their inheritance , and built the cities , and lived in them .
on the fourth day ten bulls , two rams , fourteen male lambs a year old without blemish ;
he said to them , lodge here this night , and i will bring you word again , as yahweh shall speak to me : and the princes of moab abode with balaam .
you shall not oppress a hired servant who is poor and needy , whether he be of your brothers , or of your foreigners who are in your land within your gates :
but he , turning around , and seeing his disciples , rebuked peter , and said , get behind me , satan ! for you have in mind not the things of god , but the things of men .
but we ourselves will be ready armed to go before the children of israel , until we have brought them to their place : and our little ones shall dwell in the fortified cities because of the inhabitants of the land .
judah said to his brothers , what profit is it if we kill our brother and conceal his blood ?
the jordan was the border of it on the east quarter . this was the inheritance of the children of benjamin , by the borders of it round about , according to their families .
for thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel : houses and fields and vineyards shall yet again be bought in this land .
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old , everyone who entered in to do the work of service , and the work of bearing burdens in the tent of meeting ,
by this was god 's love revealed in us , that god has sent his one and only son into the world that we might live through him .
and with you will i break in pieces the horse and his rider ;
he shall burn the garment , whether the warp or the woof , in wool or in linen , or anything of skin , in which the plague is : for it is a destructive mildew . it shall be burned in the fire .
and the cloth that had been on his head , not lying with the linen cloths , but rolled up in a place by itself .
but when he saw many of the pharisees and sadducees coming for his baptism , he said to them , you offspring of vipers , who warned you to flee from the wrath to come ?
he said to the disciples , the days will come , when you will desire to see one of the days of the son of man , and you will not see it .
it was a sabbath when jesus made the mud and opened his eyes .
yahweh , you have seen my wrong ; judge you my cause .
if a man lies with his uncle 's wife , he has uncovered his uncle 's nakedness : they shall bear their sin ; they shall die childless .
they grieved isaac 's and rebekah 's spirits .
now therefore , my lord , as yahweh lives , and as your soul lives , seeing yahweh has withheld you from blood guiltiness , and from avenging yourself with your own hand , now therefore let your enemies , and those who seek evil to my lord , be as nabal .
for you are the god of my strength . why have you rejected me ? why do i go mourning because of the oppression of the enemy ?
now the rest of the acts of ahab , and all that he did , and the ivory house which he built , and all the cities that he built , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of israel ?
they brought him to him , and when he saw him , immediately the spirit convulsed him , and he fell on the ground , wallowing and foaming at the mouth .
truth springs out of the earth . righteousness has looked down from heaven .
he sent among them swarms of flies , which devoured them ; and frogs , which destroyed them .
now there were four leprous men at the entrance of the gate : and they said one to another , why sit we here until we die ?
he said , come ! peter stepped down from the boat , and walked on the waters to come to jesus .
now he who made us for this very thing is god , who also gave to us the down payment of the spirit .
do n't give your strength to women , nor your ways to that which destroys kings .
see , yahweh ; for i am in distress ; my heart is troubled ; my heart is turned within me ; for i have grievously rebelled : abroad the sword bereaves , at home there is as death .
i will praise you , lord my god , with my whole heart . i will glorify your name forevermore .
the burden of babylon , which isaiah the son of amoz saw :
lest i strip her naked , and make her bare as in the day that she was born , and make her like a wilderness , and set her like a dry land , and kill her with thirst .
but he denied it before them all , saying , i do n't know what you are talking about .
foreigners will dwell in ashdod , and i will cut off the pride of the philistines .
the first went , and poured out his bowl into the earth , and it became a harmful and evil sore on the people who had the mark of the beast , and who worshiped his image .
he teaches my hands to war ; so that my arms bend a bow of bronze .
he shall bring the bull to the door of the tent of meeting before yahweh ; and he shall lay his hand on the head of the bull , and kill the bull before yahweh .
let me sing for my well beloved a song of my beloved about his vineyard . my beloved had a vineyard on a very fruitful hill .
and out of the city he took an officer who was set over the men of war ; and seven men of those who saw the king 's face , who were found in the city ; and the scribe of the captain of the army , who mustered the people of the land ; and sixty men of the people of the land , who were found in the midst of the city .
and will make an offering by fire to yahweh , a burnt offering , or a sacrifice , to accomplish a vow , or as a freewill offering , or in your set feasts , to make a sweet savor to yahweh , of the herd , or of the flock ;
in the same day both abraham and ishmael , his son , were circumcised .
now david went back and forth from saul to feed his father 's sheep at bethlehem .
now therefore , if you will indeed obey my voice , and keep my covenant , then you shall be my own possession from among all peoples ; for all the earth is mine ;
neither have we obeyed the voice of yahweh our god , to walk in his laws , which he set before us by his servants the prophets .
may the high praises of god be in their mouths , and a two - edged sword in their hand ;
saying , do n't touch my anointed ones , do my prophets no harm .
an honest answer is like a kiss on the lips .
great is yahweh , and greatly to be praised , in the city of our god , in his holy mountain .
there was a great famine in samaria : and behold , they besieged it , until a donkey 's head was sold for eighty pieces of silver , and the fourth part of a kab of dove 's dung for five pieces of silver .
so i will sing praise to your name forever , that i may fulfill my vows daily .
it will happen in that day , that living waters will go out from jerusalem ; half of them toward the eastern sea , and half of them toward the western sea ; in summer and in winter will it be .
if they be married to any of the sons of the other tribes of the children of israel , then will their inheritance be taken away from the inheritance of our fathers , and will be added to the inheritance of the tribe whereunto they shall belong : so will it be taken away from the lot of our inheritance .
a foolish son is the calamity of his father . a wife 's quarrels are a continual dripping .
there went out a champion out of the camp of the philistines , named goliath , of gath , whose height was six cubits and a span .
then i returned and saw all the oppressions that are done under the sun : and behold , the tears of those who were oppressed , and they had no comforter ; and on the side of their oppressors there was power ; but they had no comforter .
now it happened on the third day , that esther put on her royal clothing , and stood in the inner court of the king 's house , over against the king 's house : and the king sat on his royal throne in the royal house , over against the entrance of the house .
he took agag the king of the amalekites alive , and utterly destroyed all the people with the edge of the sword .
they baked unleavened cakes of the dough which they brought forth out of egypt ; for it was n't leavened , because they were thrust out of egypt , and could n't wait , neither had they prepared for themselves any food .
so david prevailed over the philistine with a sling and with a stone , and struck the philistine , and killed him ; but there was no sword in the hand of david .
therefore i tell you , all things whatever you pray and ask for , believe that you have received them , and you shall have them .
you shall sell me food for money , that i may eat ; and give me water for money , that i may drink : only let me pass through on my feet ,
and jehoiakim the king sent men into egypt , namely , elnathan the son of achbor , and certain men with him , into egypt ;
so naomi returned , and ruth the moabitess , her daughter - in - law , with her , who returned out of the country of moab : and they came to bethlehem in the beginning of barley harvest .
having the same conflict which you saw in me , and now hear is in me .
be careful that you do n't do your charitable giving before men , to be seen by them , or else you have no reward from your father who is in heaven .
jacob did so , and fulfilled her week . he gave him rachel his daughter as wife .
lord , i beg you , let now your ear be attentive to the prayer of your servant , and to the prayer of your servants , who delight to fear your name ; and please prosper your servant this day , and grant him mercy in the sight of this man . now i was cup bearer to the king .
on the next day , he was determined to go out into galilee , and he found philip . jesus said to him , follow me .
jehoshaphat slept with his fathers , and was buried with his fathers in the city of david his father ; jehoram his son reigned in his place .
seeing that you seek a proof of christ who speaks in me ; who toward you is not weak , but is powerful in you .
abimelech fought against the city all that day ; and he took the city , and killed the people who were therein : and he beat down the city , and sowed it with salt .
it shall be on aaron 's forehead , and aaron shall bear the iniquity of the holy things , which the children of israel shall make holy in all their holy gifts ; and it shall be always on his forehead , that they may be accepted before yahweh .
and all their wealth . they took captive all their little ones and their wives , and took as plunder everything that was in the house .
i tell you that he will avenge them quickly . nevertheless , when the son of man comes , will he find faith on the earth ?
in their streets , they dress themselves in sackcloth . in their streets and on their housetops , everyone wails , weeping abundantly .
he works to the north , but i ca n't see him ; he turns south , but i ca n't catch a glimpse of him .
therefore the fathers shall eat the sons in the midst of you , and the sons shall eat their fathers ; and i will execute judgments on you ; and the whole remnant of you will i scatter to all the winds .
for whoever will be ashamed of me and of my words , of him will the son of man be ashamed , when he comes in his glory , and the glory of the father , and of the holy angels .
blessed is the nation whose god is yahweh , the people whom he has chosen for his own inheritance .
they cut their provender in the field . they glean the vineyard of the wicked .
but concerning the resurrection of the dead , have n't you read that which was spoken to you by god , saying ,
therefore they will carry away the abundance they have gotten , and that which they have stored up , over the brook of the willows .
that which the rest of the people gave was twenty thousand darics of gold , and two thousand minas of silver , and sixty - seven priests ' garments .
and we will take ten men of one hundred throughout all the tribes of israel , and one hundred of one thousand , and a thousand out of ten thousand , to get food for the people , that they may do , when they come to gibeah of benjamin , according to all the folly that they have worked in israel .
likewise when all the jews who were in moab , and among the children of ammon , and in edom , and who were in all the countries , heard that the king of babylon had left a remnant of judah , and that he had set over them gedaliah the son of ahikam , the son of shaphan ;
again , assuredly i tell you , that if two of you will agree on earth concerning anything that they will ask , it will be done for them by my father who is in heaven .
it happened in the month nisan , in the twentieth year of artaxerxes the king , when wine was before him , that i took up the wine , and gave it to the king . now i had not been before sad in his presence .
a perverse heart will be far from me . i will have nothing to do with evil .
you shall not uncover the nakedness of your father 's sister : she is your father 's near kinswoman .
he will say , cast up , cast up , prepare the way , take up the stumbling - block out of the way of my people .
he took food and was strengthened . saul stayed several days with the disciples who were at damascus .
but absalom pressed him , and he let amnon and all the king 's sons go with him .
then went abimelech to thebez , and encamped against thebez , and took it .
the skillfully woven band that was on it , with which to fasten it on , was of the same piece , like its work ; of gold , of blue , purple , scarlet , and fine twined linen ; as yahweh commanded moses .
all the saints greet you .
if it seem evil to you to serve yahweh , choose you this day whom you will serve ; whether the gods which your fathers served that were beyond the river , or the gods of the amorites , in whose land you dwell : but as for me and my house , we will serve yahweh .
a certain man saw it , and told joab , and said , behold , i saw absalom hanging in an oak .
for i speak to you who are gentiles . since then as i am an apostle to gentiles , i glorify my ministry ;
now at that time the king of babylon 's army was besieging jerusalem ; and jeremiah the prophet was shut up in the court of the guard , which was in the king of judah 's house .
for a multitude of the people , even many of ephraim and manasseh , issachar and zebulun , had not cleansed themselves , yet did they eat the passover otherwise than it is written . for hezekiah had prayed for them , saying , the good yahweh pardon everyone
like as a woman with child , who draws near the time of her delivery , is in pain and cries out in her pangs ; so we have been before you , yahweh .
for the son of man will come in the glory of his father with his angels , and then he will render to everyone according to his deeds .
abimelech chased him , and he fled before him , and there fell many wounded , even to the entrance of the gate .
when they were by the house of micah , they knew the voice of the young man the levite ; and they turned aside there , and said to him , who brought you here ? and what do you in this place ? and what have you here ?
then said david , will the men of keilah deliver up to me and my men into the hand of saul ? yahweh said , they will deliver you up .
jethro rejoiced for all the goodness which yahweh had done to israel , in that he had delivered them out of the hand of the egyptians .
therefore will i give their wives to others , and their fields to those who shall possess them : for everyone from the least even to the greatest is given to covetousness ; from the prophet even to the priest every one deals falsely .
thomas answered him , my lord and my god !
but in his own time revealed his word in the message with which i was entrusted according to the commandment of god our savior ;
then washed i you with water ; yes , i thoroughly washed away your blood from you , and i anointed you with oil .
the sluggard says , there is a lion outside ! i will be killed in the streets !
nebuchadnezzar king of babylon came to the city , while his servants were besieging it ;
in the second year of joash son of joahaz king of israel began amaziah the son of joash king of judah to reign .
they have made it a desolation ; it mourns to me , being desolate ; the whole land is made desolate , because no man lays it to heart .
the finely worked garmentsthe holy garments for aaron the priestthe garments of his sons to minister in the priest 's office ,
it happened , when they had eaten up the grain which they had brought out of egypt , their father said to them , go again , buy us a little more food .
behold , as your life was much set by this day in my eyes , so let my life be much set by in the eyes of yahweh , and let him deliver me out of all oppression .
see now that i , even i , am he , there is no god with me : i kill , and i make alive ; i wound , and i heal ; there is none who can deliver out of my hand .
but even in those days , says yahweh , i will not make a full end with you .
listen , islands , to me ; and listen , you peoples , from far : yahweh has called me from the womb ; from the bowels of my mother has he made mention of my name :
therefore i began to cause my heart to despair concerning all the labor in which i had labored under the sun .
in the thirty - eighth year of asa king of judah began ahab the son of omri to reign over israel : and ahab the son of omri reigned over israel in samaria twenty - two years .
through you , will we push down our adversaries . through your name , will we tread them under who rise up against us .
then that which was spoken through jeremiah the prophet was fulfilled , saying , they took the thirty pieces of silver , the price of him upon whom a price had been set , whom some of the children of israel priced ,
edom shall become an astonishment : everyone who passes by it shall be astonished , and shall hiss at all the plagues of it .
but thanks be to god , that , whereas you were bondservants of sin , you became obedient from the heart to that form of teaching whereunto you were delivered .
six years you shall sow your field , and six years you shall prune your vineyard , and gather in its fruits ;
it happened , while they were greatly perplexed about this , behold , two men stood by them in dazzling clothing .
he sent hadoram his son to king david , to greet him , and to bless him , because he had fought against hadarezer and struck him ; ( for hadarezer had wars with tou ;) and he had with him all manner of vessels of gold and silver and brass .
we said to my lord , the boy ca n't leave his father : for if he should leave his father , his father would die . '
do n't incline my heart to any evil thing , to practice deeds of wickedness with men who work iniquity . do n't let me eat of their delicacies .
bear one another 's burdens , and so fulfill the law of christ .
tell wisdom , you are my sister . call understanding your relative ,
simon peter went up , and drew the net to land , full of great fish , one hundred fifty - three ; and even though there were so many , the net was n't torn .
your silver and your gold is mine ; your wives also and your children , even the best , are mine .
for none of us lives to himself , and none dies to himself .
even those did cyrus king of persia bring forth by the hand of mithredath the treasurer , and numbered them to sheshbazzar , the prince of judah .
and you shall break down their altars , and dash in pieces their pillars , and burn their asherim with fire ; and you shall cut down the engraved images of their gods ; and you shall destroy their name out of that place .
and there were six steps to the throne , with a footstool of gold , which were fastened to the throne , and stays on either side by the place of the seat , and two lions standing beside the stays .
has he struck them as he struck those who struck them ? or are they killed like those who killed them were killed ?
but you , god , will bring them down into the pit of destruction . bloodthirsty and deceitful men shall not live out half their days , but i will trust in you .
nob , the city of the priests , struck he with the edge of the sword , both men and women , children and nursing babies , and oxen and donkeys and sheep , with the edge of the sword .
you say also , behold , what a weariness it is ! ' and you have sniffed at it , says yahweh of armies ; and you have brought that which was taken by violence , the lame , and the sick ; thus you bring the offering . should i accept this at your hand ? says yahweh .
then said jeremiah to them , thus shall you tell zedekiah :
he chooses our inheritance for us , the glory of jacob whom he loved . selah .
having been reminded of the unfeigned faith that is in you ; which lived first in your grandmother lois , and your mother eunice , and , i am persuaded , in you also .
you shall tell them , this is the nation that has not listened to the voice of yahweh their god , nor received instruction : truth is perished , and is cut off from their mouth .
wisdom rests in the heart of one who has understanding , and is even made known in the inward part of fools .
and he shall lay his hand on its head , and kill it before the tent of meeting ; and the sons of aaron shall sprinkle its blood on the altar round about .
the second took her as wife , and he died childless .
hide me from the conspiracy of the wicked , from the noisy crowd of the ones doing evil ;
who gave him a charge over the earth ? or who has appointed him over the whole world ?
they shall live , and to him shall be given of the gold of sheba . men shall pray for him continually . they shall bless him all day long .
who is this king of glory ? yahweh of armies , he is the king of glory . selah .
you have despised my holy things , and have profaned my sabbaths .
now you say , go , tell your lord , behold , elijah is here ; and he will kill me .
immediately he took soldiers and centurions , and ran down to them . they , when they saw the chief captain and the soldiers , stopped beating paul .
the poles shall be in the rings of the ark . they shall not be taken from it .
i will surely hide my face in that day for all the evil which they shall have worked , in that they are turned to other gods .
on an appointed day , herod dressed himself in royal clothing , sat on the throne , and gave a speech to them .
ezra the priest brought the law before the assembly , both men and women , and all who could hear with understanding , on the first day of the seventh month .
but when moses went in before yahweh to speak with him , he took the veil off , until he came out ; and he came out , and spoke to the children of israel that which he was commanded .
for your servants take pleasure in her stones , and have pity on her dust .
a fool shows his annoyance the same day , but one who overlooks an insult is prudent .
my soul has observed your testimonies . i love them exceedingly .
you returned and wept before yahweh ; but yahweh did n't listen to your voice , nor gave ear to you .
how much more will the blood of christ , who through the eternal spirit offered himself without blemish to god , cleanse your conscience from dead works to serve the living god ?
when they had mocked him , they took the robe off of him , and put his clothes on him , and led him away to crucify him .
behold , a king shall reign in righteousness , and princes shall rule in justice .
i turned to see the voice that spoke with me . having turned , i saw seven golden lampstands .
because they have forsaken me , and have burned incense to other gods , that they might provoke me to anger with all the works of their hands ; therefore is my wrath poured out on this place , and it shall not be quenched .
for he will deliver you from the snare of the fowler , and from the deadly pestilence .
nevertheless leave the stump of its roots in the earth , even with a band of iron and brass , in the tender grass of the field ; and let it be wet with the dew of the sky : and let his portion be with the animals in the grass of the earth :
in beatings , in imprisonments , in riots , in labors , in watchings , in fastings ;
as babylon has caused the slain of israel to fall , so at babylon shall fall the slain of all the land .
rehoboam went to shechem : for all israel were come to shechem to make him king .
wo n't the uncircumcision which is by nature , if it fulfills the law , judge you , who with the letter and circumcision are a transgressor of the law ?
isaiah said these things when he saw his glory , and spoke of him .
he brought them to the border of his sanctuary , to this mountain , which his right hand had taken .
he made the boards for the tent : twenty boards for the south side southward .
those who devise mischief in their hearts . they continually gather themselves together for war .
for the king 's word is supreme . who can say to him , what are you doing ?
the disciples told him , rabbi , the jews were just trying to stone you , and are you going there again ?
your adversaries have roared in the midst of your assembly . they have set up their standards as signs .
on this i awakened , and saw ; and my sleep was sweet to me .
like cold water to a thirsty soul , so is good news from a far country .
we know that god does n't listen to sinners , but if anyone is a worshipper of god , and does his will , he listens to him .
yet was she carried away . she went into captivity . her young children also were dashed in pieces at the head of all the streets , and they cast lots for her honorable men , and all her great men were bound in chains .
the taskmasters of the people went out , and their officers , and they spoke to the people , saying , this is what pharaoh says : i will not give you straw .
after him ibzan of bethlehem judged israel .
yahweh sent an angel , who cut off all the mighty men of valor , and the leaders and captains , in the camp of the king of assyria . so he returned with shame of face to his own land . when he was come into the house of his god , those who came forth from his own bowels killed him there with the sword .
as for me , in the first year of darius the mede , i stood up to confirm and strengthen him .
he shall dwell in that city , until he stand before the congregation for judgment , until the death of the high priest that shall be in those days : then shall the manslayer return , and come to his own city , and to his own house , to the city from whence he fled .
you shall not add to the word which i command you , neither shall you diminish from it , that you may keep the commandments of yahweh your god which i command you .
i will bless her , and moreover i will give you a son by her . yes , i will bless her , and she will be a mother of nations . kings of peoples will come from her .
even the dust from your city that clings to us , we wipe off against you . nevertheless know this , that the kingdom of god has come near to you . '
you shall see it , and your heart shall rejoice , and your bones shall flourish like the tender grass : and the hand of yahweh shall be known toward his servants ; and he will have indignation against his enemies .
moreover i will make you a desolation and a reproach among the nations that are round about you , in the sight of all that pass by .
one golden ladle of ten shekels , full of incense ;
however the high places were not taken away ; the people still sacrificed and burnt incense in the high places .
therefore thus says yahweh , who redeemed abraham , concerning the house of jacob : jacob shall no longer be ashamed , neither shall his face grow pale .
i speak by way of disparagement , as though we had been weak . yet however any is bold ( i speak in foolishness ) , i am bold also .
samuel took a sucking lamb , and offered it for a whole burnt offering to yahweh : and samuel cried to yahweh for israel ; and yahweh answered him .
of gold by weight for the vessels of gold , for all vessels of every kind of service ; of silver for all the vessels of silver by weight , for all vessels of every kind of service ;
i will betroth you to me forever . yes , i will betroth you to me in righteousness , in justice , in loving kindness , and in compassion .
ephraim surrounds me with falsehood , and the house of israel with deceit . judah still strays from god , and is unfaithful to the holy one .
therefore her young men shall fall in her streets , and all the men of war shall be brought to silence in that day , says yahweh of armies .
for we know that the whole creation groans and travails in pain together until now .
have mercy on me , yahweh , for i am faint . yahweh , heal me , for my bones are troubled .
if gilead is wicked , surely they are worthless . in gilgal they sacrifice bulls . indeed , their altars are like heaps in the furrows of the field .
but peter said to him , may your silver perish with you , because you thought you could obtain the gift of god with money !
now it was in the heart of david my father to build a house for the name of yahweh , the god of israel .
draw water for the siege . strengthen your fortresses . go into the clay , and tread the mortar . make the brick kiln strong .
they called to lot , and said to him , where are the men who came in to you this night ? bring them out to us , that we may have sex with them .
they asked him , tell us : by what authority do you do these things ? or who is giving you this authority ?
i am still confident of this : i will see the goodness of yahweh in the land of the living .
this thing became a sin ; for the people went to worship before the one , even to dan .
the doors of the side chambers were toward the place that was left , one door toward the north , and another door toward the south : and the breadth of the place that was left was five cubits round about .
the king of assyria carried israel away to assyria , and put them in halah , and on the habor , the river of gozan , and in the cities of the medes ,
i thank my god whenever i remember you ,
i have put my words in your mouth , and have covered you in the shadow of my hand , that i may plant the heavens , and lay the foundations of the earth , and tell zion , you are my people .
but to wear sandals , and not put on two tunics .
he took it into his hands , and went on , eating as he went ; and he came to his father and mother , and gave to them , and they ate : but he did n't tell them that he had taken the honey out of the body of the lion .
for you know the grace of our lord jesus christ , that , though he was rich , yet for your sakes he became poor , that you through his poverty might become rich .
as he was going out into the way , one ran to him , knelt before him , and asked him , good teacher , what shall i do that i may inherit eternal life ?
the young man who told him said , as i happened by chance on mount gilboa , behold , saul was leaning on his spear ; and behold , the chariots and the horsemen followed hard after him .
drought and heat consume the snow waters ; so does sheol those who have sinned .
bel bows down , nebo stoops ; their idols are on the animals , and on the livestock : the things that you carried about are made a load , a burden to the weary animal .
joseph said to them , what deed is this that you have done ? do n't you know that such a man as i can indeed divine ?
take the choice of the flock , and also a pile of wood for the bones under the caldron ; make it boil well ; yes , let the bones of it be boiled in the midst of it .
to the woman he said , i will greatly multiply your pain in childbirth . in pain you will bring forth children . your desire will be for your husband , and he will rule over you .
they shall build houses , and inhabit them ; and they shall plant vineyards , and eat the fruit of them .
he was there with yahweh forty days and forty nights ; he neither ate bread , nor drank water . he wrote on the tablets the words of the covenant , the ten commandments .
the day that you stood before yahweh your god in horeb , when yahweh said to me , assemble me the people , and i will make them hear my words , that they may learn to fear me all the days that they live on the earth , and that they may teach their children .
since it is a righteous thing with god to repay affliction to those who afflict you ,
yet , yahweh , you know all their counsel against me to kill me ; do n't forgive their iniquity , neither blot out their sin from your sight ; but let them be overthrown before you ; deal you with them in the time of your anger .
whose voice shook the earth , then , but now he has promised , saying , yet once more i will shake not only the earth , but also the heavens .
not of works , that no one would boast .
whom will he teach knowledge ? to whom will he explain the message ? those who are weaned from the milk , and drawn from the breasts ?
and resen between nineveh and calah ( the same is the great city ) .
is this thing done by my lord the king , and you have n't shown to your servants who should sit on the throne of my lord the king after him ?
therefore let him who speaks in another language pray that he may interpret .
it happened , as he came near jericho , a certain blind man sat by the road , begging .
thus says yahweh to this people , even so have they loved to wander ; they have not refrained their feet : therefore yahweh does not accept them ; now he will remember their iniquity , and visit their sins .
but when the chief priests and the scribes saw the wonderful things that he did , and the children who were crying in the temple and saying , hosanna to the son of david ! they were indignant ,
sarah , my master 's wife , bore a son to my master when she was old . he has given all that he has to him .
declare his glory among the nations , his marvelous works among all the peoples .
wisdom is before the face of one who has understanding , but the eyes of a fool wander to the ends of the earth .
now it happened in the days of ahasuerus ( this is ahasuerus who reigned from india even to ethiopia , over one hundred twenty - seven provinces ) ,
who confirms the word of his servant , and performs the counsel of his messengers ; who says of jerusalem , she shall be inhabited ; and of the cities of judah , they shall be built , and i will raise up the waste places of it ;
this is the cause why joshua did circumcise : all the people who came forth out of egypt , who were males , even all the men of war , died in the wilderness by the way , after they came forth out of egypt .
now therefore let your hands be strong , and be you valiant ; for saul your lord is dead , and also the house of judah have anointed me king over them .
the mouth of the righteous is a spring of life , but violence covers the mouth of the wicked .
the ones who had been sent were from the pharisees .
for whatever is born of god overcomes the world . this is the victory that has overcome the world : your faith .
the priest of jupiter , whose temple was in front of their city , brought oxen and garlands to the gates , and would have made a sacrifice along with the multitudes .
when his disciples , james and john , saw this , they said , lord , do you want us to command fire to come down from the sky , and destroy them , just as elijah did ?
he shall keep in order the lamps on the pure gold lampstand before yahweh continually .
does he thank that servant because he did the things that were commanded ? i think not .
who was faithful to him who appointed him , as also was moses in all his house .
philip opened his mouth , and beginning from this scripture , preached to him jesus .
you offspring of vipers , how can you , being evil , speak good things ? for out of the abundance of the heart , the mouth speaks .
his splendor is like the sunrise . rays shine from his hand , where his power is hidden .
someone told jacob , and said , behold , your son joseph comes to you , and israel strengthened himself , and sat on the bed .
for i will give you a mouth and wisdom which all your adversaries will not be able to withstand or to contradict .
if your brother , the son of your mother , or your son , or your daughter , or the wife of your bosom , or your friend , who is as your own soul , entice you secretly , saying , let us go and serve other gods , which you have not known , you , nor your fathers ;
when did we see you sick , or in prison , and come to you ? '
when she recognized peter 's voice , she did n't open the gate for joy , but ran in , and reported that peter was standing in front of the gate .
joshua said , hereby you shall know that the living god is among you , and that he will without fail drive out from before you the canaanite , and the hittite , and the hivite , and the perizzite , and the girgashite , and the amorite , and the jebusite .
but on the next day they left the horsemen to go with him , and returned to the barracks .
there shall be no yeast seen with you in all your borders seven days ; neither shall any of the flesh , which you sacrifice the first day at even , remain all night until the morning .
jesus said to him , today , salvation has come to this house , because he also is a son of abraham .
all the kings of the earth sought the presence of solomon , to hear his wisdom , which god had put in his heart .
yet a little while , and the world will see me no more ; but you will see me . because i live , you will live also .
and for the sacrifice of peace offerings , two oxen , five rams , five male goats , and five male lambs a year old . this was the offering of eliab the son of helon .
then they laid their hands on them , and they received the holy spirit .
the seven angels who had the seven trumpets prepared themselves to sound .
moses said to aaron , take your censer , and put fire therein from off the altar , and lay incense thereon , and carry it quickly to the congregation , and make atonement for them : for there is wrath gone out from yahweh ; the plague is begun .
the king said , let him turn to his own house , but let him not see my face . so absalom turned to his own house , and did n't see the king 's face .
but his face fell at that saying , and he went away sorrowful , for he was one who had great possessions .
surely you shall not come into the land , concerning which i swore that i would make you dwell therein , save caleb the son of jephunneh , and joshua the son of nun .
and when we cried to yahweh , he heard our voice , and sent an angel , and brought us forth out of egypt : and behold , we are in kadesh , a city in the uttermost of your border .
but there shall be no more gloom for her who was in anguish . in the former time , he brought into contempt the land of zebulun and the land of naphtali ; but in the latter time he has made it glorious , by the way of the sea , beyond the jordan , galilee of the nations .
for his eyes are on the ways of a man , he sees all his goings .
it happened that the beggar died , and that he was carried away by the angels to abraham 's bosom . the rich man also died , and was buried .
they , when they heard it , were glad , and promised to give him money . he sought how he might conveniently deliver him .
blessed shall you be in the city , and blessed shall you be in the field .
but the queen vashti refused to come at the king 's commandment by the chamberlains : therefore was the king very angry , and his anger burned in him .
so that i come again to my father 's house in peace , and yahweh will be my god ,
every male among the priests shall eat of it : it is most holy .
in this love has been made perfect among us , that we may have boldness in the day of judgment , because as he is , even so are we in this world .
who also made us sufficient as servants of a new covenant ; not of the letter , but of the spirit . for the letter kills , but the spirit gives life .
he shall not honor his father or mother . ' you have made the commandment of god void because of your tradition .
david did as god commanded him : and they struck the army of the philistines from gibeon even to gezer .
we , being jews by nature , and not gentile sinners ,
but if he shall make them null and void after that he has heard them , then he shall bear her iniquity .
according to the foreknowledge of god the father , in sanctification of the spirit , that you may obey jesus christ and be sprinkled in his blood : grace to you and peace be multiplied .
let your father and your mother be glad ! let her who bore you rejoice !
behold , this is the joy of his way : out of the earth shall others spring .
he does n't withdraw his eyes from the righteous , but with kings on the throne , he sets them forever , and they are exalted .
david abode in the wilderness in the strongholds , and remained in the hill country in the wilderness of ziph . saul sought him every day , but god did n't deliver him into his hand .
there were beams in three rows , and window was over against window in three ranks .
appoint for you three men of each tribe : and i will send them , and they shall arise , and walk through the land , and describe it according to their inheritance ; and they shall come to me .
the earth will stagger like a drunken man , and will sway back and forth like a hammock . its disobedience will be heavy on it , and it will fall and not rise again .
therefore seeing we have this ministry , even as we obtained mercy , we do n't faint .
they shall bring all your brothers out of all the nations for an offering to yahweh , on horses , and in chariots , and in litters , and on mules , and on dromedaries , to my holy mountain jerusalem , says yahweh , as the children of israel bring their offering in a clean vessel into the house of yahweh .
when the servant of the man of god was risen early , and gone forth , behold , an army with horses and chariots was round about the city . his servant said to him , alas , my master ! how shall we do ?
jesus said to him , because you have seen me , you have believed . blessed are those who have not seen , and have believed .
all vision has become to you like the words of a book that is sealed , which men deliver to one who is educated , saying , read this , please ; and he says , i ca n't , for it is sealed :
speak also to the children of israel , saying , most assuredly you shall keep my sabbaths : for it is a sign between me and you throughout your generations ; that you may know that i am yahweh who sanctifies you .
then king david sent , and fetched him out of the house of machir the son of ammiel , from lo debar .
unless those days had been shortened , no flesh would have been saved . but for the sake of the chosen ones , those days will be shortened .
also hosah , of the children of merari , had sons : shimri the chief , ( for though he was not the firstborn , yet his father made him chief ) ,
for the kingdom of god is not in word , but in power .
to the beloved apphia , to archippus , our fellow soldier , and to the assembly in your house :
and have cast their gods into the fire ; for they were no gods , but the work of men 's hands , wood and stone ; therefore they have destroyed them .
he made from one blood every nation of men to dwell on all the surface of the earth , having determined appointed seasons , and the boundaries of their dwellings ,
because they have forsaken me , and have burned incense to other gods , that they might provoke me to anger with all the work of their hands , therefore my wrath shall be kindled against this place , and it shall not be quenched .
mordecai told him of all that had happened to him , and the exact sum of the money that haman had promised to pay to the king 's treasuries for the jews , to destroy them .
all the presidents of the kingdom , the deputies and the satraps , the counselors and the governors , have consulted together to establish a royal statute , and to make a strong interdict , that whoever shall ask a petition of any god or man for thirty days , save of you , o king , he shall be cast into the den of lions .
yahweh god said , behold , the man has become like one of us , knowing good and evil . now , lest he put forth his hand , and also take of the tree of life , and eat , and live forever ...
and take double money in your hand , and take back the money that was returned in the mouth of your sacks . perhaps it was an oversight .
furthermore , my son , be admonished : of making many books there is no end ; and much study is a weariness of the flesh .
we inform the king that , if this city be built , and the walls finished , by this means you shall have no portion beyond the river .
but abishai the son of zeruiah helped him , and struck the philistine , and killed him . then the men of david swore to him , saying , you shall go no more out with us to battle , that you do n't quench the lamp of israel .
moab has been at ease from his youth , and he has settled on his lees , and has not been emptied from vessel to vessel , neither has he gone into captivity : therefore his taste remains in him , and his scent is not changed .
immediately all the multitude , when they saw him , were greatly amazed , and running to him greeted him .
all were weeping and mourning her , but he said , do n't weep . she is n't dead , but sleeping .
we are orphans and fatherless ; our mothers are as widows .
yahweh spoke to moses and to aaron , saying ,
gaal the son of ebed said , who is abimelech , and who is shechem , that we should serve him ? is n't he the son of jerubbaal ? and zebul his officer ? serve you the men of hamor the father of shechem : but why should we serve him ?
for herod feared john , knowing that he was a righteous and holy man , and kept him safe . when he heard him , he did many things , and he heard him gladly .
but they insisted , saying , he stirs up the people , teaching throughout all judea , beginning from galilee even to this place .
when evening came , he went out of the city .
she said to the king , it was a true report that i heard in my own land of your acts , and of your wisdom .
the multitude therefore that was with him when he called lazarus out of the tomb , and raised him from the dead , was testifying about it .
it grew great , even to the army of the sky ; and some of the army and of the stars it cast down to the ground , and trampled on them .
with great power , the apostles gave their testimony of the resurrection of the lord jesus . great grace was on them all .
according to the tenor of the law which they shall teach you , and according to the judgment which they shall tell you , you shall do ; you shall not turn aside from the sentence which they shall show you , to the right hand , nor to the left .
then you will understand righteousness and justice , equity and every good path .
the nations were angry , and your wrath came , as did the time for the dead to be judged , and to give your bondservants the prophets , their reward , as well as to the saints , and those who fear your name , to the small and the great ; and to destroy those who destroy the earth .
and ramoth with its suburbs , and anem with its suburbs ;
when he had come into the house , the blind men came to him . jesus said to them , do you believe that i am able to do this ? they told him , yes , lord .
but it happened that when sanballat heard that we were building the wall , he was angry , and took great indignation , and mocked the jews .
samson said to them , if you do after this manner , surely i will be avenged of you , and after that i will cease .
tax collectors also came to be baptized , and they said to him , teacher , what must we do ?
there assembled at jerusalem much people to keep the feast of unleavened bread in the second month , a very great assembly .
every creeping thing that creeps on the earth is an abomination . it shall not be eaten .
if he dedicates his field from the year of jubilee , according to your valuation it shall stand .
this is the offering of aaron and of his sons , which they shall offer to yahweh in the day when he is anointed : the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour for a meal offering perpetually , half of it in the morning , and half of it in the evening .
the high priest stood up , and said to him , have you no answer ? what is this that these testify against you ?
now when they heard this , they were cut to the heart , and said to peter and the rest of the apostles , brothers , what shall we do ?
woe to the wicked ! disaster is upon them ; for the deeds of his hands will be paid back to him .
one has committed abomination with his neighbor 's wife ; and another has lewdly defiled his daughter - in - law ; and another in you has humbled his sister , his father 's daughter .
oil for the light , spices for the anointing oil and for the sweet incense ,
moses charged the people the same day , saying ,
remember this , and show yourselves men ; bring it again to mind , you transgressors .
it was so , when midday was past , that they prophesied until the time of the offering of the evening offering ; but there was neither voice , nor any to answer , nor any who regarded .
the people murmured against moses , saying , what shall we drink ?
she said , no one , lord . jesus said , neither do i condemn you . go your way . from now on , sin no more .
it will happen afterward , that i will pour out my spirit on all flesh ; and your sons and your daughters will prophesy . your old men will dream dreams . your young men will see visions .
it was so , that as often as the king went into the house of yahweh , the guard bore them , and brought them back into the guard chamber .
let us fear therefore , lest perhaps a promise being left of entering into his rest , anyone of you should seem to have come short of it .
i will call for a sword against him to all my mountains , says the lord yahweh : every man 's sword shall be against his brother .
all the trees of the field shall know that i , yahweh , have brought down the high tree , have exalted the low tree , have dried up the green tree , and have made the dry tree to flourish ; i , yahweh , have spoken and have done it .
you have taken away all your wrath . you have turned from the fierceness of your anger .
when the chief baker saw that the interpretation was good , he said to joseph , i also was in my dream , and behold , three baskets of white bread were on my head .
therefore god also highly exalted him , and gave to him the name which is above every name ;
from the daughter of zion all her majesty is departed : her princes are become like harts that find no pasture , they are gone without strength before the pursuer .
grace to you and peace be multiplied in the knowledge of god and of jesus our lord ,
yahweh showed me four craftsmen .
he began to speak to them in parables . a man planted a vineyard , put a hedge around it , dug a pit for the winepress , built a tower , rented it out to a farmer , and went into another country .
the plans of the diligent surely lead to profit ; and everyone who is hasty surely rushes to poverty .
he answered him , unbelieving generation , how long shall i be with you ? how long shall i bear with you ? bring him to me .
but your little ones , that you said should be a prey , them will i bring in , and they shall know the land which you have rejected .
let these words sink into your ears , for the son of man will be delivered up into the hands of men .
when the almighty scattered kings in her , it snowed on zalmon .
he said to abram , know for sure that your seed will live as foreigners in a land that is not theirs , and will serve them . they will afflict them four hundred years .
whoever remains in him does n't sin . whoever sins has n't seen him , neither knows him .
therefore do n't be anxious for tomorrow , for tomorrow will be anxious for itself . each day 's own evil is sufficient .
now when i had returned , behold , on the bank of the river were very many trees on the one side and on the other .
asher did n't drive out the inhabitants of acco , nor the inhabitants of sidon , nor of ahlab , nor of achzib , nor of helbah , nor of aphik , nor of rehob ;
to cleanse the house he shall take two birds , and cedar wood , and scarlet , and hyssop .
you can catch a lizard with your hands , yet it is in kings ' palaces .
and the best seats in the synagogues , and the best places at feasts :
then david inquired of yahweh yet again . yahweh answered him , and said , arise , go down to keilah ; for i will deliver the philistines into your hand .
and thus the secrets of his heart are revealed . so he will fall down on his face and worship god , declaring that god is among you indeed .
and hukok with its suburbs , and rehob with its suburbs ;
he feeds on ashes ; a deceived heart has turned him aside ; and he ca n't deliver his soul , nor say , is there not a lie in my right hand ?
when he had said this , he showed them his hands and his feet .
he stayed yet another seven days , and sent forth the dove ; and she did n't return to him any more .
on the eighth day he sent the people away ; and they blessed the king , and went to their tents joyful and glad of heart for all the goodness that yahweh had shown to david his servant , and to israel his people .
hear another parable . there was a man who was a master of a household , who planted a vineyard , set a hedge about it , dug a winepress in it , built a tower , leased it out to farmers , and went into another country .
therefore i beg you to take some food , for this is for your safety ; for not a hair will perish from any of your heads .
even so ought husbands also to love their own wives as their own bodies . he who loves his own wife loves himself .
how weak is your heart , says the lord yahweh , seeing you do all these things , the work of an impudent prostitute ;
a man shall be satisfied with good by the fruit of his mouth . the work of a man 's hands shall be rewarded to him .
righteousness guards the way of integrity , but wickedness overthrows the sinner .
in the morning you shall say , would it were even ! and at even you shall say , would it were morning ! for the fear of your heart which you shall fear , and for the sight of your eyes which you shall see .
then they asked him , who is the man who said to you , take up your mat , and walk ' ?
for even in thessalonica you sent once and again to my need .
he who receives a prophet in the name of a prophet will receive a prophet 's reward : and he who receives a righteous man in the name of a righteous man will receive a righteous man 's reward .
then i will also walk contrary to you ; and i will strike you , even i , seven times for your sins .
his name shall be called in israel , the house of him who has his shoe untied .
if a man lies carnally with a woman who is a slave girl , pledged to be married to another man , and not ransomed , or given her freedom ; they shall be punished . they shall not be put to death , because she was not free .
in that day you will say , give thanks to yahweh ! call on his name . declare his doings among the peoples . proclaim that his name is exalted !
now the rest of the acts of jeroboam , and all that he did , and his might , how he warred , and how he recovered damascus , and hamath , which had belonged to judah , for israel , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of israel ?
he plots iniquity on his bed . he sets himself in a way that is not good ; he does n't abhor evil .
in that day i will raise up the tent of david who is fallen , and close up its breaches , and i will raise up its ruins , and i will build it as in the days of old ;
therefore you shall no more see false visions , nor practice divination . i will deliver my people out of your hand ; and you shall know that i am yahweh .
now absalom in his lifetime had taken and reared up for himself the pillar , which is in the king 's dale ; for he said , i have no son to keep my name in memory : and he called the pillar after his own name ; and it is called absalom 's monument , to this day .
the words of a gossip are like dainty morsels : they go down into a person 's innermost parts .
then the people of the land took jehoahaz the son of josiah , and made him king in his father 's place in jerusalem .
then will i pluck them up by the roots out of my land which i have given them ; and this house , which i have made holy for my name , will i cast out of my sight , and i will make it a proverb and a byword among all peoples .
for we did not follow cunningly devised fables , when we made known to you the power and coming of our lord jesus christ , but we were eyewitnesses of his majesty .
he said to him , son , you are always with me , and all that is mine is yours .
but god chose the foolish things of the world that he might put to shame those who are wise . god chose the weak things of the world , that he might put to shame the things that are strong ;
however , the son by the handmaid was born according to the flesh , but the son by the free woman was born through promise .
the crown of pride of the drunkards of ephraim will be trodden under foot .
now it fell on a day , that jonathan the son of saul said to the young man who bore his armor , come , and let us go over to the philistines ' garrison , that is on yonder side . but he did n't tell his father .
in the beginning god created the heavens and the earth .
they said to him , thus says hezekiah , this day is a day of trouble , and of rebuke , and of rejection ; for the children are come to the birth , and there is not strength to bring forth .
so moses wrote this song the same day , and taught it the children of israel .
going on from there , he saw two other brothers , james the son of zebedee , and john his brother , in the boat with zebedee their father , mending their nets . he called them .
how are the mighty fallen in the midst of the battle ! jonathan is slain on your high places .
the nazirite shall shave the head of his separation at the door of the tent of meeting , and shall take the hair of the head of his separation , and put it on the fire which is under the sacrifice of peace offerings .
in their sight shall you bear it on your shoulder , and carry it forth in the dark ; you shall cover your face , that you do n't see the land : for i have set you for a sign to the house of israel .
i love yahweh , because he listens to my voice , and my cries for mercy .
and they mourned , and wept , and fasted until even , for saul , and for jonathan his son , and for the people of yahweh , and for the house of israel ; because they were fallen by the sword .
he gave them into the hand of the nations . those who hated them ruled over them .
now the rest of the acts of manasseh , and all that he did , and his sin that he sinned , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of judah ?
adah gave birth to jabal , who was the father of those who dwell in tents and have livestock .
between the chambers was a breadth of twenty cubits round about the house on every side .
in that hour jesus said to the multitudes , have you come out as against a robber with swords and clubs to seize me ? i sat daily in the temple teaching , and you did n't arrest me .
huram continued , blessed be yahweh , the god of israel , that made heaven and earth , who has given to david the king a wise son , endowed with discretion and understanding , that should build a house for yahweh , and a house for his kingdom .
now the rest of the acts of josiah , and all that he did , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of judah ?
then came the word of yahweh to samuel , saying ,
let all things be done decently and in order .
the lords of the philistines came up to her , and said to her , entice him , and see in which his great strength lies , and by what means we may prevail against him , that we may bind him to afflict him : and we will each give you of us eleven hundred pieces of silver .
he followed her immediately , as an ox goes to the slaughter , as a fool stepping into a noose .
my soul shall boast in yahweh . the humble shall hear of it , and be glad .
then they said , what shall be the trespass offering which we shall return to him ? they said , five golden tumors , and five golden mice , according to the number of the lords of the philistines ; for one plague was on you all , and on your lords .
the same day did the king make the middle of the court holy that was before the house of yahweh ; for there he offered the burnt offering , and the meal offering , and the fat of the peace offerings , because the brazen altar that was before yahweh was too little to receive the burnt offering , and the meal offering , and the fat of the peace offerings .
arrogant speech is n't fitting for a fool , much less do lying lips fit a prince .
moreover he built cities in the hill country of judah , and in the forests he built castles and towers .
though he is fruitful among his brothers , an east wind will come , the breath of yahweh coming up from the wilderness ; and his spring will become dry , and his fountain will be dried up . he will plunder the storehouse of treasure .
as it is written , there is no one righteous . no , not one .
his malice may be concealed by deception , but his wickedness will be exposed in the assembly .
so they went up , and spied out the land from the wilderness of zin to rehob , to the entrance of hamath .
then let our faces be looked on before you , and the face of the youths who eat of the king 's dainties ; and as you see , deal with your servants .
yahweh is gracious , merciful , slow to anger , and of great loving kindness .
joseph arose from his sleep , and did as the angel of the lord commanded him , and took his wife to himself ;
all the days of his separation he shall eat nothing that is made of the grapevine , from the seeds even to the skins .
he made two golden rings for it under its molding crown , on its two ribs , on its two sides , for places for poles with which to carry it .
praise him , all his angels ! praise him , all his army !
was n't it told my lord what i did when jezebel killed the prophets of yahweh , how i hid one hundred men of yahweh 's prophets by fifty in a cave , and fed them with bread and water ?
in that same hour jesus rejoiced in the holy spirit , and said , i thank you , o father , lord of heaven and earth , that you have hidden these things from the wise and understanding , and revealed them to little children . yes , father , for so it was well - pleasing in your sight .
and the pattern of all that he had by the spirit , for the courts of the house of yahweh , and for all the surrounding rooms , for the treasuries of the house of god , and for the treasuries of the dedicated things ;
you shall roast and eat it in the place which yahweh your god shall choose : and you shall turn in the morning , and go to your tents .
they have seen falsehood and lying divination , who say , yahweh says ; but yahweh has not sent them : and they have made men to hope that the word would be confirmed .
yet i had planted you a noble vine , wholly a right seed : how then are you turned into the degenerate branches of a foreign vine to me ?
therefore judge nothing before the time , until the lord comes , who will both bring to light the hidden things of darkness , and reveal the counsels of the hearts . then each man will get his praise from god .
the heaved thigh and the waved breast they shall bring with the offerings made by fire of the fat , to wave it for a wave offering before yahweh : and it shall be yours , and your sons ' with you , as a portion forever ; as yahweh has commanded .
some also there were that said , we are mortgaging our fields , and our vineyards , and our houses : let us get grain , because of the dearth .
every man 's holy things shall be his : whatever any man gives the priest , it shall be his .
this also would be an iniquity to be punished by the judges ; for i should have denied the god who is above .
on the tenth day of this seventh month you shall have a holy convocation ; and you shall afflict your souls : you shall do no manner of work ;
a certain beggar , named lazarus , was laid at his gate , full of sores ,
jesus said to her , woman , what does that have to do with you and me ? my hour has not yet come .
for the children of israel shall abide many days without king , and without prince , and without sacrifice , and without sacred stone , and without ephod or idols .
the door for the middle side chambers was in the right side of the house : and they went up by winding stairs into the middle story , and out of the middle into the third .
now the chief priests and the pharisees had commanded that if anyone knew where he was , he should report it , that they might seize him .
when i wept and i fasted , that was to my reproach .
and said to them , you shall not bring in the captives here : for you purpose that which will bring on us a trespass against yahweh , to add to our sins and to our trespass ; for our trespass is great , and there is fierce wrath against israel .
if you shall say in your heart , these nations are more than i ; how can i dispossess them ?
they , having heard the king , went their way ; and behold , the star , which they saw in the east , went before them , until it came and stood over where the young child was .
praise yahweh ! sing to yahweh a new song , his praise in the assembly of the saints .
he said , if the syrians be too strong for me , then you shall help me ; but if the children of ammon be too strong for you , then i will help you .
though men be risen up to pursue you , and to seek your soul , yet the soul of my lord shall be bound in the bundle of life with yahweh your god ; and the souls of your enemies , them shall he sling out , as from the hollow of a sling .
for if i would desire to boast , i will not be foolish ; for i will speak the truth . but i refrain , so that no man may think more of me than that which he sees in me , or hears from me .
how much worse punishment , do you think , will he be judged worthy of , who has trodden under foot the son of god , and has counted the blood of the covenant with which he was sanctified an unholy thing , and has insulted the spirit of grace ?
all the oxen for the burnt offering twelve bulls , the rams twelve , the male lambs a year old twelve , and their meal offering ; and the male goats for a sin offering twelve ;
i know your works ( behold , i have set before you an open door , which no one can shut ) , that you have a little power , and kept my word , and did n't deny my name .
thus did moses : as yahweh commanded him , so did he .
they brought seven bulls , and seven rams , and seven lambs , and seven male goats , for a sin offering for the kingdom and for the sanctuary and for judah . he commanded the priests the sons of aaron to offer them on the altar of yahweh .
and it shall be with him , and he shall read therein all the days of his life ; that he may learn to fear yahweh his god , to keep all the words of this law and these statutes , to do them ;
but jesus said to him , leave the dead to bury their own dead , but you go and announce the kingdom of god .
they took the coat of many colors , and they brought it to their father , and said , we have found this . examine it , now , whether it is your son 's coat or not .
they scoff and speak with malice . in arrogance , they threaten oppression .
let those who seek after my soul be disappointed and brought to dishonor . let those who plot my ruin be turned back and confounded .
even now , behold , my witness is in heaven . he who vouches for me is on high .
i think it right , as long as i am in this tent , to stir you up by reminding you ;
for as the body apart from the spirit is dead , even so faith apart from works is dead .
then saul arose , and went down to the wilderness of ziph , having three thousand chosen men of israel with him , to seek david in the wilderness of ziph .
when she saw that she was steadfastly minded to go with her , she left off speaking to her .
for this ointment might have been sold for much , and given to the poor .
now , my god , let , i beg you , your eyes be open , and let your ears be attentive , to the prayer that is made in this place .
zedekiah was twenty - one years old when he began to reign ; and he reigned eleven years in jerusalem : and his mother 's name was hamutal the daughter of jeremiah of libnah .
the sun and moon stood still in the sky , at the light of your arrows as they went , at the shining of your glittering spear .
for you both had compassion on me in my chains , and joyfully accepted the plundering of your possessions , knowing that you have for yourselves a better possession and an enduring one in the heavens .
forty years old was i when moses the servant of yahweh sent me from kadesh barnea to spy out the land ; and i brought him word again as it was in my heart .
then our sons will be like well - nurtured plants , our daughters like pillars carved to adorn a palace .
he said to her , if they only bind me with new ropes with which no work has been done , then shall i become weak , and be as another man .
then he touched their eyes , saying , according to your faith be it done to you .
he took the people , and divided them into three companies , and laid wait in the field ; and he looked , and behold , the people came forth out of the city ; he rose up against them , and struck them .
so they went with the guard and made the tomb secure , sealing the stone .
but philip was found at azotus . passing through , he preached the good news to all the cities , until he came to caesarea .
for the far part of the tent westward you shall make six boards .
because it has been granted to you on behalf of christ , not only to believe in him , but also to suffer on his behalf ,
for when we were in the flesh , the sinful passions which were through the law , worked in our members to bring forth fruit to death .
this is the portion of a wicked man with god , the heritage of oppressors , which they receive from the almighty .
speak to the children of israel , and tell them , when you come into the land which i give you , then the land shall keep a sabbath to yahweh .
when the demon was cast out , the mute man spoke . the multitudes marveled , saying , nothing like this has ever been seen in israel !
he who rejects me , and does n't receive my sayings , has one who judges him . the word that i spoke , the same will judge him in the last day .
for then i will purify the lips of the peoples , that they may all call on the name of yahweh , to serve him shoulder to shoulder .
notwithstanding , no devoted thing , that a man shall devote to yahweh of all that he has , whether of man or animal , or of the field of his possession , shall be sold or redeemed : every devoted thing is most holy to yahweh .
therefore tell the house of israel , thus says the lord yahweh : i do n't do this for your sake , house of israel , but for my holy name , which you have profaned among the nations , where you went .
the rain came down , the floods came , and the winds blew , and beat on that house ; and it did n't fall , for it was founded on the rock .
and one loaf of bread , one cake of oiled bread , and one wafer out of the basket of unleavened bread that is before yahweh .
moses and eleazar the priest did as yahweh commanded moses .
therefore will i save my flock , and they shall no more be a prey ; and i will judge between sheep and sheep .
he shall kill the male lamb in the place where they kill the sin offering and the burnt offering , in the place of the sanctuary ; for as the sin offering is the priest 's , so is the trespass offering . it is most holy .
and the lamp of god had n't yet gone out , and samuel had laid down to sleep , in the temple of yahweh , where the ark of god was ;
the world ca n't hate you , but it hates me , because i testify about it , that its works are evil .
abram moved his tent , and came and lived by the oaks of mamre , which are in hebron , and built an altar there to yahweh .
joshua took makkedah on that day , and struck it with the edge of the sword , and the king of it : he utterly destroyed them and all the souls who were therein ; he left none remaining ; and he did to the king of makkedah as he had done to the king of jericho .
elkanah her husband said to her , hannah , why weep you ? and why do n't you eat ? and why is your heart grieved ? am i not better to you than ten sons ?
but if you will go , do valiantly , be strong for the battle : god will cast you down before the enemy ; for god has power to help , and to cast down .
let my lips utter praise , for you teach me your statutes .
their horses also are swifter than leopards , and are more fierce than the evening wolves . their horsemen press proudly on . yes , their horsemen come from afar . they fly as an eagle that hurries to devour .
therefore the anger of yahweh was kindled against this land , to bring on it all the curse that is written in this book ;
and tell them , thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel : behold , i will send and take nebuchadnezzar the king of babylon , my servant , and will set his throne on these stones that i have hidden ; and he shall spread his royal pavilion over them .
all the nations are like nothing before him . they are regarded by him as less than nothing , and vanity .
moses and aaron and the princes of the congregation numbered the sons of the kohathites by their families , and by their fathers ' houses ,
he was teaching in one of the synagogues on the sabbath day .
he gives great deliverance to his king , and shows loving kindness to his anointed , to david and to his seed , forevermore .
they watched him , and sent out spies , who pretended to be righteous , that they might trap him in something he said , so as to deliver him up to the power and authority of the governor .
the bones of joseph , which the children of israel brought up out of egypt , buried they in shechem , in the parcel of ground which jacob bought of the sons of hamor the father of shechem for a hundred pieces of money : and they became the inheritance of the children of joseph .
for you are a holy people to yahweh your god : yahweh your god has chosen you to be a people for his own possession , above all peoples who are on the face of the earth .
but god is the judge . he puts down one , and lifts up another .
after this , abraham buried sarah his wife in the cave of the field of machpelah before mamre ( that is , hebron ) , in the land of canaan .
do n't let riches entice you to wrath , neither let the great size of a bribe turn you aside .
they ate , and were filled . they took up seven baskets of broken pieces that were left over .
therefore i consider all of your precepts to be right . i hate every false way . pey
now brace yourself like a man . i will question you , and you will answer me .
my soul is weary of my life ; i will give free course to my complaint . i will speak in the bitterness of my soul .
in that day you will ask in my name ; and i do n't say to you , that i will pray to the father for you ,
then the congregation shall judge between the striker and the avenger of blood according to these ordinances ;
for now we live , if you stand fast in the lord .
it shall be square and folded double ; a span shall be its length of it , and a span its breadth .
but where shall wisdom be found ? where is the place of understanding ?
because of the chaldeans ; for they were afraid of them , because ishmael the son of nethaniah had killed gedaliah the son of ahikam , whom the king of babylon made governor over the land .
though i am righteous , my own mouth shall condemn me . though i am blameless , it shall prove me perverse .
for in your eating each one takes his own supper first . one is hungry , and another is drunken .
then he brought me back by the way of the outer gate of the sanctuary , which looks toward the east ; and it was shut .
do n't rejoice , o philistia , all of you , because the rod that struck you is broken ; for out of the serpent 's root an adder will emerge , and his fruit will be a fiery flying serpent .
he settled his gaze steadfastly on him , until he was ashamed : and the man of god wept .
their eyes were opened . jesus strictly charged them , saying , see that no one knows about this .
now i beg you , brothers , by our lord jesus christ , and by the love of the spirit , that you strive together with me in your prayers to god for me ,
you shall not be scared of them ; for yahweh your god is in the midst of you , a great and awesome god .
he is yahweh , our god . his judgments are in all the earth .
these uncovered her nakedness ; they took her sons and her daughters ; and her they killed with the sword : and she became a byword among women ; for they executed judgments on her .
how long shall i take counsel in my soul , having sorrow in my heart every day ? how long shall my enemy triumph over me ?
as it is taken off of the ox of the sacrifice of peace offerings . the priest shall burn them on the altar of burnt offering .
thus said yahweh : go down to the house of the king of judah , and speak there this word ,
you shall also make a basin of brass , and the base of it of brass , in which to wash . you shall put it between the tent of meeting and the altar , and you shall put water in it .
then i went on to the spring gate and to the king 's pool : but there was no place for the animal that was under me to pass .
david said , as yahweh lives , yahweh will strike him ; or his day shall come to die ; or he shall go down into battle and perish .
now the rest of the acts of rehoboam , and all that he did , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of judah ?
i will for this afflict the seed of david , but not forever .
nor filthiness , nor foolish talking , nor jesting , which are not appropriate ; but rather giving of thanks .
he who gives answer before he hears , that is folly and shame to him .
every garment , and every skin , whereon the semen is , shall be washed with water , and be unclean until the evening .
in the multitude of words there is no lack of disobedience , but he who restrains his lips does wisely .
he said to them , an enemy has done this . ' the servants asked him , do you want us to go and gather them up ? '
all the cities of the children of aaron , the priests , were thirteen cities with their suburbs .
he has made the earth by his power , he has established the world by his wisdom , and by his understanding has he stretched out the heavens :
do n't be afraid of the king of babylon , of whom you are afraid ; do n't be afraid of him , says yahweh : for i am with you to save you , and to deliver you from his hand .
you shall do no manner of work : it is a statute forever throughout your generations in all your dwellings .
they are of the world . therefore they speak of the world , and the world hears them .
i will cut off all the horns of the wicked , but the horns of the righteous shall be lifted up .
thus says yahweh of armies : i am jealous for zion with great jealousy , and i am jealous for her with great wrath .
and i will give you the treasures of darkness , and hidden riches of secret places , that you may know that it is i , yahweh , who call you by your name , even the god of israel .
the testimony is this , that god gave to us eternal life , and this life is in his son .
for this is even from israel ! the workman made it , and it is no god ; indeed , the calf of samaria shall be broken in pieces .
for there are many words that create vanity . what does that profit man ?
blessed be yahweh your god , who delighted in you , to set you on his throne , to be king for yahweh your god : because your god loved israel , to establish them forever , therefore made he you king over them , to do justice and righteousness .
why cry you for your hurt ? your pain is incurable : for the greatness of your iniquity , because your sins were increased , i have done these things to you .
is not this david , of whom they sang one to another in dances , saying , saul has slain his thousands , david his ten thousands ?
he looks at the earth , and it trembles . he touches the mountains , and they smoke .
now it happened in the seventh month , that ishmael the son of nethaniah , the son of elishama , of the seed royal and one of the chief officers of the king , and ten men with him , came to gedaliah the son of ahikam to mizpah ; and there they ate bread together in mizpah .
lift up your eyes round about , and see : they all gather themselves together , they come to you ; your sons shall come from far , and your daughters shall be carried in the arms .
the leper in whom the plague is shall wear torn clothes , and the hair of his head shall hang loose . he shall cover his upper lip , and shall cry , unclean ! unclean ! '
thus did moses , and aaron , and all the congregation of the children of israel , to the levites . according to all that yahweh commanded moses concerning the levites , so the children of israel did to them .
whose confidence shall break apart , whose trust is a spider 's web .
when he had destroyed seven nations in the land of canaan , he gave them their land for an inheritance , for about four hundred fifty years .
behold , this day your eyes have seen how that yahweh had delivered you today into my hand in the cave : and some bade me kill you ; but my eye spared you ; and i said , i will not put forth my hand against my lord ; for he is yahweh 's anointed .
and to have authority to heal sicknesses and to cast out demons :
also we made ordinances for us , to charge ourselves yearly with the third part of a shekel for the service of the house of our god ;
paul went down , and fell upon him , and embracing him said , do n't be troubled , for his life is in him .
i asked him the second time , what are these two olive branches , which are beside the two golden spouts , that pour the golden oil out of themselves ?
yes , he loads the thick cloud with moisture . he spreads abroad the cloud of his lightning .
when some of both the gentiles and the jews , with their rulers , made a violent attempt to mistreat and stone them ,
but if they will not pass over with you armed , they shall have possessions among you in the land of canaan .
therefore thus says yahweh concerning the prophets who prophesy in my name , and i did n't send them , yet they say , sword and famine shall not be in this land : by sword and famine shall those prophets be consumed .
he who loves purity of heart and speaks gracefully is the king 's friend .
he shall enter also into the glorious land , and many countries shall be overthrown ; but these shall be delivered out of his hand : edom , and moab , and the chief of the children of ammon .
but as for me , this secret is not revealed to me for any wisdom that i have more than any living , but to the intent that the interpretation may be made known to the king , and that you may know the thoughts of your heart .
so i bought a belt according to the word of yahweh , and put it on my waist .
moreover yahweh said to me in the days of josiah the king , have you seen that which backsliding israel has done ? she is gone up on every high mountain and under every green tree , and there has played the prostitute .
for god knows that in the day you eat it , your eyes will be opened , and you will be like god , knowing good and evil .
for whom he foreknew , he also predestined to be conformed to the image of his son , that he might be the firstborn among many brothers .
also thus said the king , blessed be yahweh , the god of israel , who has given one to sit on my throne this day , my eyes even seeing it .
furthermore you have sent for men who come from far , to whom a messenger was sent , and behold , they came ; for whom you did wash yourself , paint your eyes , and deck yourself with ornaments ,
tell them , as i live , says yahweh , surely as you have spoken in my ears , so will i do to you :
but now i am going to him who sent me , and none of you asks me , where are you going ? '
all the people answered together , and said , all that yahweh has spoken we will do . moses reported the words of the people to yahweh .
then the king of israel called all the elders of the land , and said , please notice how this man seeks mischief : for he sent to me for my wives , and for my children , and for my silver , and for my gold ; and i did n't deny him .
when the morning stars sang together , and all the sons of god shouted for joy ?
therefore their inhabitants had little power . they were dismayed and confounded . they were like the grass of the field , and like the green herb , like the grass on the housetops , and like a field before its crop has grown .
dominion and fear are with him ; he makes peace in his high places .
abijah joined battle with an army of valiant men of war , even four hundred thousand chosen men : and jeroboam set the battle in array against him with eight hundred thousand chosen men , who were mighty men of valor .
and you detest them . you shall not eat of their flesh , and you shall detest their carcasses .
so david gave to ornan for the place six hundred shekels of gold by weight .
remember your word to your servant , because you gave me hope .
saying , i will declare your name to my brothers . in the midst of the congregation i will sing your praise .
and the priest shall burn them on the altar for an offering made by fire to yahweh : it is a trespass offering .
you , son of man , prophesy to the mountains of israel , and say , you mountains of israel , hear the word of yahweh .
i struck you with blight and mildew many times in your gardens and your vineyards ; and your fig trees and your olive trees have the swarming locust devoured : yet you have n't returned to me , says yahweh .
then those who feared yahweh spoke one with another ; and yahweh listened , and heard , and a book of memory was written before him , for those who feared yahweh , and who honored his name .
come up to me , and help me , and let us strike gibeon ; for it has made peace with joshua and with the children of israel .
he put garrisons in edom ; and all the edomites became servants to david . yahweh gave victory to david wherever he went .
ten fat oxen , and twenty oxen out of the pastures , and one hundred sheep , besides harts , and gazelles , and roebucks , and fattened fowl .
but when he was forty years old , it came into his heart to visit his brothers , the children of israel .
and he said , yahweh , the god of israel , there is no god like you , in heaven above , or on earth beneath ; who keep covenant and loving kindness with your servants , who walk before you with all their heart ;
you shall not glean your vineyard , neither shall you gather the fallen grapes of your vineyard ; you shall leave them for the poor and for the foreigner . i am yahweh your god .
they shall keep your charge , and the charge of all the tent : only they shall not come near to the vessels of the sanctuary and to the altar , that they not die , neither they , nor you .
the house , that is , the temple before the oracle , was forty cubits long .
or do n't you know that all we who were baptized into christ jesus were baptized into his death ?
the king said , where is your master 's son ? ziba said to the king , behold , he abides at jerusalem ; for he said , today will the house of israel restore me the kingdom of my father .
the burning sand will become a pool , and the thirsty ground springs of water . grass with reeds and rushes will be in the habitation of jackals , where they lay .
greet one another with a holy kiss . the assemblies of christ greet you .
also maacah his mother he removed from being queen , because she had made an abominable image for an asherah ; and asa cut down her image , and burnt it at the brook kidron .
yahweh said to moses , do n't fear him : for i have delivered him into your hand , and all his people , and his land ; and you shall do to him as you did to sihon king of the amorites , who lived at heshbon .
jesus said to him , you have said it . nevertheless , i tell you , henceforth you will see the son of man sitting at the right hand of power , and coming on the clouds of the sky .
nadab the son of jeroboam began to reign over israel in the second year of asa king of judah ; and he reigned over israel two years .
but you do see trouble and grief ; you consider it to take it into your hand . you help the victim and the fatherless .
most assuredly i tell you , among those who are born of women there has not arisen anyone greater than john the baptizer ; yet he who is least in the kingdom of heaven is greater than he .
if the scourge kills suddenly , he will mock at the trial of the innocent .
you shall teach them your children , talking of them , when you sit in your house , and when you walk by the way , and when you lie down , and when you rise up .
let favor be shown to the wicked , yet he will not learn righteousness . in the land of uprightness he will deal wrongfully , and will not see yahweh 's majesty .
nabal answered david 's servants , and said , who is david ? and who is the son of jesse ? there are many servants who break away from their masters these days .
you were made alive when you were dead in transgressions and sins ,
the screen for the gate of the court was the work of the embroiderer , of blue , purple , scarlet , and fine twined linen . twenty cubits was the length , and the height in the breadth was five cubits , like to the hangings of the court .
moses said , the people , among whom i am , are six hundred thousand footmen ; and you have said , i will give them flesh , that they may eat a whole month .
it will be like when the harvester gathers the wheat , and his arm reaps the grain . yes , it will be like when one gleans grain in the valley of rephaim .
then the commanding officer came near , arrested him , commanded him to be bound with two chains , and inquired who he was and what he had done .
it happened , when ben hadad heard this message , as he was drinking , he and the kings , in the pavilions , that he said to his servants , set yourselves in array . they set themselves in array against the city .
so am i made to possess months of misery , wearisome nights are appointed to me .
with whom was he displeased forty years ? was n't it with those who sinned , whose bodies fell in the wilderness ?
it happened after these things , that god tested abraham , and said to him , abraham ! he said , here i am .
yahweh spoke to aaron , saying ,
there is a league between me and you , between my father and your father : behold , i have sent to you a present of silver and gold ; go , break your league with baasha king of israel , that he may depart from me .
the wicked are not so , but are like the chaff which the wind drives away .
for when a few years are come , i shall go the way from whence i shall not return .
therefore tell the children of israel , i am yahweh , and i will bring you out from under the burdens of the egyptians , and i will rid you out of their bondage , and i will redeem you with an outstretched arm , and with great judgments :
yahweh answered his people , behold , i will send you grain , new wine , and oil , and you will be satisfied with them ; and i will no more make you a reproach among the nations .
they are amazed . they answer no more . they do n't have a word to say .
for i did n't shrink from declaring to you the whole counsel of god .
on the other side of the jordan , of the reubenites , and the gadites , and of the half - tribe of manasseh , with all manner of instruments of war for the battle , one hundred twenty thousand .
you husbands , in like manner , live with your wives according to knowledge , giving honor to the woman , as to the weaker vessel , as being also joint heirs of the grace of life ; that your prayers may not be hindered .
and certain women who had been healed of evil spirits and infirmities : mary who was called magdalene , from whom seven demons had gone out ;
so that they shall take no wood out of the field , neither cut down any out of the forests ; for they shall make fires of the weapons ; and they shall plunder those who plundered them , and rob those who robbed them , says the lord yahweh .
and did n't inquire of yahweh : therefore he killed him , and turned the kingdom to david the son of jesse .
for this cause i also , having heard of the faith in the lord jesus which is among you , and the love which you have toward all the saints ,
by faith , he left egypt , not fearing the wrath of the king ; for he endured , as seeing him who is invisible .
but i am afraid that somehow , as the serpent deceived eve in his craftiness , so your minds might be corrupted from the simplicity that is in christ .
thus noah did . according to all that god commanded him , so he did .
he said to him the third time , simon , son of jonah , do you have affection for me ? peter was grieved because he asked him the third time , do you have affection for me ? he said to him , lord , you know everything . you know that i have affection for you . jesus said to him , feed my sheep .
behold , is n't it of yahweh of armies that the peoples labor for the fire , and the nations weary themselves for vanity ?
but if they say thus , come up to us ; then we will go up ; for yahweh has delivered them into our hand : and this shall be the sign to us .
and that all this assembly may know that yahweh does n't save with sword and spear : for the battle is yahweh 's , and he will give you into our hand .
suddenly there came from the sky a sound like the rushing of a mighty wind , and it filled all the house where they were sitting .
in the nine and thirtieth year of azariah king of judah began menahem the son of gadi to reign over israel , and reigned ten years in samaria .
you shall keep the charge of the sanctuary , and the charge of the altar ; that there be wrath no more on the children of israel .
these three were the sons of noah , and from these , the whole earth was populated .
not stealing , but showing all good fidelity ; that they may adorn the doctrine of god , our savior , in all things .
now she is in the streets , now in the squares , and lurking at every corner .
you shall chase your enemies , and they shall fall before you by the sword .
joshua defeated amalek and his people with the edge of the sword .
come now , you rich , weep and howl for your miseries that are coming on you .
then he said , i have sinned : yet honor me now , please , before the elders of my people , and before israel , and turn again with me , that i may worship yahweh your god .
as the gentiles heard this , they were glad , and glorified the word of god . as many as were appointed to eternal life believed .
all the people went over the jordan , and the king went over : and the king kissed barzillai , and blessed him ; and he returned to his own place .
but as for me , my prayer is to you , yahweh , in an acceptable time . god , in the abundance of your loving kindness , answer me in the truth of your salvation .
and he came even before the king 's gate : for none might enter within the king 's gate clothed with sackcloth .
jesus said to them , my food is to do the will of him who sent me , and to accomplish his work .
even as it is written , jacob i loved , but esau i hated .
behold , i give of the synagogue of satan , of those who say they are jews , and they are not , but lie . behold , i will make them to come and worship before your feet , and to know that i have loved you .
then the king held out to esther the golden scepter . so esther arose , and stood before the king .
joshua set up twelve stones in the midst of the jordan , in the place where the feet of the priests who bore the ark of the covenant stood : and they are there to this day .
god is faithful , through whom you were called into the fellowship of his son , jesus christ , our lord .
yahweh said to moses , write this for a memorial in a book , and rehearse it in the ears of joshua : that i will utterly blot out the memory of amalek from under the sky .
but he said , then bring meal . he cast it into the pot ; and he said , pour out for the people , that they may eat . there was no harm in the pot .
the merchants of these things , who were made rich by her , will stand far away for the fear of her torment , weeping and mourning ;
for in the multitude of dreams there are vanities , as well as in many words : but you must fear god .
when the wine ran out , jesus ' mother said to him , they have no wine .
we looked for peace , but no good came ; and for a time of healing , and behold , dismay !
but the fig tree said to them , should i leave my sweetness , and my good fruit , and go to wave back and forth over the trees ?
i declared my ways , and you answered me . teach me your statutes .
if one person sins unwittingly , then he shall offer a female goat a year old for a sin offering .
has not the same hezekiah taken away his high places and his altars , and commanded judah and jerusalem , saying , you shall worship before one altar , and on it shall you burn incense ?
for most assuredly , not to angels does he give help , but he gives help to the seed of abraham .
there were eight boards , and their sockets of silver , sixteen sockets ; under every board two sockets .
on the ninth day of the fourth month the famine was sore in the city , so that there was no bread for the people of the land .
but jesus knowing in himself that his disciples murmured at this , said to them , does this cause you to stumble ?
yahweh will do to them as he did to sihon and to og , the kings of the amorites , and to their land ; whom he destroyed .
rehoboam loved maacah the daughter of absalom above all his wives and his concubines : ( for he took eighteen wives , and sixty concubines , and became the father of twenty - eight sons and sixty daughters . )
declare you in judah , and publish in jerusalem ; and say , blow you the trumpet in the land : cry aloud and say , assemble yourselves , and let us go into the fortified cities .
there you shall serve gods , the work of men 's hands , wood and stone , which neither see , nor hear , nor eat , nor smell .
now the hand of yahweh had been on me in the evening , before he who was escaped came ; and he had opened my mouth , until he came to me in the morning ; and my mouth was opened , and i was no more mute .
david danced before yahweh with all his might ; and david was girded with a linen ephod .
make a joyful noise to yahweh , all the earth ! burst out and sing for joy , yes , sing praises !
the voice of one crying in the wilderness , make ready the way of the lord ! make his paths straight ! '
but i have told you these things , so that when the time comes , you may remember that i told you about them . i did n't tell you these things from the beginning , because i was with you .
i will visit on her the days of the baals , to which she burned incense , when she decked herself with her earrings and her jewels , and went after her lovers , and forgot me , says yahweh .
the philistines followed hard after saul and after his sons ; and the philistines killed jonathan , and abinadab , and malchishua , the sons of saul .
for the teraphim have spoken vanity , and the diviners have seen a lie ; and they have told false dreams . they comfort in vain . therefore they go their way like sheep . they are oppressed , because there is no shepherd .
then said david , o yahweh , the god of israel , your servant has surely heard that saul seeks to come to keilah , to destroy the city for my sake .
why have you made us to come up out of egypt , to bring us in to this evil place ? it is no place of seed , or of figs , or of vines , or of pomegranates ; neither is there any water to drink .
behold , how they reward us , to come to cast us out of your possession , which you have given us to inherit .
and they took him , and threw him into the pit . the pit was empty . there was no water in it .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
let us therefore , as many as are perfect , think this way . if in anything you think otherwise , god will also reveal that to you .
you shall say before yahweh your god , i have put away the holy things out of my house , and also have given them to the levite , and to the foreigner , to the fatherless , and to the widow , according to all your commandment which you have commanded me : i have not transgressed any of your commandments , neither have i forgotten them :
if he offers a lamb for his offering , then he shall offer it before yahweh ;
and the lampstands with their lamps , to burn according to the ordinance before the oracle , of pure gold ;
therefore will i do to the house which is called by my name , in which you trust , and to the place which i gave to you and to your fathers , as i did to shiloh .
now the serpent was more subtle than any animal of the field which yahweh god had made . he said to the woman , has god really said , you shall not eat of any tree of the garden ? '
now about that time , herod the king stretched out his hands to oppress some of the assembly .
if there arise a matter too hard for you in judgment , between blood and blood , between plea and plea , and between stroke and stroke , being matters of controversy within your gates ; then shall you arise , and go up to the place which yahweh your god shall choose ;
at the evening offering i arose up from my humiliation , even with my garment and my robe torn ; and i fell on my knees , and spread out my hands to yahweh my god ;
for i could wish that i myself were accursed from christ for my brothers ' sake , my relatives according to the flesh ,
he even tried to profane the temple , and we arrested him .
that joshua called for all israel , for their elders and for their heads , and for their judges and for their officers , and said to them , i am old and well stricken in years :
remember those who are in bonds , as bound with them ; and those who are ill - treated , since you are also in the body .
then whoever hears the sound of the trumpet , and does n't take warning , if the sword come , and take him away , his blood shall be on his own head .
the nations shall see your righteousness , and all kings your glory , and you shall be called by a new name , which the mouth of yahweh shall name .
in that day they will come to you from assyria and the cities of egypt , and from egypt even to the river , and from sea to sea , and mountain to mountain .
when he heard that jesus had come out of judea into galilee , he went to him , and begged him that he would come down and heal his son , for he was at the point of death .
the four angels were freed who had been prepared for that hour and day and month and year , so that they might kill one third of mankind .
there are also workmen with you in abundance , cutters and workers of stone and timber , and all kinds of men who are skillful in every kind of work :
and the border shall go down from shepham to riblah , on the east side of ain ; and the border shall go down , and shall reach to the side of the sea of chinnereth eastward ;
you turn things upside down ! should the potter be thought to be like clay ; that the thing made should say about him who made it , he did n't make me ; or the thing formed say of him who formed it , he has no understanding ?
but it was you , a man like me , my companion , and my familiar friend .
they struck all the cities round about gerar ; for the fear of yahweh came on them : and they despoiled all the cities ; for there was much spoil in them .
the name of the third river is hiddekel : this is the one which flows in front of assyria . the fourth river is the euphrates .
at meal time boaz said to her , come here , and eat of the bread , and dip your morsel in the vinegar . she sat beside the reapers , and they reached her parched grain , and she ate , and was sufficed , and left of it .
oh that the salvation of israel would come out of zion ! when yahweh restores the fortunes of his people , then jacob shall rejoice , and israel shall be glad .
a capital of brass was on it ; and the height of the one capital was five cubits , with network and pomegranates on the capital round about , all of brass : and the second pillar also had like these , and pomegranates .
i will strengthen the house of judah , and i will save the house of joseph , and i will bring them back ; for i have mercy on them ; and they will be as though i had not cast them off : for i am yahweh their god , and i will hear them .
but the righteous will live by faith . if he shrinks back , my soul has no pleasure in him .
there is gold and abundance of rubies ; but the lips of knowledge are a rare jewel .
if it bears fruit , fine ; but if not , after that , you can cut it down . '
and it shall be for aaron and his sons as their portion forever from the children of israel ; for it is a wave offering : and it shall be a wave offering from the children of israel of the sacrifices of their peace offerings , even their wave offering to yahweh .
if a man be found lying with a woman married to a husband , then they shall both of them die , the man who lay with the woman , and the woman : so shall you put away the evil from israel .
but jesus perceived their wickedness , and said , why do you test me , you hypocrites ?
then said jeremiah to zedekiah , thus says yahweh , the god of armies , the god of israel : if you will go forth to the king of babylon 's princes , then your soul shall live , and this city shall not be burned with fire ; and you shall live , and your house .
the soul of king david longed to go forth to absalom : for he was comforted concerning amnon , seeing he was dead .
through silvanus , our faithful brother , as i consider him , i have written to you briefly , exhorting , and testifying that this is the true grace of god in which you stand .
the earth was corrupt before god , and the earth was filled with violence .
take great stones in your hand , and hide them in mortar in the brick work , which is at the entry of pharaoh 's house in tahpanhes , in the sight of the men of judah ;
ahijah laid hold of the new garment that was on him , and tore it in twelve pieces .
the word of yahweh came again to me , saying ,
it happened , that when isaac was old , and his eyes were dim , so that he could not see , he called esau his elder son , and said to him , my son ? he said to him , here i am .
joshua said , roll great stones to the mouth of the cave , and set men by it to keep them :
delilah said to samson , tell me , please , in which your great strength lies , and with which you might be bound to afflict you .
behold , a certain lawyer stood up and tested him , saying , teacher , what shall i do to inherit eternal life ?
jonathan climbed up on his hands and on his feet , and his armor bearer after him : and they fell before jonathan ; and his armor bearer killed them after him .
let him turn away from evil , and do good . let him seek peace , and pursue it .
yet they tempted and rebelled against the most high god , and did n't keep his testimonies ;
the sons of the prophets said to elisha , see now , the place where we dwell before you is too strait for us .
it was so , when the days of their feasting had run their course , that job sent and sanctified them , and rose up early in the morning , and offered burnt offerings according to the number of them all . for job said , it may be that my sons have sinned , and renounced god in their hearts . thus did job continually .
and to love him with all the heart , and with all the understanding , with all the soul , and with all the strength , and to love his neighbor as himself , is more important than all whole burnt offerings and sacrifices .
because he considers , and turns away from all his transgressions that he has committed , he shall surely live , he shall not die .
open your doors , lebanon , that the fire may devour your cedars .
he shall sprinkle some of the blood on it with his finger seven times , and cleanse it , and make it holy from the uncleanness of the children of israel .
for john was not yet thrown into prison .
yes , you have borne the tent of your king and the shrine of your images , the star of your god , which you made for yourselves .
and saying , you who destroy the temple , and build it in three days , save yourself ! if you are the son of god , come down from the cross !
in whose hand is the life of every living thing , the breath of all mankind ?
the king sat on his seat , as at other times , even on the seat by the wall ; and jonathan stood up , and abner sat by saul 's side : but david 's place was empty .
some therefore cried one thing , and some another , for the assembly was in confusion . most of them did n't know why they had come together .
they said , has yahweh indeed spoken only with moses ? has n't he spoken also with us ? yahweh heard it .
and said , i beg you , yahweh , the god of heaven , the great and awesome god , who keeps covenant and loving kindness with those who love him and keep his commandments :
they made bells of pure gold , and put the bells between the pomegranates around the skirts of the robe , between the pomegranates ;
moses spoke to the children of israel ; and all their princes gave him rods , for each prince one , according to their fathers ' houses , even twelve rods : and the rod of aaron was among their rods .
fulfill your promise to your servant , that you may be feared .
he sent yet a third , and they also wounded him , and threw him out .
because they did n't obey the voice of yahweh their god , but transgressed his covenant , even all that moses the servant of yahweh commanded , and would not hear it , nor do it .
this house was finished on the third day of the month adar , which was in the sixth year of the reign of darius the king .
who satisfies your desire with good things , so that your youth is renewed like the eagle 's .
among the sons of the priests there were found who had married foreign women : namely , of the sons of jeshua , the son of jozadak , and his brothers , maaseiah , and eliezer , and jarib , and gedaliah .
their horses were seven hundred thirty - six ; their mules , two hundred forty - five ;
she put her hand to the tent peg , her right hand to the workmen 's hammer ; with the hammer she struck sisera , she struck through his head ; yes , she pierced and struck through his temples .
so i was left alone , and saw this great vision , and there remained no strength in me ; for my comeliness was turned in me into corruption , and i retained no strength .
and you shall love yahweh your god with all your heart , and with all your soul , and with all your might .
yahweh , god of armies , hear my prayer . listen , god of jacob . selah .
he commanded them , saying , this is what you shall tell my lord , esau : this is what your servant , jacob , says . i have lived as a foreigner with laban , and stayed until now .
but he said , on the contrary , blessed are those who hear the word of god , and keep it .
then the lust , when it has conceived , bears sin ; and the sin , when it is full grown , brings forth death .
it will be , that whoever will call on the name of the lord will be saved . '
at the end of the days which the king had appointed for bringing them in , the prince of the eunuchs brought them in before nebuchadnezzar .
the woman of tekoa said to the king , my lord , o king , the iniquity be on me , and on my father 's house ; and the king and his throne be guiltless .
your clothing did n't grow old on you , neither did your foot swell , these forty years .
as for the works of men , by the word of your lips i have kept myself from the ways of the violent .
behold , i will command , says yahweh , and cause them to return to this city ; and they shall fight against it , and take it , and burn it with fire : and i will make the cities of judah a desolation , without inhabitant .
he who is slow to anger has great understanding , but he who has a quick temper displays folly .
i made treasurers over the treasuries , shelemiah the priest , and zadok the scribe , and of the levites , pedaiah : and next to them was hanan the son of zaccur , the son of mattaniah ; for they were counted faithful , and their business was to distribute to their brothers .
then all the jews returned out of all places where they were driven , and came to the land of judah , to gedaliah , to mizpah , and gathered wine and summer fruits very much .
to a foreigner you may lend on interest ; but to your brother you shall not lend on interest , that yahweh your god may bless you in all that you put your hand to , in the land where you go in to possess it .
when the lord shall have washed away the filth of the daughters of zion , and shall have purged the blood of jerusalem from its midst , by the spirit of justice , and by the spirit of burning .
shecaniah the son of jehiel , one of the sons of elam , answered ezra , we have trespassed against our god , and have married foreign women of the peoples of the land : yet now there is hope for israel concerning this thing .
aaron returned to moses to the door of the tent of meeting : and the plague was stayed .
if we confess our sins , he is faithful and righteous to forgive us the sins , and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness .
the staff of his spear was like a weaver 's beam ; and his spear 's head weighed six hundred shekels of iron : and his shield bearer went before him .
and behold there was a man with a withered hand . they asked him , is it lawful to heal on the sabbath day ? that they might accuse him .
it happened the same night , that yahweh said to him , take your father 's bull , even the second bull seven years old , and throw down the altar of baal that your father has , and cut down the asherah that is by it ;
the pharisees came out and began to question him , seeking from him a sign from heaven , and testing him .
after him repaired the priests , the men of the plain .
for this cause i write these things while absent , that i may not deal sharply when present , according to the authority which the lord gave me for building up , and not for tearing down .
out of them shall proceed thanksgiving and the voice of those who make merry : and i will multiply them , and they shall not be few ; i will also glorify them , and they shall not be small .
those who fashion an engraved image are all of them vanity ; and the things that they delight in shall not profit ; and their own witnesses do n't see , nor know : that they may be disappointed .
thus says yahweh : behold , i will raise up against babylon , and against those who dwell in lebkamai , a destroying wind .
moses said , this is the thing which yahweh commanded that you should do : and the glory of yahweh shall appear to you .
behold , he speaks openly , and they say nothing to him . can it be that the rulers indeed know that this is truly the christ ?
in the fourth generation they will come here again , for the iniquity of the amorite is not yet full .
concerning this thing , i begged the lord three times that it might depart from me .
the name of the second , he called ephraim : for god has made me fruitful in the land of my affliction .
the people said to joshua , no ; but we will serve yahweh .
the rough male goat is the king of greece : and the great horn that is between his eyes is the first king .
when his armor bearer saw that saul was dead , he likewise fell on his sword , and died .
he said , brothers and fathers , listen . the god of glory appeared to our father abraham , when he was in mesopotamia , before he lived in haran ,
but woe to you who are rich ! for you have received your consolation .
gideon the son of joash died in a good old age , and was buried in the tomb of joash his father , in ophrah of the abiezrites .
stay with him a few days , until your brother 's fury turns away ;
the servants of achish said to him , is n't this david the king of the land ? did n't they sing one to another about him in dances , saying , saul has slain his thousands , david his ten thousands ? '
it happened , from the day that the ark abode in kiriath jearim , that the time was long ; for it was twenty years : and all the house of israel lamented after yahweh .
one of his disciples , andrew , simon peter 's brother , said to him ,
the woman answered , i have no husband . jesus said to her , you said well , i have no husband , '
but in the eighteenth year of king josiah was this passover kept to yahweh in jerusalem .
his eyes will be red with wine , his teeth white with milk .
will you harass a driven leaf ? will you pursue the dry stubble ?
good and upright is yahweh , therefore he will instruct sinners in the way .
now while paul waited for them at athens , his spirit was provoked within him as he saw the city full of idols .
his disciples said to him , if this is the case of the man with his wife , it is not expedient to marry .
their bulls breed without fail . their cows calve , and do n't miscarry .
one male goat for a sin offering ;
again , when i say to the wicked , you shall surely die ; if he turn from his sin , and do that which is lawful and right ;
these things have i spoken to you , so that you would n't be caused to stumble .
the pharisees therefore said to him , you testify about yourself . your testimony is not valid .
when hezekiah and the princes came and saw the heaps , they blessed yahweh , and his people israel .
then the priest shall command that they take out the stones in which is the plague , and cast them into an unclean place outside of the city :
as for the prince , he shall sit therein as prince to eat bread before yahweh ; he shall enter by the way of the porch of the gate , and shall go out by the way of the same .
god worked special miracles by the hands of paul ,
behold , a woman who had an issue of blood for twelve years came behind him , and touched the tassels of his garment ;
a workman has cast an image , and the goldsmith overlays it with gold , and casts silver chains for it .
yahweh said to moses , tell aaron , stretch out your rod , and strike the dust of the earth , that it may become lice throughout all the land of egypt . '
now the rest of the acts of menahem , and all that he did , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of israel ?
for death is come up into our windows , it is entered into our palaces ; to cut off the children from outside , and the young men from the streets .
he said , please show me your glory .
i made myself gardens and parks , and i planted trees in them of all kinds of fruit .
neither shall you covet your neighbor 's wife ; neither shall you desire your neighbor 's house , his field , or his male servant , or his female servant , his ox , or his donkey , or anything that is your neighbor 's .
we know that god has spoken to moses . but as for this man , we do n't know where he comes from .
their tents and their flocks shall they take ; they shall carry away for themselves their curtains , and all their vessels , and their camels ; and they shall cry to them , terror on every side !
he said to me , to build her a house in the land of shinar . when it is prepared , she will be set there in her own place .
judah sent the kid of the goats by the hand of his friend , the adullamite , to receive the pledge from the woman 's hand , but he did n't find her .
they came , both men and women , as many as were willing - hearted , and brought brooches , earrings , signet rings , and armlets , all jewels of gold ; even every man who offered an offering of gold to yahweh .
moses and eleazar the priest took the gold of them , even all worked jewels .
moses took the anointing oil , and anointed the tabernacle and all that was in it , and sanctified them .
so the king went over to gilgal , and chimham went over with him : and all the people of judah brought the king over , and also half the people of israel .
the man , the master of the house , went out to them , and said to them , no , my brothers , please do n't act so wickedly ; seeing that this man is come into my house , do n't do this folly .
because if our heart condemns us , god is greater than our heart , and knows all things .
we ca n't reach the almighty , he is exalted in power ; in justice and great righteousness he will not oppress .
joab the son of zeruiah was over the army ; and jehoshaphat the son of ahilud was recorder ;
but who can endure the day of his coming ? and who will stand when he appears ? for he is like a refiner 's fire , and like launderer 's soap ;
they answered that they did n't know where it was from .
the lord of that servant will come in a day when he does n't expect it , and in an hour when he does n't know it ,
who died for us , that , whether we wake or sleep , we should live together with him .
i made known to them your name , and will make it known ; that the love with which you loved me may be in them , and i in them .
and the peace of god , which surpasses all understanding , will guard your hearts and your thoughts in christ jesus .
the multitudes said , this is the prophet , jesus , from nazareth of galilee .
so then neither he who plants is anything , nor he who waters , but god who gives the increase .
for however many are the promises of god , in him is the yes . therefore also through him is the amen , to the glory of god through us .
he puts forth his hand on the flinty rock , and he overturns the mountains by the roots .
oh let the nations be glad and sing for joy , for you will judge the peoples with equity , and govern the nations on earth . selah .
outside of the inner gate were chambers for the singers in the inner court , which was at the side of the north gate ; and their prospect was toward the south ; one at the side of the east gate having the prospect toward the north .
you are my king , god . command victories for jacob !
i came this day to the spring , and said , yahweh , the god of my master abraham , if now you do prosper my way which i go
for yahweh your god walks in the midst of your camp , to deliver you , and to give up your enemies before you ; therefore shall your camp be holy , that he may not see an unclean thing in you , and turn away from you .
he went in also to rachel , and he loved also rachel more than leah , and served with him yet seven other years .
do to them as you did to midian , as to sisera , as to jabin , at the river kishon ;
then all the captains of the forces , and johanan the son of kareah , and jezaniah the son of hoshaiah , and all the people from the least even to the greatest , came near ,
if a man dies , shall he live again ? all the days of my warfare would i wait , until my release should come .
the magicians did in like manner with their enchantments , and brought up frogs on the land of egypt .
if you forsake yahweh , and serve foreign gods , then he will turn and do you evil , and consume you , after that he has done you good .
pour out your indignation on them . let the fierceness of your anger overtake them .
you divided the sea before them , so that they went through the midst of the sea on the dry land ; and their pursuers you did cast into the depths , as a stone into the mighty waters .
when paul wanted to enter in to the people , the disciples did n't allow him .
now the children of reuben and the children of gad had a very great multitude of livestock : and when they saw the land of jazer , and the land of gilead , that behold , the place was a place for livestock ;
of the teaching of baptisms , of laying on of hands , of resurrection of the dead , and of eternal judgment .
moreover yahweh your god will send the hornet among them , until those who are left , and hide themselves , perish from before you .
moses said to aaron , and to eleazar and to ithamar , his sons , do n't let the hair of your heads go loose , neither tear your clothes ; that you do n't die , and that he not be angry with all the congregation : but let your brothers , the whole house of israel , bewail the burning which yahweh has kindled .
he who says he is in the light and hates his brother , is in the darkness even until now .
lod , and ono , the valley of craftsmen .
when you are in oppression , and all these things are come on you , in the latter days you shall return to yahweh your god , and listen to his voice :
i , tertius , who write the letter , greet you in the lord .
you who tell good news to zion , go up on a high mountain . you who tell good news to jerusalem , lift up your voice with strength . lift it up . do n't be afraid . say to the cities of judah , behold , your god !
he who oppresses the poor shows contempt for his maker , but he who is kind to the needy honors him .
for wherever the carcass is , there will the vultures be gathered together .
kedemoth with its suburbs , and mephaath with its suburbs ; four cities .
the fortress shall cease from ephraim , and the kingdom from damascus , and the remnant of syria . they will be as the glory of the children of israel , says yahweh of armies .
for the land , where you go in to possess it , is n't as the land of egypt , from whence you came out , where you sowed your seed , and watered it with your foot , as a garden of herbs ;
therefore the wild animals of the desert with the wolves shall dwell there , and the ostriches shall dwell therein : and it shall be no more inhabited forever ; neither shall it be lived in from generation to generation .
but a whole month , until it come out at your nostrils , and it be loathsome to you ; because that you have rejected yahweh who is among you , and have wept before him , saying , why came we forth out of egypt ?
behold , he spreads his light around him . he covers the bottom of the sea .
for he was wiser than all men ; than ethan the ezrahite , and heman , and calcol , and darda , the sons of mahol : and his fame was in all the nations round about .
he said to the king of israel , put your hand on the bow ; and he put his hand on it . elisha laid his hands on the king 's hands .
now therefore call to me all the prophets of baal , all his worshippers , and all his priests ; let none be wanting : for i have a great sacrifice to do to baal ; whoever shall be wanting , he shall not live . but jehu did it in subtlety , to the intent that he might destroy the worshippers of baal .
but if he ca n't afford two turtledoves , or two young pigeons , then he shall bring his offering for that in which he has sinned , the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour for a sin offering . he shall put no oil on it , neither shall he put any frankincense on it , for it is a sin offering .
which is easier to say , your sins are forgiven you ; ' or to say , arise and walk ? '
but he said to them , you give them something to eat . they said , we have no more than five loaves and two fish , unless we should go and buy food for all these people .
but ahaz said , i will not ask , neither will i tempt yahweh .
then david the king went in , and sat before yahweh ; and he said , who am i , yahweh god , and what is my house , that you have brought me thus far ?
the man said , this is now bone of my bones , and flesh of my flesh . she will be called woman , because she was taken out of man .
on the three and twentieth day of the seventh month he sent the people away to their tents , joyful and glad of heart for the goodness that yahweh had shown to david , and to solomon , and to israel his people .
( all of which perish with use ) , according to the precepts and doctrines of men ?
therefore will i also deal in wrath ; my eye shall not spare , neither will i have pity ; and though they cry in my ears with a loud voice , yet will i not hear them .
by patience a ruler is persuaded . a soft tongue breaks the bone .
the caravans that travel beside them turn aside ; they go up into the waste , and perish .
not boasting beyond proper limits in other men 's labors , but having hope that as your faith grows , we will be abundantly enlarged by you in our sphere of influence ,
it happened , when the captains of the chariots saw jehoshaphat , that they said , it is the king of israel . therefore they turned about to fight against him : but jehoshaphat cried out , and yahweh helped him ; and god moved them to depart from him .
their redeemer is strong ; yahweh of armies is his name : he will thoroughly plead their cause , that he may give rest to the earth , and disquiet the inhabitants of babylon .
then said i in my heart , as it happens to the fool , so will it happen even to me ; and why was i then more wise ? then said i in my heart that this also is vanity .
when she had said this , she turned around and saw jesus standing , and did n't know that it was jesus .
be of good courage , and let us play the man for our people , and for the cities of our god : and yahweh do that which seems him good .
because yahweh was not able to bring this people into the land which he swore to them , therefore he has slain them in the wilderness .
to fulfill the word of yahweh by the mouth of jeremiah , until the land had enjoyed its sabbaths : for as long as it lay desolate it kept sabbath , to fulfill seventy years .
but all their works they do to be seen by men . they make their phylacteries broad , enlarge the fringes of their garments ,
so , because you are lukewarm , and neither hot nor cold , i will vomit you out of my mouth .
again he said , to what shall i compare the kingdom of god ?
they made two settings of gold , and two gold rings , and put the two rings on the two ends of the breastplate .
whatever shall touch its flesh shall be holy . when there is any of its blood sprinkled on a garment , you shall wash that on which it was sprinkled in a holy place .
for they all saw him , and were troubled . but he immediately spoke with them , and said to them , cheer up ! it is i ! do n't be afraid .
you daughters of israel , weep over saul , who clothed you in scarlet delicately , who put ornaments of gold on your clothing .
he said to her , what do you want ? she said to him , command that these , my two sons , may sit , one on your right hand , and one on your left hand , in your kingdom .
many of the multitude therefore , when they heard these words , said , this is truly the prophet .
david called one of the young men , and said , go near , and fall on him . he struck him , so that he died .
of asher he said , blessed be asher with children ; let him be acceptable to his brothers , let him dip his foot in oil .
behold , how great a love the father has bestowed on us , that we should be called children of god ! for this cause the world does n't know us , because it did n't know him .
her sister oholibah saw this , yet was she more corrupt in her doting than she , and in her prostitution which were more than the prostitution of her sister .
when aaron lights the lamps at evening , he shall burn it , a perpetual incense before yahweh throughout your generations .
the wicked , in the pride of his face , has no room in his thoughts for god .
he shall sprinkle on him who is to be cleansed from the leprosy seven times , and shall pronounce him clean , and shall let the living bird go into the open field .
this land we took in possession at that time : from aroer , which is by the valley of the arnon , and half the hill country of gilead , and the cities of it , gave i to the reubenites and to the gadites :
which , when it was filled , they drew up on the beach . they sat down , and gathered the good into containers , but the bad they threw away .
it will happen at that time , that i will search jerusalem with lamps , and i will punish the men who are settled on their dregs , who say in their heart , yahweh will not do good , neither will he do evil .
so the priests , and the levites , and the porters , and the singers , and some of the people , and the nethinim , and all israel , lived in their cities . when the seventh month was come , the children of israel were in their cities .
if his father have no brothers , then you shall give his inheritance to his kinsman who is next to him of his family , and he shall possess it : and it shall be to the children of israel a statute and ordinance , as yahweh commanded moses .
samuel said to him , yahweh has torn the kingdom of israel from you this day , and has given it to a neighbor of yours who is better than you .
each one went straight forward : where the spirit was to go , they went ; they did n't turn when they went .
he arose , and came to his father . but while he was still far off , his father saw him , and was moved with compassion , and ran , and fell on his neck , and kissed him .
but we are not of those who shrink back to destruction , but of those who have faith to the saving of the soul .
the sound of the wings of the cherubim was heard even to the outer court , as the voice of god almighty when he speaks .
joy comes to a man with the reply of his mouth . how good is a word at the right time !
that they may know that this is your hand ; that you , yahweh , have done it .
therefore shall you serve your enemies whom yahweh shall send against you , in hunger , and in thirst , and in nakedness , and in want of all things : and he shall put a yoke of iron on your neck , until he have destroyed you .
for the fruit of the spirit is in all goodness and righteousness and truth ,
they will by no means follow a stranger , but will flee from him ; for they do n't know the voice of strangers .
yahweh spoke to moses in the wilderness of sinai , in the first month of the second year after they had come out of the land of egypt , saying ,
if anyone sins , in that he hears the voice of adjuration , he being a witness , whether he has seen or known , if he does n't report it , then he shall bear his iniquity .
i say that your counsel and strength for the war are only vain words . now in whom do you trust , that you have rebelled against me ?
abner had communication with the elders of israel , saying , in times past you sought for david to be king over you :
the crucible is for silver , and the furnace for gold ; but man is refined by his praise .
but of the son he says , your throne , o god , is forever and ever ; the scepter of uprightness is the scepter of your kingdom .
you shall give to the priests the levites who are of the seed of zadok , who are near to me , to minister to me , says the lord yahweh , a young bull for a sin offering .
and to the angel of the assembly in sardis write : he who has the seven spirits of god , and the seven stars says these things : i know your works , that you have a reputation of being alive , but you are dead .
my son , do n't forget my teaching ; but let your heart keep my commandments :
their houses are safe from fear , neither is the rod of god upon them .
then we told them after this manner , what the names of the men were who were making this building .
here is the patience of the saints , those who keep the commandments of god , and the faith of jesus .
the ark of the testimony with its poles , the mercy seat ,
this ezra went up from babylon : and he was a ready scribe in the law of moses , which yahweh , the god of israel , had given ; and the king granted him all his request , according to the hand of yahweh his god on him .
he dealt well with abram for her sake . he had sheep , oxen , male donkeys , male servants , female servants , female donkeys , and camels .
the refining pot is for silver , and the furnace for gold , but yahweh tests the hearts .
but whoever keeps his word , god 's love has most assuredly been perfected in him . this is how we know that we are in him :
it happened on the next day after the new moon , which was the second day , that david 's place was empty : and saul said to jonathan his son , why does n't the son of jesse come to meat , neither yesterday , nor today ?
but to each one of us was the grace given according to the measure of the gift of christ .
those who worship the army of the sky on the housetops , those who worship and swear by yahweh and also swear by malcam ,
he who hates me , hates my father also .
i will fill its mountains with its slain : in your hills and in your valleys and in all your watercourses shall they fall who are slain with the sword .
behold , an angel of the lord stood by them , and the glory of the lord shone around them , and they were terrified .
if the plague comes again , and breaks out in the house , after he has taken out the stones , and after he has scraped the house , and after it was plastered ;
offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving of that which is leavened , and proclaim free will offerings and brag about them : for this pleases you , you children of israel , says the lord yahweh .
having been made perfect , he became to all of those who obey him the author of eternal salvation ,
commit your way to yahweh . trust also in him , and he will do this :
for an angel of the lord went down at certain times into the pool , and stirred up the water . whoever stepped in first after the stirring of the water was made whole of whatever disease he had .
jesus said to them , i am the bread of life . he who comes to me will not be hungry , and he who believes in me will never be thirsty .
he will say , where are their gods , the rock in which they took refuge ;
do n't you consider what this people has spoken , saying , the two families which yahweh did choose , he has cast them off ? thus do they despise my people , that they should be no more a nation before them .
even in the third year of asa king of judah did baasha kill him , and reigned in his place .
your renown went forth among the nations for your beauty ; for it was perfect , through my majesty which i had put on you , says the lord yahweh .
i said , you are gods , all of you are sons of the most high .
for thus says yahweh , the god of israel , the jar of meal shall not empty , neither shall the jar of oil fail , until the day that yahweh sends rain on the earth .
but paul said to them , they have beaten us publicly , without a trial , men who are romans , and have cast us into prison ! do they now release us secretly ? no , most assuredly , but let them come themselves and bring us out !
a voice of the wailing of the shepherds ! for their glory is destroyed : a voice of the roaring of young lions ! for the pride of the jordan is ruined .
we have the more sure word of prophecy ; whereunto you do well that you take heed , as to a lamp shining in a dark place , until the day dawns , and the morning star arises in your hearts :
and the priest shall offer the burnt offering and the meal offering on the altar . the priest shall make atonement for him , and he shall be clean .
all the instruments of the tent in all its service , and all the pins of it , and all the pins of the court , shall be of brass .
yes , the sparrow has found a home , and the swallow a nest for herself , where she may have her young , near your altars , yahweh of armies , my king , and my god .
this saying is faithful and worthy of all acceptance .
for yahweh of armies , who planted you , has pronounced evil against you , because of the evil of the house of israel and of the house of judah , which they have worked for themselves in provoking me to anger by offering incense to baal .
however much she glorified herself , and grew wanton , so much give her of torment and mourning . for she says in her heart , i sit a queen , and am no widow , and will in no way see mourning . '
sing , you heavens , for yahweh has done it ; shout , you lower parts of the earth ; break forth into singing , you mountains , o forest , and every tree therein : for yahweh has redeemed jacob , and will glorify himself in israel .
for you need endurance so that , having done the will of god , you may receive the promise .
in all the land were no women found so beautiful as the daughters of job . their father gave them an inheritance among their brothers .
the noise of the whip , the noise of the rattling of wheels , prancing horses , and bounding chariots ,
they led jesus away to the high priest . all the chief priests , the elders , and the scribes came together with him .
do n't you yet perceive , neither remember the five loaves for the five thousand , and how many baskets you took up ?
unless it is for this one thing that i cried standing among them , concerning the resurrection of the dead i am being judged before you today ! '
the man grew great , and grew more and more until he became very great .
the people said to joshua , yahweh our god will we serve , and to his voice will we listen .
he killed of edom in the valley of salt ten thousand , and took sela by war , and called the name of it joktheel , to this day .
he said to them , is it lawful on the sabbath day to do good , or to do harm ? to save a life , or to kill ? but they were silent .
the house which king solomon built for yahweh , the length of it was sixty cubits , and the breadth of it twenty cubits , and the height of it thirty cubits .
he is like a man building a house , who dug and went deep , and laid a foundation on the rock . when a flood arose , the stream broke against that house , and could not shake it , because it was founded on the rock .
but if you will not listen to me to make the sabbath day holy , and not to bear a burden and enter in at the gates of jerusalem on the sabbath day ; then will i kindle a fire in the gates of it , and it shall devour the palaces of jerusalem , and it shall not be quenched .
at that time , jesus went on the sabbath day through the grain fields . his disciples were hungry and began to pluck heads of grain and to eat .
having condemnation , because they have rejected their first pledge .
and i thank him who enabled me , christ jesus our lord , because he counted me faithful , appointing me to service ;
for we must needs die , and are as water split on the ground , which ca n't be gathered up again ; neither does god take away life , but devises means , that he who is banished not be an outcast from him .
when you rebuke and correct man for iniquity , you consume his wealth like a moth . surely every man is but a breath . selah .
with the merciful you will show yourself merciful . with the perfect man , you will show yourself perfect .
let the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be acceptable in your sight , yahweh , my rock , and my redeemer .
for who is god , except yahweh ? who is a rock , besides our god ,
saul saw and knew that yahweh was with david ; and michal , saul 's daughter , loved him .
he made the ephod of gold , blue , purple , scarlet , and fine twined linen .
but yahweh , who brought you up out of the land of egypt with great power and with an outstretched arm , him shall you fear , and to him shall you bow yourselves , and to him shall you sacrifice :
this was a small thing in your eyes , god ; but you have spoken of your servant 's house for a great while to come , and have regarded me according to the estate of a man of high degree , yahweh god .
why are you in despair , my soul ? why are you disturbed within me ? hope in god ! for i shall still praise him , the saving help of my countenance , and my god .
thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel : go , and tell the men of judah and the inhabitants of jerusalem , will you not receive instruction to listen to my words ? says yahweh .
the way of the wicked is an abomination to yahweh , but he loves him who follows after righteousness .
there was no day like that before it or after it , that yahweh listened to the voice of a man : for yahweh fought for israel .
when i tell the wicked , you shall surely die ; and you give him no warning , nor speak to warn the wicked from his wicked way , to save his life ; the same wicked man shall die in his iniquity ; but his blood will i require at your hand .
he entered again into the synagogue , and there was a man there who had his hand withered .
there is a river , the streams of which make the city of god glad , the holy place of the tents of the most high .
they have all turned aside . they have together become unprofitable . there is no one who does good , no , not , so much as one .
it is better to dwell in the corner of the housetop , than to share a house with a contentious woman .
for if we had n't delayed , surely we would have returned a second time by now .
it shall be that , when they enter in at the gates of the inner court , they shall be clothed with linen garments ; and no wool shall come on them , while they minister in the gates of the inner court , and within .
it happened in the morning watch , that yahweh looked out on the egyptian army through the pillar of fire and of cloud , and confused the egyptian army .
yahweh delivered to me the two tables of stone written with the finger of god ; and on them was written according to all the words , which yahweh spoke with you on the mountain out of the midst of the fire in the day of the assembly .
in his humiliation , his judgment was taken away . who will declare his generation ? for his life is taken from the earth .
now let a little water be fetched , wash your feet , and rest yourselves under the tree .
you blind guides , who strain out a gnat , and swallow a camel !
let pharaoh do this , and let him appoint overseers over the land , and take up the fifth part of the land of egypt 's produce in the seven plenteous years .
aaron shall be gathered to his people ; for he shall not enter into the land which i have given to the children of israel , because you rebelled against my word at the waters of meribah .
in the plain of the jordan did the king cast them , in the clay ground between succoth and zeredah .
for i will restore health to you , and i will heal you of your wounds , says yahweh ; because they have called you an outcast , saying , it is zion , whom no man seeks after .
i am the vine . you are the branches . he who remains in me , and i in him , the same bears much fruit , for apart from me you can do nothing .
they stirred up the people , the elders , and the scribes , and came against him and seized him , and brought him in to the council ,
these four were born to the giant in gath ; and they fell by the hand of david , and by the hand of his servants .
his parents went every year to jerusalem at the feast of the passover .
you uncovered your bow . you called for your sworn arrows . selah . you split the earth with rivers .
you shall walk in all the way which yahweh your god has commanded you , that you may live , and that it may be well with you , and that you may prolong your days in the land which you shall possess .
but when this , your son , came , who has devoured your living with prostitutes , you killed the fattened calf for him . '
they were astonished beyond measure , saying , he has done all things well . he makes even the deaf hear , and the mute speak !
jacob lifted up his eyes , and looked , and , behold , esau was coming , and with him four hundred men . he divided the children between leah , rachel , and the two handmaids .
i will observe your statutes . do n't utterly forsake me . beit
all those who were numbered of the levites , whom moses and aaron and the princes of israel numbered , by their families , and by their fathers ' houses ,
for he has strengthened the bars of your gates . he has blessed your children within you .
and led him to annas first , for he was father - in - law to caiaphas , who was high priest that year .
one of his servants answered , please let some take five of the horses that remain , which are left in the city ( behold , they are as all the multitude of israel who are left in it ; behold , they are as all the multitude of israel who are consumed ) ; and let us send and see .
his power shall be mighty , but not by his own power ; and he shall destroy wonderfully , and shall prosper and do his pleasure ; and he shall destroy the mighty ones and the holy people .
the name of the other was eliezer , for he said , my father 's god was my help and delivered me from pharaoh 's sword .
when its boughs are withered , they will be broken off . the women will come and set them on fire , for they are a people of no understanding . therefore he who made them will not have compassion on them , and he who formed them will show them no favor .
but if the bright spot stays in its place , and has n't spread , it is the scar from the boil ; and the priest shall pronounce him clean .
whatever yahweh pleased , that he has done , in heaven and in earth , in the seas and in all deeps ;
and i will shake all nations . the precious things of all nations will come , and i will fill this house with glory , says yahweh of armies .
i will be his father , and he shall be my son : and i will not take my loving kindness away from him , as i took it from him that was before you ;
seeing a fig tree by the road , he came to it , and found nothing on it but leaves . he said to it , let there be no fruit from you forever ! immediately the fig tree withered away .
he called the multitude to himself with his disciples , and said to them , whoever wants to come after me , let him deny himself , and take up his cross , and follow me .
i will make jerusalem heaps , a dwelling place of jackals ; and i will make the cities of judah a desolation , without inhabitant .
i am not worthy of the least of all the loving kindnesses , and of all the truth , which you have shown to your servant ; for with just my staff i passed over this jordan ; and now i have become two companies .
joshua rose up early in the morning ; and they removed from shittim , and came to the jordan , he and all the children of israel ; and they lodged there before they passed over .
samson said to them , this time shall i be blameless in regard of the philistines , when i do them a mischief .
but in mount zion , there will be those who escape , and it will be holy . the house of jacob will possess their possessions .
it happened at that time , when eli was laid down in his place ( now his eyes had begun to grow dim , so that he could not see ) ,
for this cause it is of faith , that it may be according to grace , to the end that the promise may be sure to all the seed , not to that only which is of the law , but to that also which is of the faith of abraham , who is the father of us all .
it came to pass in the seven and twentieth year , in the first month , in the first day of the month , the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
he made ready his chariot , and took his army with him ;
he spoke to the man clothed in linen , and said , go in between the whirling wheels , even under the cherub , and fill both your hands with coals of fire from between the cherubim , and scatter them over the city . he went in as i watched .
you shall betroth a wife , and another man shall lie with her : you shall build a house , and you shall not dwell therein : you shall plant a vineyard , and shall not use the fruit of it .
and saying , where is the promise of his coming ? for , from the day that the fathers fell asleep , all things continue as they were from the beginning of the creation .
these , therefore , came to philip , who was from bethsaida of galilee , and asked him , saying , sir , we want to see jesus .
for i tell you that to everyone who has , will more be given ; but from him who does n't have , even that which he has will be taken away from him .
he struck them hip and thigh with a great slaughter : and he went down and lived in the cleft of the rock of etam .
to another faith , by the same spirit ; and to another gifts of healings , by the same spirit ;
be prepared , yes , prepare yourself , you , and all your companies who are assembled to you , and be a guard to them .
yahweh preserves all those who love him , but all the wicked he will destroy .
nor the seven loaves for the four thousand , and how many baskets you took up ?
by the rivers of babylon , there we sat down . yes , we wept , when we remembered zion .
and the levite , because he has no portion nor inheritance with you , and the foreigner living among you , and the fatherless , and the widow , who are within your gates , shall come , and shall eat and be satisfied ; that yahweh your god may bless you in all the work of your hand which you do .
they were distressed because they were confident ; they came there , and were confounded .
so he brought down the people to the water : and yahweh said to gideon , everyone who laps of the water with his tongue , as a dog laps , him shall you set by himself ; likewise everyone who bows down on his knees to drink .
every vow , and every binding oath to afflict the soul , her husband may establish it , or her husband may make it void .
when he had looked around at them with anger , being grieved at the hardening of their hearts , he said to the man , stretch out your hand . he stretched it out , and his hand was restored as healthy as the other .
yahweh spoke to moses that same day , saying ,
they are foam on the surface of the waters . their portion is cursed in the earth : they do n't turn into the way of the vineyards .
they die in youth . their life perishes among the unclean .
for israel has forgotten his maker and built palaces ; and judah has multiplied fortified cities ; but i will send a fire on his cities , and it will devour its fortresses .
so then the lord jesus , after he had spoken to them , was received up into heaven , and sat down at the right hand of god .
you afflicted , tossed with tempest , and not comforted , behold , i will set your stones in beautiful colors , and lay your foundations with sapphires .
when you cry , let those who you have gathered deliver you ; but the wind shall take them , a breath shall carry them all away : but he who takes refuge in me shall possess the land , and shall inherit my holy mountain .
therefore i will judge you , house of israel , everyone according to his ways , says the lord yahweh . return you , and turn yourselves from all your transgressions ; so iniquity shall not be your ruin .
all who heard him were amazed at his understanding and his answers .
in the plain of the jordan did the king cast them , in the clay ground between succoth and zarethan .
he measured the length of it , twenty cubits , and the breadth , twenty cubits , before the temple : and he said to me , this is the most holy place .
saul was very angry , and this saying displeased him ; and he said , they have ascribed to david ten thousands , and to me they have ascribed but thousands : and what can he have more but the kingdom ?
you shall fear yahweh your god ; and him shall you serve , and shall swear by his name .
he cried with a mighty voice , saying , fallen , fallen is babylon the great , and she has become a habitation of demons , a prison of every unclean spirit , and a prison of every unclean and hateful bird !
without faith it is impossible to be well pleasing to him , for he who comes to god must believe that he exists , and that he is a rewarder of those who seek him .
yet for all that , when they are in the land of their enemies , i will not reject them , neither will i abhor them , to destroy them utterly , and to break my covenant with them ; for i am yahweh their god ;
but watch yourselves , for they will deliver you up to councils . you will be beaten in synagogues . you will stand before rulers and kings for my sake , for a testimony to them .
surely then shall you lift up your face without spot ; yes , you shall be steadfast , and shall not fear :
as he sat on the mount of olives opposite the temple , peter , james , john , and andrew asked him privately ,
egypt rises up like the nile , and his waters toss themselves like the rivers : and he says , i will rise up , i will cover the earth ; i will destroy cities and the inhabitants of it .
then pharaoh said to him , but what have you lacked with me , that behold , you seek to go to your own country ? he answered , nothing : however only let me depart .
he said to me , daniel , you man greatly beloved , understand the words that i speak to you , and stand upright ; for to you am i now sent . when he had spoken this word to me , i stood trembling .
then joram passed over to zair , and all his chariots with him : and he rose up by night , and struck the edomites who surrounded him , and the captains of the chariots ; and the people fled to their tents .
the elder and the honorable man is the head , and the prophet who teaches lies is the tail .
give diligence to present yourself approved by god , a workman who does n't need to be ashamed , properly handling the word of truth .
holding up the word of life ; that i may have something to boast in the day of christ , that i did n't run in vain nor labor in vain .
that the cities which huram had given to solomon , solomon built them , and caused the children of israel to dwell there .
give thanks to yahweh with the lyre . sing praises to him with the harp of ten strings .
gathering together all the chief priests and scribes of the people , he asked them where the christ would be born .
awake , sword , against my shepherd , and against the man who is close to me , says yahweh of armies . strike the shepherd , and the sheep will be scattered ; and i will turn my hand against the little ones .
when all israel saw that the king did n't listen to them , the people answered the king , saying , what portion have we in david ? neither have we inheritance in the son of jesse : to your tents , israel : now see to your own house , david . so israel departed to their tents .
now therefore take twelve men out of the tribes of israel , for every tribe a man .
they said to joshua , we are your servants . joshua said to them , who are you ? and from whence come you ?
remember now , yahweh , i beg you , how i have walked before you in truth and with a perfect heart , and have done that which is good in your sight . hezekiah wept sore .
for as through the one man 's disobedience many were made sinners , even so through the obedience of the one will many be made righteous .
and you shall give the money , with which the remainder of them is redeemed , to aaron and to his sons .
a devout man , and one who feared god with all his house , who gave gifts for the needy generously to the people , and always prayed to god .
he had a son , whose name was saul , an impressive young man ; and there was not among the children of israel a better person than he . from his shoulders and upward he was higher than any of the people .
samuel said to saul , why have you disquieted me , to bring me up ? saul answered , i am sore distressed ; for the philistines make war against me , and god is departed from me , and answers me no more , neither by prophets , nor by dreams : therefore i have called you , that you may make known to me what i shall do .
but jesus said to him , follow me , and leave the dead to bury their own dead .
now the word of yahweh came to jonah the son of amittai , saying ,
then will i make this house like shiloh , and will make this city a curse to all the nations of the earth .
my soul still remembers them , and is bowed down within me .
but david had brought the ark of god up from kiriath jearim to the place that david had prepared for it ; for he had pitched a tent for it at jerusalem .
to shine on those who sit in darkness and the shadow of death ; to guide our feet into the way of peace .
for i lift up my hand to heaven , and say , as i live forever ,
even a fool , when he keeps silent , is counted wise . when he shuts his lips , he is thought to be discerning .
also solomon sits on the throne of the kingdom .
the field , and the cave that is in it , were deeded to abraham for a possession of a burying place by the children of heth .
but when his heart was lifted up , and his spirit was hardened so that he dealt proudly , he was deposed from his kingly throne , and they took his glory from him :
jacob took to himself rods of fresh poplar , almond , plane tree , peeled white streaks in them , and made the white appear which was in the rods .
for such as are blessed by him shall inherit the land . those who are cursed by him shall be cut off .
there they were in great fear , for god is in the generation of the righteous .
he gave over their livestock also to the hail , and their flocks to hot thunderbolts .
it happened , in process of time , at the end of two years , that his bowels fell out by reason of his sickness , and he died of sore diseases . his people made no burning for him , like the burning of his fathers .
so then , my beloved , even as you have always obeyed , not only in my presence , but now much more in my absence , work out your own salvation with fear and trembling .
for on the first day of the first month began he to go up from babylon ; and on the first day of the fifth month came he to jerusalem , according to the good hand of his god on him .
go , and gather the elders of israel together , and tell them , yahweh , the god of your fathers , the god of abraham , of isaac , and of jacob , has appeared to me , saying , i have surely visited you , and seen that which is done to you in egypt ;
but he who hates his brother is in the darkness , and walks in the darkness , and does n't know where he is going , because the darkness has blinded his eyes .
the appointed charge of the sons of merari shall be the tabernacle 's boards , its bars , its pillars , its sockets , all its instruments , all its service ,
therefore neither the priests of dagon , nor any who come into dagon 's house , tread on the threshold of dagon in ashdod , to this day .
i am afraid for you , that i might have wasted my labor for you .
even the god who executes vengeance for me , who brings down peoples under me ,
and he said , if you will diligently listen to the voice of yahweh your god , and will do that which is right in his eyes , and will pay attention to his commandments , and keep all his statutes , i will put none of the diseases on you , which i have put on the egyptians ; for i am yahweh who heals you .
he made the altar of burnt offering of acacia wood . it was square . its length was five cubits , its breadth was five cubits , and its height was three cubits .
for thus says yahweh : like as i have brought all this great evil on this people , so will i bring on them all the good that i have promised them .
but i must die in this land , i must not go over the jordan ; but you shall go over , and possess that good land .
pharaoh said , i will let you go , that you may sacrifice to yahweh your god in the wilderness , only you shall not go very far away . pray for me .
these are the statutes and the ordinances which you shall observe to do in the land which yahweh , the god of your fathers , has given you to possess it , all the days that you live on the earth .
and their king will go into captivity , he and his princes together , says yahweh .
then job answered ,
the wicked shall be turned back to sheol , even all the nations that forget god .
for yahweh your god is he who goes with you , to fight for you against your enemies , to save you .
nevertheless you shall not build the house ; but your son who shall come forth out of your body , he shall build the house for my name .
there went forth a wind from yahweh , and brought quails from the sea , and let them fall by the camp , about a day 's journey on this side , and a day 's journey on the other side , round about the camp , and about two cubits above the surface of the earth .
hiram king of tyre sent messengers to david , and cedar trees , and masons , and carpenters , to build him a house .
yahweh is my light and my salvation . whom shall i fear ? yahweh is the strength of my life . of whom shall i be afraid ?
you shall not eat it ; that it may go well with you , and with your children after you , when you shall do that which is right in the eyes of yahweh .
beloved , do n't believe every spirit , but test the spirits , whether they are of god , because many false prophets have gone out into the world .
the cloud removed from over the tent ; and behold , miriam was leprous , as white as snow : and aaron looked at miriam , and behold , she was leprous .
wail , you shepherds , and cry ; and wallow in ashes , you principal of the flock ; for the days of your slaughter and of your dispersions are fully come , and you shall fall like a goodly vessel .
now i mean this , that each one of you says , i follow paul , i follow apollos , i follow cephas , and , i follow christ .
for thus says yahweh who created the heavens , the god who formed the earth and made it , who established it and did n't create it a waste , who formed it to be inhabited : i am yahweh ; and there is no one else .
if they be ashamed of all that they have done , make known to them the form of the house , and the fashion of it , and the exits of it , and the entrances of it , and all the forms of it , and all the ordinances of it , and all the forms of it , and all the laws of it ; and write it in their sight ; that they may keep the whole form of it , and all the ordinances of it , and do them .
they took every man his censer , and put fire in them , and laid incense thereon , and stood at the door of the tent of meeting with moses and aaron .
for they refreshed my spirit and yours . therefore acknowledge those who are like that .
woe to you ! for you build the tombs of the prophets , and your fathers killed them .
therefore , i tell you , do n't be anxious for your life : what you will eat , or what you will drink ; nor yet for your body , what you will wear . is n't life more than food , and the body more than clothing ?
what one nation in the earth is like your people israel , whom god went to redeem to himself for a people , to make you a name by great and awesome things , in driving out nations from before your people , whom you redeem out of egypt ?
david said to solomon his son , be strong and of good courage , and do it : do n't be afraid , nor be dismayed ; for yahweh god , even my god , is with you ; he will not fail you , nor forsake you , until all the work for the service of the house of yahweh is finished .
there was much murmuring among the multitudes concerning him . some said , he is a good man . others said , not so , but he leads the multitude astray .
it grieves me that i have set up saul to be king ; for he is turned back from following me , and has not performed my commandments . samuel was angry ; and he cried to yahweh all night .
the children of benjamin did not drive out the jebusites who inhabited jerusalem ; but the jebusites dwell with the children of benjamin in jerusalem to this day .
others , testing him , sought from him a sign from heaven .
she lay at his feet until the morning . she rose up before one could discern another . for he said , let it not be known that the woman came to the threshing floor .
now we know that you know all things , and do n't need for anyone to question you . by this we believe that you came forth from god .
he said to them , go and tell that fox , behold , i cast out demons and perform cures today and tomorrow , and the third day i complete my mission .
you came down also on mount sinai , and spoke with them from heaven , and gave them right ordinances and true laws , good statutes and commandments ,
thus shall you say to the prophet , what has yahweh answered you ? and , what has yahweh spoken ?
then the king of israel called an officer , and said , get quickly micaiah the son of imla .
that they may know from the rising of the sun , and from the west , that there is none besides me : i am yahweh , and there is no one else .
all your enemies have opened their mouth wide against you ; they hiss and gnash the teeth ; they say , we have swallowed her up ; certainly this is the day that we looked for ; we have found , we have seen it .
but all these things are the beginning of birth pains .
he brought aaron 's sons ; and moses put some of the blood on the tip of their right ear , and on the thumb of their right hand , and on the great toe of their right foot ; and moses sprinkled the blood on the altar round about .
those who were numbered of them , according to the number of all the males , from a month old and upward , were six thousand two hundred .
god 's temple that is in heaven was opened , and the ark of the lord 's covenant was seen in his temple . lightnings , sounds , thunders , an earthquake , and great hail followed .
suddenly looking around , they saw no one with them any more , except jesus only .
for the head of syria is damascus , and the head of damascus is rezin ; and within sixty - five years ephraim shall be broken in pieces , so that it shall not be a people ;
the priest shall examine him on the seventh day . if it has spread in the skin , then the priest shall pronounce him unclean . it is the plague of leprosy .
in a controversy they shall stand to judge ; according to my ordinances shall they judge it : and they shall keep my laws and my statutes in all my appointed feasts ; and they shall make my sabbaths holy .
and he went down with them , and came to nazareth . he was subject to them , and his mother kept all these sayings in her heart .
for we will not inherit with them on the other side of the jordan , and forward ; because our inheritance is fallen to us on this side of the jordan eastward .
surely i would speak to the almighty . i desire to reason with god .
they said , yahweh , the god of israel , why has this happened in israel , that there should be today one tribe lacking in israel ?
for when they went up to the valley of eshcol , and saw the land , they discouraged the heart of the children of israel , that they should not go into the land which yahweh had given them .
on the south side shall be the standard of the camp of reuben according to their divisions . the prince of the children of reuben shall be elizur the son of shedeur .
notwithstanding hezekiah humbled himself for the pride of his heart , both he and the inhabitants of jerusalem , so that the wrath of yahweh did n't come on them in the days of hezekiah .
if the avenger of blood pursue after him , then they shall not deliver up the manslayer into his hand ; because he struck his neighbor unawares , and did n't hate him before .
when one told me , saying , behold , saul is dead , thinking to have brought good news , i took hold of him , and killed him in ziklag , which was the reward i gave him for his news .
you shall make them linen breeches to cover the flesh of their nakedness ; from the waist even to the thighs they shall reach :
you make us a byword among the nations , a shaking of the head among the peoples .
solomon sought therefore to kill jeroboam ; but jeroboam arose , and fled into egypt , to shishak king of egypt , and was in egypt until the death of solomon .
this is what yahweh of armies says : these people say , the time has n't yet come , the time for yahweh 's house to be built . '
they struck of moab at that time about ten thousand men , every lusty man , and every man of valor ; and there escaped not a man .
blessed be yahweh , my rock , who teaches my hands to war , and my fingers to battle :
you , son of man , prophesy , and say , thus says the lord yahweh concerning the children of ammon , and concerning their reproach ; and say you , a sword , a sword is drawn , for the slaughter it is furbished , to cause it to devour , that it may be as lightning ;
jehoash slept with his fathers , and was buried in samaria with the kings of israel ; and jeroboam his son reigned in his place .
of it he shall offer one out of each offering for a heave offering to yahweh . it shall be the priest 's who sprinkles the blood of the peace offerings .
when we had sailed slowly many days , and had come with difficulty opposite cnidus , the wind not allowing us further , we sailed under the lee of crete , opposite salmone .
the people , the princes of gilead , said one to another , what man is he who will begin to fight against the children of ammon ? he shall be head over all the inhabitants of gilead .
but the men would n't listen to him : so the man laid hold on his concubine , and brought her forth to them ; and they knew her , and abused her all the night until the morning : and when the day began to spring , they let her go .
so he called them in and lodged them . on the next day peter arose and went out with them , and some of the brothers from joppa accompanied him .
it happened on the next day , that moses went into the tent of the testimony ; and behold , the rod of aaron for the house of levi was budded , and put forth buds , and produced blossoms , and bore ripe almonds .
the days that david reigned over israel were forty years ; seven years reigned he in hebron , and thirty - three years reigned he in jerusalem .
when david inquired of yahweh , he said , you shall not go up : make a circuit behind them , and come on them over against the mulberry trees .
therefore , as sin entered into the world through one man , and death through sin ; and so death passed to all men , because all sinned .
so are the paths of all who forget god . the hope of the godless man shall perish ,
the tombs were opened , and many bodies of the saints who had fallen asleep were raised ;
i , behold , i have appointed with him oholiab , the son of ahisamach , of the tribe of dan ; and in the heart of all who are wise - hearted i have put wisdom , that they may make all that i have commanded you :
yahweh said to joshua , this day have i rolled away the reproach of egypt from off you . therefore the name of that place was called gilgal , to this day .
you have enlarged my steps under me , my feet have not slipped .
cursed be the man who brought news to my father , saying , a boy is born to you ; making him very glad .
now herod was very angry with the people of tyre and sidon . they came with one accord to him , and , having made blastus , the king 's chamberlain , their friend , they asked for peace , because their country depended on the king 's country for food .
take the rod , and assemble the congregation , you , and aaron your brother , and speak you to the rock before their eyes , that it give forth its water ; and you shall bring forth to them water out of the rock ; so you shall give the congregation and their livestock drink .
they arose out of midian , and came to paran ; and they took men with them out of paran , and they came to egypt , to pharaoh king of egypt , who gave him a house , and appointed him food , and gave him land .
he who becomes the father of a fool grieves . the father of a fool has no joy .
they talked with each other about all of these things which had happened .
for because you did n't carry it at the first , yahweh our god made a breach on us , because we did n't seek him according to the ordinance .
also he made before the house two pillars of thirty - five cubits high , and the capital that was on the top of each of them was five cubits .
samuel said to the cook , bring the portion which i gave you , of which i said to you , set it by you .
he said to him , i also am a prophet as you are ; and an angel spoke to me by the word of yahweh , saying , bring him back with you into your house , that he may eat bread and drink water . but he lied to him .
but i have this against you , that you left your first love .
as do mark , aristarchus , demas , and luke , my fellow workers .
around the throne were twenty - four thrones . on the thrones were twenty - four elders sitting , dressed in white garments , with crowns of gold on their heads .
by wisdom yahweh founded the earth . by understanding , he established the heavens .
so they came and called to the porter of the city ; and they told them , saying , we came to the camp of the syrians , and , behold , there was no man there , neither voice of man , but the horses tied , and the donkeys tied , and the tents as they were .
for the kingdom of heaven is like a man who was the master of a household , who went out early in the morning to hire laborers for his vineyard .
they prayed , and said , you , lord , who know the hearts of all men , show which one of these two you have chosen
they shall know that i am yahweh , when i shall disperse them among the nations , and scatter them through the countries .
and whatever you do , work heartily , as for the lord , and not for men ,
remember the former things of old : for i am god , and there is none else ; i am god , and there is none like me ;
they roasted the passover with fire according to the ordinance : and the holy offerings boiled they in pots , and in caldrons , and in pans , and carried them quickly to all the children of the people .
when asa heard these words , and the prophecy of oded the prophet , he took courage , and put away the abominations out of all the land of judah and benjamin , and out of the cities which he had taken from the hill country of ephraim ; and he renewed the altar of yahweh , that was before the porch of yahweh .
then stood up jeshua the son of jozadak , and his brothers the priests , and zerubbabel the son of shealtiel , and his brothers , and built the altar of the god of israel , to offer burnt offerings thereon , as it is written in the law of moses the man of god .
how then was it counted ? when he was in circumcision , or in uncircumcision ? not in circumcision , but in uncircumcision .
the people grieved for benjamin , because that yahweh had made a breach in the tribes of israel .
now the feast of unleavened bread , which is called the passover , drew near .
remember , yahweh , against the children of edom , the day of jerusalem ; who said , raze it ! raze it even to its foundation !
yet he has no root in himself , but endures for a while . when oppression or persecution arises because of the word , immediately he stumbles .
god said , let the waters under the sky be gathered together to one place , and let the dry land appear , and it was so .
you shall be blessed above all peoples : there shall not be male or female barren among you , or among your livestock .
when david came to ziklag , he sent of the spoil to the elders of judah , even to his friends , saying , behold , a present for you of the spoil of the enemies of yahweh :
the philistines gathered themselves together , and came and encamped in shunem : and saul gathered all israel together , and they encamped in gilboa .
every base had four brazen wheels , and axles of brass ; and the four feet of it had supports : beneath the basin were the supports molten , with wreaths at the side of each .
after you shall arise another kingdom inferior to you ; and another third kingdom of brass , which shall bear rule over all the earth .
these twenty years i have been with you . your ewes and your female goats have not cast their young , and i have n't eaten the rams of your flocks .
he killed it ; and moses took the blood , and put it on the horns of the altar round about with his finger , and purified the altar , and poured out the blood at the base of the altar , and sanctified it , to make atonement for it .
hannah prayed , and said : my heart exults in yahweh ; my horn is exalted in yahweh ; my mouth is enlarged over my enemies ; because i rejoice in your salvation .
( that also is accounted a land of rephaim : rephaim lived therein before ; but the ammonites call them zamzummim ,
be careful therefore how you hear . for whoever has , to him will be given ; and whoever does n't have , from him will be taken away even that which he thinks he has .
moreover he who goes into the house while it is shut up shall be unclean until the evening .
the word of yahweh came expressly to ezekiel the priest , the son of buzi , in the land of the chaldeans by the river chebar ; and the hand of yahweh was there on him .
when evening came , they brought to him many possessed with demons . he cast out the spirits with a word , and healed all who were sick ;
they said , the lord needs it .
but he was angry , and would not go in . therefore his father came out , and begged him .
you shall set up the court around it , and hang up the screen of the gate of the court .
he said , thus says yahweh , make this valley full of trenches .
he went his way , and began to proclaim in decapolis how jesus had done great things for him , and everyone marveled .
it happened at that time , when jeroboam went out of jerusalem , that the prophet ahijah the shilonite found him in the way ; now ahijah had clad himself with a new garment ; and they two were alone in the field .
thus says the lord yahweh : because moab and seir say , behold , the house of judah is like all the nations ;
nadab and abihu died before yahweh , when they offered strange fire before yahweh , in the wilderness of sinai , and they had no children . eleazar and ithamar ministered in the priest 's office in the presence of aaron their father .
blessed is the man who makes yahweh his trust , and does n't respect the proud , nor such as turn aside to lies .
in these days , peter stood up in the midst of the disciples ( and the number of names was about one hundred twenty ) , and said ,
he went out from there . he came into his own country , and his disciples followed him .
i know what i will do , so that when i am removed from management , they may receive me into their houses . '
what is it then ? i will pray with the spirit , and i will pray with the understanding also . i will sing with the spirit , and i will sing with the understanding also .
then after a period of fourteen years i went up again to jerusalem with barnabas , taking titus also with me .
you shall write them on the door posts of your house , and on your gates .
the archers have sorely grieved him , shot at him , and persecute him :
so i stood beside him , and killed him , because i was sure that he could not live after that he was fallen : and i took the crown that was on his head , and the bracelet that was on his arm , and have brought them here to my lord .
remember that you magnify his work , whereof men have sung .
immediately in the synagogues he proclaimed the christ , that he is the son of god .
for as the rain comes down and the snow from the sky , and does n't return there , but waters the earth , and makes it bring forth and bud , and gives seed to the sower and bread to the eater ;
i tell you that even so there will be more joy in heaven over one sinner who repents , than over ninety - nine righteous people who need no repentance .
this , your stature , is like a palm tree , your breasts like its fruit .
see how good and how pleasant it is for brothers to live together in unity !
the grace of the lord jesus christ be with you .
you have clothed me with skin and flesh , and knit me together with bones and sinews .
nor to build houses for us to dwell in ; neither have we vineyard , nor field , nor seed :
i am the god of bethel , where you anointed a pillar , where you vowed a vow to me . now arise , get out from this land , and return to the land of your birth .
the king of israel said to jehoshaphat , did n't i tell you that he would not prophesy good concerning me , but evil ?
only to the land of the children of ammon you did n't come near ; all the side of the river jabbok , and the cities of the hill country , and wherever yahweh our god forbade us .
are you the first man who was born ? or were you brought forth before the hills ?
prepare you war against her ; arise , and let us go up at noon . woe to us ! for the day declines , for the shadows of the evening are stretched out .
paul stayed two whole years in his own rented house , and received all who were coming to him ,
yet you shall be brought down to sheol , to the depths of the pit .
saying , to you i will give the land of canaan , the lot of your inheritance ;
but i will leave in the midst of you an afflicted and poor people , and they will take refuge in the name of yahweh .
he found in the temple those who sold oxen , sheep , and doves , and the changers of money sitting .
they came again to jerusalem , and as he was walking in the temple , the chief priests , and the scribes , and the elders came to him ,
it happened , as soon as he had made an end of offering the burnt offering , that jehu said to the guard and to the captains , go in , and kill them ; let none come forth . they struck them with the edge of the sword ; and the guard and the captains cast them out , and went to the city of the house of baal .
they shall know that i am yahweh their god , who brought them forth out of the land of egypt , that i might dwell among them : i am yahweh their god .
those who were numbered of the families of the sons of merari , by their families , by their fathers ' houses ,
if fire breaks out , and catches in thorns so that the shocks of grain , or the standing grain , or the field are consumed ; he who kindled the fire shall surely make restitution .
the consecrated things were six hundred oxen and three thousand sheep .
( he had not consented to their counsel and deed ) , from arimathaea , a city of the jews , who was also waiting for the kingdom of god :
the child grew , and was weaned . abraham made a great feast on the day that isaac was weaned .
when aaron and his sons have finished covering the sanctuary , and all the furniture of the sanctuary , as the camp moves forward ; after that , the sons of kohath shall come to carry it : but they shall not touch the sanctuary , lest they die . these things are the burden of the sons of kohath in the tent of meeting .
elijah answered to the captain of fifty , if i be a man of god , let fire come down from the sky , and consume you and your fifty . fire came down from the sky , and consumed him and his fifty .
all the days of his vow of separation there shall no razor come on his head , until the days are fulfilled , in which he separates himself to yahweh . he shall be holy . he shall let the locks of the hair of his head grow long .
it stood still , but i could n't discern the appearance of it ; a form was before my eyes . silence , then i heard a voice , saying ,
the children of dan went their way : and when micah saw that they were too strong for him , he turned and went back to his house .
our elders and all the inhabitants of our country spoke to us , saying , take provision in your hand for the journey , and go to meet them , and tell them , we are your servants : and now make you a covenant with us .
being assembled together with them , he charged them , do n't depart from jerusalem , but wait for the promise of the father , which you heard from me .
they will see his face , and his name will be on their foreheads .
salt is good , but if the salt becomes flat and tasteless , with what do you season it ?
moses spoke so to the children of israel , but they did n't listen to moses for anguish of spirit , and for cruel bondage .
then she came and told the man of god . he said , go , sell the oil , and pay your debt , and live you and your sons of the rest .
we toil , working with our own hands . when people curse us , we bless . being persecuted , we endure .
i saw something like a sea of glass mixed with fire , and those who overcame the beast , his image , and the number of his name , standing on the sea of glass , having harps of god .
indignation has taken hold on me , because of the wicked who forsake your law .
jehoiada made a covenant between himself , and all the people , and the king , that they should be yahweh 's people .
so that we ourselves boast about you in the assemblies of god for your patience and faith in all your persecutions and in the afflictions which you endure .
you seed of abraham , his servant , you children of jacob , his chosen ones .
they took all the spoil , and all the prey , both of man and of animal .
moreover i said to the king , if it please the king , let letters be given me to the governors beyond the river , that they may let me pass through until i come to judah ;
but the king spared mephibosheth , the son of jonathan the son of saul , because of yahweh 's oath that was between them , between david and jonathan the son of saul .
then he sent out a second on horseback , who came to them , and said , thus says the king , is it peace ? jehu answered , what have you to do with peace ? turn you behind me .
the people got them by stealth that day into the city , as people who are ashamed steal away when they flee in battle .
his going forth is from the end of the heavens , his circuit to its ends ; there is nothing hidden from its heat .
they think it is strange that you do n't run with them into the same excess of riot , blaspheming :
then peter , turning around , saw a disciple following . this was the disciple whom jesus sincerely loved , the one who had also leaned on jesus ' breast at the supper and asked , lord , who is going to betray you ?
it happened when jesus had finished these words , he departed from galilee , and came into the borders of judea beyond the jordan .
the breadth of the entrance was ten cubits ; and the sides of the entrance were five cubits on the one side , and five cubits on the other side : and he measured the length of it , forty cubits , and the breadth , twenty cubits .
to the jews i became as a jew , that i might gain jews ; to those who are under the law , as under the law , that i might gain those who are under the law ;
then jesus said , i will be with you a little while longer , then i go to him who sent me .
that i may take the house of israel in their own heart , because they are all estranged from me through their idols .
i will walk before yahweh in the land of the living .
this shall be the priests ' due from the people , from those who offer a sacrifice , whether it be ox or sheep , that they shall give to the priest the shoulder , and the two cheeks , and the maw .
and i , and all the people who are with me , will approach to the city . it shall happen , when they come out against us , as at the first , that we will flee before them ;
they swore to yahweh with a loud voice , and with shouting , and with trumpets , and with cornets .
you shall not take vengeance , nor bear any grudge against the children of your people ; but you shall love your neighbor as yourself . i am yahweh .
let us therefore draw near with boldness to the throne of grace , that we may receive mercy , and may find grace for help in time of need .
they cried out , away with him ! away with him ! crucify him ! pilate said to them , shall i crucify your king ? the chief priests answered , we have no king but caesar !
can the papyrus grow up without mire ? can the rushes grow without water ?
yahweh your god has multiplied you , and behold , you are this day as the stars of the sky for multitude .
when a great argument arose , the commanding officer , fearing that paul would be torn in pieces by them , commanded the soldiers to go down and take him by force from among them , and bring him into the barracks .
six days you shall gather it , but on the seventh day is the sabbath . in it there shall be none .
but that the world may know that i love the father , and as the father commanded me , even so i do . arise , let us go from here .
he took and put the testimony into the ark , and set the poles on the ark , and put the mercy seat above on the ark .
but if you will not listen to us , to be circumcised , then we will take our sister , and we will be gone .
i will incline my ear to a proverb . i will open my riddle on the harp .
babylon has been a golden cup in yahweh 's hand , who made all the earth drunken : the nations have drunk of her wine ; therefore the nations are mad .
for her sins have reached to the sky , and god has remembered her iniquities .
righteousness will be the belt of his waist , and faithfulness the belt of his waist .
your two breasts are like two fawns that are twins of a roe , which feed among the lilies .
yahweh said to me , take a large tablet , and write on it with a man 's pen , for maher shalal hash baz ; '
joseph commanded his servants , the physicians , to embalm his father ; and the physicians embalmed israel .
yahweh said to moses , stretch out your hand over the land of egypt for the locusts , that they may come up on the land of egypt , and eat every herb of the land , even all that the hail has left .
i will utter my judgments against them touching all their wickedness , in that they have forsaken me , and have burned incense to other gods , and worshiped the works of their own hands .
yes , when i cry , and call for help , he shuts out my prayer .
and they found him , and told him , everyone is looking for you .
for i most assuredly , as being absent in body but present in spirit , have already , as though i were present , judged him who has done this thing .
saying to aaron , make us gods that will go before us , for as for this moses , who led us out of the land of egypt , we do n't know what has become of him . '
your way , god , is in the sanctuary . what god is great like god ?
god said to noah , this is the token of the covenant which i have established between me and all flesh that is on the earth .
do n't let kindness and truth forsake you . bind them around your neck . write them on the tablet of your heart .
and i will bring back all the people to you : the man whom you seek is as if all returned : so all the people shall be in peace .
and had taken captive the women and all who were therein , both small and great : they did n't kill any , but carried them off , and went their way .
give no occasions for stumbling , either to jews , or to greeks , or to the assembly of god ;
listen you to the petitions of your servant , and of your people israel , when they shall pray toward this place : yes , hear from your dwelling place , even from heaven ; and when you hear , forgive .
nor did i go up to jerusalem to those who were apostles before me , but i went away into arabia . then i returned to damascus .
then said jonathan to david , whatever your soul desires , i will even do it for you .
god has shown himself in her citadels as a refuge .
so he made two doors of olive wood ; and he carved on them carvings of cherubim and palm trees and open flowers , and overlaid them with gold ; and he spread the gold on the cherubim , and on the palm trees .
he will judge among the nations . he will heap up dead bodies . he will crush the ruler of the whole earth .
take aaron and his sons with him , and the garments , and the anointing oil , and the bull of the sin offering , and the two rams , and the basket of unleavened bread ;
but every woman praying or prophesying with her head unveiled dishonors her head . for it is one and the same thing as if she were shaved .
but we will bless yah , from this time forth and forevermore . praise yah !
besides the continual burnt offering , and the meal offering of it , you shall offer them ( they shall be to you without blemish ) , and their drink offerings .
he sings before men , and says , i have sinned , and perverted that which was right , and it did n't profit me .
now consider this , you who forget god , lest i tear you into pieces , and there be none to deliver .
if a man have committed a sin worthy of death , and he be put to death , and you hang him on a tree ;
thus he said , the fourth animal shall be a fourth kingdom on earth , which shall be diverse from all the kingdoms , and shall devour the whole earth , and shall tread it down , and break it in pieces .
if your father miss me at all , then say , david earnestly asked leave of me that he might run to bethlehem his city ; for it is the yearly sacrifice there for all the family .
lord , how long will you look on ? rescue my soul from their destruction , my precious life from the lions .
again , i write a new commandment to you , which is true in him and in you ; because the darkness is passing away , and the true light already shines .
the men of nineveh will stand up in the judgment with this generation , and will condemn it , for they repented at the preaching of jonah ; and behold , someone greater than jonah is here .
they rose up in the morning early , and worshiped before yahweh , and returned , and came to their house to ramah : and elkanah knew hannah his wife ; and yahweh remembered her .
sing , heavens ; and be joyful , earth ; and break forth into singing , mountains : for yahweh has comforted his people , and will have compassion on his afflicted .
yahweh said to him , go down and you shall bring aaron up with you , but do n't let the priests and the people break through to come up to yahweh , lest he break forth on them .
then there were two robbers crucified with him , one on his right hand and one on the left .
after the two days he went out from there and went into galilee .
why was n't this ointment sold for three hundred denarii , and given to the poor ?
as you still exalt yourself against my people , that you wo n't let them go .
then i came to them of the captivity at tel aviv , that lived by the river chebar , and to where they lived ; and i sat there overwhelmed among them seven days .
for he knew him who would betray him , therefore he said , you are not all clean .
it happened , when moses came down from mount sinai with the two tablets of the testimony in moses ' hand , when he came down from the mountain , that moses did n't know that the skin of his face shone by reason of his speaking with him .
but he does n't know that the dead are there , that her guests are in the depths of sheol .
not only is there danger that this our trade come into disrepute , but also that the temple of the great goddess artemis will be counted as nothing , and her majesty destroyed , whom all asia and the world worships .
therefore when the lord knew that the pharisees had heard that jesus was making and baptizing more disciples than john
surely the lord yahweh will do nothing , unless he reveals his secret to his servants the prophets .
many times he delivered them , but they were rebellious in their counsel , and were brought low in their iniquity .
phinehas the son of eleazar was ruler over them in time past , and yahweh was with him .
the work of the bases was on this manner : they had panels ; and there were panels between the ledges ;
only you shall not eat its blood ; you shall pour it out on the ground as water .
saul said , blessed be you of yahweh ; for you have had compassion on me .
but the wise answered , saying , what if there is n't enough for us and you ? you go rather to those who sell , and buy for yourselves . '
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
they open their mouths wide against me , lions tearing prey and roaring .
he did n't lay his hand on the nobles of the children of israel . they saw god , and ate and drank .
those who are perverse in heart are an abomination to yahweh , but those whose ways are blameless are his delight .
yahweh spoke to gad , david 's seer , saying ,
let them praise yahweh for his loving kindness , for his wonderful works for the children of men !
the third lot came up for the children of zebulun according to their families ; and the border of their inheritance was to sarid ;
it happened , when he had come , that he blew a trumpet in the hill country of ephraim ; and the children of israel went down with him from the hill country , and he before them .
i have called to you . save me ! i will obey your statutes .
this is how you shall make it . the length of the ark will be three hundred cubits , the breadth of it fifty cubits , and the height of it thirty cubits .
whether it has gored a son or has gored a daughter , according to this judgment it shall be done to him .
yahweh heard the voice of your words , when you spoke to me ; and yahweh said to me , i have heard the voice of the words of this people , which they have spoken to you : they have well said all that they have spoken .
if he be able to fight with me , and kill me , then will we be your servants ; but if i prevail against him , and kill him , then shall you be our servants , and serve us .
and hope does n't disappoint us , because god 's love has been poured out into our hearts through the holy spirit who was given to us .
but to you , yahweh , i have cried . in the morning , my prayer comes before you .
but you , son of man , hear what i tell you ; do n't be you rebellious like that rebellious house : open your mouth , and eat that which i give you .
while the children of israel were in the wilderness , they found a man gathering sticks on the sabbath day .
but of which of the angels has he said at any time , sit at my right hand , until i make your enemies the footstool of your feet ?
all of them come for violence . their hordes face the desert . he gathers prisoners like sand .
he was returning and sitting in his chariot , and was reading the prophet isaiah .
as for those of you who are left , i will send a faintness into their hearts in the lands of their enemies : and the sound of a driven leaf will put them to flight ; and they shall flee , as one flees from the sword ; and they will fall when no one pursues .
he did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh : he did n't depart all his days from the sins of jeroboam the son of nebat , with which he made israel to sin .
but put forth your hand now , and touch all that he has , and he will renounce you to your face .
and tore the kingdom away from the house of david , and gave it you ; and yet you have not been as my servant david , who kept my commandments , and who followed me with all his heart , to do that only which was right in my eyes ,
you shall see the affliction of my habitation , in all the wealth which god shall give israel ; and there shall not be an old man in your house forever .
samaria and her king float away , like a twig on the water .
the leach has two daughters : give , give . ' there are three things that are never satisfied ; four that do n't say , enough : '
so he arose and went to zarephath ; and when he came to the gate of the city , behold , a widow was there gathering sticks : and he called to her , and said , please get me a little water in a vessel , that i may drink .
they shall keep all the furnishings of the tent of meeting , and the obligations of the children of israel , to do the service of the tabernacle .
now it happened , after that amaziah was come from the slaughter of the edomites , that he brought the gods of the children of seir , and set them up to be his gods , and bowed down himself before them , and burned incense to them .
i applied my heart to know wisdom , and to know madness and folly . i perceived that this also was a chasing after wind .
have n't you , god , rejected us ? you do n't go out with our armies , god .
micah said to him , whence come you ? he said to him , i am a levite of bethlehem judah , and i go to sojourn where i may find a place .
then stood up on the stairs of the levites , jeshua , and bani , kadmiel , shebaniah , bunni , sherebiah , bani , and chenani , and cried with a loud voice to yahweh their god .
these are the words of the covenant which yahweh commanded moses to make with the children of israel in the land of moab , besides the covenant which he made with them in horeb .
the winepress was trodden outside of the city , and blood came out from the winepress , even to the bridles of the horses , as far as one thousand six hundred stadia .
yahweh spoke to joshua , saying ,
they came to a place which was named gethsemane . he said to his disciples , sit here , while i pray .
the king made of the algum trees terraces for the house of yahweh , and for the king 's house , and harps and psalteries for the singers : and there were none such seen before in the land of judah .
then said zedekiah to jeremiah , let no man know of these words , and you shall not die .
oh , send out your light and your truth . let them lead me . let them bring me to your holy hill , to your tents .
he has shown his people the power of his works , in giving them the heritage of the nations .
in the third year of cyrus king of persia a thing was revealed to daniel , whose name was called belteshazzar ; and the thing was true , even a great warfare : and he understood the thing , and had understanding of the vision .
god will likewise destroy you forever . he will take you up , and pluck you out of your tent , and root you out of the land of the living . selah .
we made a raid on the south of the cherethites , and on that which belongs to judah , and on the south of caleb ; and we burned ziklag with fire .
do n't say , a conspiracy ! ' concerning all about which this people say , a conspiracy ! ' neither fear their threats , nor be terrorized .
who alone has immortality , dwelling in unapproachable light ; whom no man has seen , nor can see : to whom be honor and eternal power . amen .
for i will send pestilence into her , and blood into her streets ; and the wounded shall fall in the midst of her , with the sword on her on every side ; and they shall know that i am yahweh .
the haters of yahweh would cringe before him , and their punishment would last forever .
hear my voice , god , in my complaint . preserve my life from fear of the enemy .
when the voice came , jesus was found alone . they were silent , and told no one in those days any of the things which they had seen .
gave his offering : one silver platter , the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels , one silver bowl of seventy shekels , after the shekel of the sanctuary ; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering ;
who serve a copy and shadow of the heavenly things , even as moses was warned by god when he was about to make the tabernacle , for he said , see , you shall make everything according to the pattern that was shown to you on the mountain .
it will be , that every soul that will not listen to that prophet will be utterly destroyed from among the people . '
yahweh said to moses , i will do this thing also that you have spoken ; for you have found favor in my sight , and i know you by name .
he did n't allow him , but said to him , go to your house , to your friends , and tell them what great things the lord has done for you , and how he had mercy on you .
set up road signs , make guideposts ; set your heart toward the highway , even the way by which you went : turn again , virgin of israel , turn again to these your cities .
the merciful man does good to his own soul , but he who is cruel troubles his own flesh .
the men of his city , even the elders and the nobles who lived in his city , did as jezebel had sent to them , according as it was written in the letters which she had sent to them .
but if you had known what this means , i desire mercy , and not sacrifice , ' you would not have condemned the guiltless .
who has declared it from the beginning , that we may know ? and before , that we may say , he is right ? ' surely , there is no one who declares . surely , there is no one who shows . surely , there is no one who hears your words .
now when jesus was in bethany , in the house of simon the leper ,
while they still did n't believe for joy , and wondered , he said to them , do you have anything here to eat ?
ascribe to yahweh , you relatives of the peoples , ascribe to yahweh glory and strength ;
she said to them , thus says yahweh , the god of israel : tell you the man who sent you to me ,
he saw a certain poor widow casting in two small brass coins .
yahweh said to me , take for yourself yet again the equipment of a foolish shepherd .
he raises his hands against his friends . he has violated his covenant .
joshua sent men from jericho to ai , which is beside beth aven , on the east side of bethel , and spoke to them , saying , go up and spy out the land . the men went up and spied out ai .
when i tried to understand this , it was too painful for me ;
he said to them , this kind can come out by nothing , except by prayer and fasting .
against him came up nebuchadnezzar king of babylon , and bound him in fetters , to carry him to babylon .
in that day , says yahweh , i will assemble that which is lame , and i will gather that which is driven away , and that which i have afflicted ;
i know how to be humbled , and i know also how to abound . in everything and in all things i have learned the secret both to be filled and to be hungry , both to abound and to be in need .
i heard , and my body trembled . my lips quivered at the voice . rottenness enters into my bones , and i tremble in my place , because i must wait quietly for the day of trouble , for the coming up of the people who invade us .
it happened in those days , that jesus came from nazareth of galilee , and was baptized by john in the jordan .
the jailer , being roused out of sleep and seeing the prison doors open , drew his sword and was about to kill himself , supposing that the prisoners had escaped .
it happened in the eleventh year , in the first day of the month , that the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
behold , then i would wander far off . i would lodge in the wilderness . selah .
salvation from our enemies , and from the hand of all who hate us ;
so samuel brought all the tribes of israel near , and the tribe of benjamin was taken .
the enemy is overtaken by endless ruin . the very memory of the cities which you have overthrown has perished .
see you how ahab humbles himself before me ? because he humbles himself before me , i will not bring the evil in his days ; but in his son 's days will i bring the evil on his house .
how is sheshach taken ! and the praise of the whole earth seized ! how is babylon become a desolation among the nations !
in his right hand was the divination for jerusalem , to set battering rams , to open the mouth in the slaughter , to lift up the voice with shouting , to set battering rams against the gates , to cast up mounds , to build forts .
therefore martha said to jesus , lord , if you would have been here , my brother would n't have died .
the seventh angel sounded , and great voices in heaven followed , saying , the kingdom of the world has become the kingdom of our lord , and of his christ . he will reign forever and ever !
of the children of dan , their generations , by their families , by their fathers ' houses , according to the number of the names , from twenty years old and upward , all who were able to go forth to war ;
because of the ground which is cracked , because no rain has been in the land , the plowmen are disappointed , they cover their heads .
then you shall sound the loud trumpet on the tenth day of the seventh month . on the day of atonement you shall sound the trumpet throughout all your land .
it happened after a while , that the brook dried up , because there was no rain in the land .
yes , if you call out for discernment , and lift up your voice for understanding ;
they chose new gods ; then was war in the gates : was there a shield or spear seen among forty thousand in israel ?
yahweh said to gideon , by the three hundred men who lapped will i save you , and deliver the midianites into your hand ; and let all the people go every man to his place .
this continued for two years , so that all those who lived in asia heard the word of the lord jesus , both jews and greeks .
then eli answered , go in peace ; and the god of israel grant your petition that you have asked of him .
he looked this way and that way , and when he saw that there was no one , he killed the egyptian , and hid him in the sand .
for this cause , brothers , we were comforted over you in all our distress and affliction through your faith .
behold , a man from the crowd called out , saying , teacher , i beg you to look at my son , for he is my only child .
that the name of our lord jesus may be glorified in you , and you in him , according to the grace of our god and the lord jesus christ .
for in this mountain the hand of yahweh will rest . moab will be trodden down in his place , even like straw is trodden down in the water of the dunghill .
have n't i commanded you ? be strong and of good courage ; do n't be afraid , neither be dismayed : for yahweh your god is with you wherever you go .
then sang deborah and barak the son of abinoam on that day , saying ,
whoever touches anything that was under him shall be unclean until the evening . he who carries those things shall wash his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and be unclean until the evening .
whom not having known you love ; in whom , though now you do n't see him , yet believing , you rejoice greatly with joy unspeakable and full of glory
i will shoot three arrows on the side of it , as though i shot at a mark .
then the five men who went to spy out the country of laish answered , and said to their brothers , do you know that there is in these houses an ephod , and teraphim , and an engraved image , and a molten image ? now therefore consider what you have to do .
there is a grievous evil which i have seen under the sun : wealth kept by its owner to his harm .
out of his mouth go burning torches , sparks of fire leap forth .
he sent a man before them . joseph was sold for a slave .
do n't desire the night , when people are cut off in their place .
and say , thus says the lord yahweh : a great eagle with great wings and long feathers , full of feathers , which had various colors , came to lebanon , and took the top of the cedar :
adam was n't deceived , but the woman , being deceived , has fallen into disobedience ;
he said to them , is it well with him ? they said , it is well . see , rachel , his daughter , is coming with the sheep .
that day is a day of wrath , a day of distress and anguish , a day of trouble and ruin , a day of darkness and gloom , a day of clouds and blackness ,
go up into gilead , and take balm , virgin daughter of egypt : in vain do you use many medicines ; there is no healing for you .
the destroyer shall come on every city , and no city shall escape ; the valley also shall perish , and the plain shall be destroyed ; as yahweh has spoken .
it happened at the end of three years , that two of the servants of shimei ran away to achish , son of maacah , king of gath . they told shimei , saying , behold , your servants are in gath .
for neither from the east , nor from the west , nor yet from the south , comes exaltation .
david longed , and said , oh that one would give me water to drink of the well of bethlehem , which is by the gate !
when forty years were fulfilled , an angel of the lord appeared to him in the wilderness of mount sinai , in a flame of fire in a bush .
sixteen years old was he when he began to reign ; and he reigned fifty - two years in jerusalem : and his mother 's name was jecoliah of jerusalem .
but you shall offer an offering made by fire , a burnt offering to yahweh : two young bulls , and one ram , and seven male lambs a year old ; they shall be to you without blemish ;
do n't you know that your bodies are members of christ ? shall i then take the members of christ , and make them members of a prostitute ? may it never be !
then menahem struck tiphsah , and all who were therein , and the borders of it , from tirzah : because they did n't open to him , therefore he struck it ; and all the women therein who were with child he ripped up .
for where two or three are gathered together in my name , there i am in the midst of them .
therefore they called these days purim , after the name of pur . therefore because of all the words of this letter , and of that which they had seen concerning this matter , and that which had come to them ,
now in the fifth month , on the seventh day of the month , which was the nineteenth year of king nebuchadnezzar , king of babylon , came nebuzaradan the captain of the guard , a servant of the king of babylon , to jerusalem .
he took the twelve aside , and said to them , behold , we are going up to jerusalem , and all the things that are written through the prophets concerning the son of man will be completed .
david was afraid of yahweh that day ; and he said , how shall the ark of yahweh come to me ?
his bones are like tubes of brass . his limbs are like bars of iron .
it was so , when elisha the man of god heard that the king of israel had torn his clothes , that he sent to the king , saying , why have you torn your clothes ? let him come now to me , and he shall know that there is a prophet in israel .
he broke in pieces the pillars , and cut down the asherim , and filled their places with the bones of men .
the birds of the sky , the fish of the sea , and whatever passes through the paths of the seas .
from the days of john the baptizer until now , the kingdom of heaven suffers violence , and the violent take it by force .
he went to his father 's house at ophrah , and killed his brothers the sons of jerubbaal , being seventy persons , on one stone : but jotham the youngest son of jerubbaal was left ; for he hid himself .
the heart of the rash will understand knowledge , and the tongue of the stammerers will be ready to speak plainly .
to them it was revealed , that not to themselves , but to you , did they minister these things , which now have been announced to you through those who preached the good news to you by the holy spirit sent out from heaven ; which things angels desire to look into .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
i coveted no one 's silver , or gold , or clothing .
the glory of yahweh went up from the midst of the city , and stood on the mountain which is on the east side of the city .
the lips of the righteous feed many , but the foolish die for lack of understanding .
the women said to naomi , blessed be yahweh , who has not left you this day without a near kinsman ; and let his name be famous in israel .
their heart is as callous as the fat , but i delight in your law .
god will not withdraw his anger ; the helpers of rahab stoop under him .
as valleys are they spread forth , as gardens by the riverside , as aloes which yahweh has planted , as cedar trees beside the waters .
again he returned , and found them sleeping , for their eyes were very heavy , and they did n't know what to answer him .
the light shines in the darkness , and the darkness has n't overcome it .
this i say therefore , and testify in the lord , that you no longer walk as the rest of the gentiles also walk , in the futility of their mind ,
out of the tribe of dan , elteke with its suburbs , gibbethon with its suburbs ,
standing still , jesus commanded him to be brought to him . when he had come near , he asked him ,
for you say , where is the house of the prince ? where is the tent in which the wicked lived ? '
for as the churning of milk brings forth butter , and the wringing of the nose brings forth blood ; so the forcing of wrath brings forth strife .
one law shall be to him who is born at home , and to the stranger who lives as a foreigner among you .
moses said to yahweh , then the egyptians will hear it ; for you brought up this people in your might from among them ;
ishmael , his son , was thirteen years old when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin .
when they heard that he was alive , and had been seen by her , they disbelieved .
declare his glory among the nations , his marvelous works among all the peoples .
then uzziah was angry ; and he had a censer in his hand to burn incense ; and while he was angry with the priests , the leprosy broke forth in his forehead before the priests in the house of yahweh , beside the altar of incense .
tamar put ashes on her head , and tore her garment of various colors that was on her ; and she laid her hand on her head , and went her way , crying aloud as she went .
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
no hand shall touch him , but he shall surely be stoned or shot through ; whether it is animal or man , he shall not live . ' when the trumpet sounds long , they shall come up to the mountain .
in the twentieth year of jeroboam king of israel began asa to reign over judah .
he made him ride on the high places of the earth , he ate the increase of the field ; he made him to suck honey out of the rock , oil out of the flinty rock ;
the lord said to the servant , go out into the highways and hedges , and compel them to come in , that my house may be filled .
blessed are those who mourn , for they shall be comforted .
for the sake of the house of yahweh our god , i will seek your good .
for those who have served well as deacons gain to themselves a good standing , and great boldness in the faith which is in christ jesus .
they have ears , but they do n't hear ; they have noses , but they do n't smell ;
it happened , when they were come into samaria , that elisha said , yahweh , open the eyes of these men , that they may see . yahweh opened their eyes , and they saw ; and behold , they were in the midst of samaria .
but absalom fled . the young man who kept the watch lifted up his eyes , and looked , and behold , many people were coming by way of the hillside behind him .
behold , i have made you into a new sharp threshing instrument with teeth . you will thresh the mountains , and beat them small , and will make the hills like chaff .
there were four tables for the burnt offering , of hewn stone , a cubit and a half long , and a cubit and a half broad , and one cubit high ; whereupon they laid the instruments with which they killed the burnt offering and the sacrifice .
now if there was perfection through the levitical priesthood ( for under it the people have received the law ) , what further need was there for another priest to arise after the order of melchizedek , and not be called after the order of aaron ?
jesus sat down opposite the treasury , and saw how the multitude cast money into the treasury . many who were rich cast in much .
it will never be inhabited , neither will it be lived in from generation to generation . the arabian will not pitch a tent there , neither will shepherds make their flocks lie down there .
moreover you shall take no ransom for the life of a murderer who is guilty of death ; but he shall surely be put to death .
now i have prepared with all my might for the house of my god the gold for the things of gold , and the silver for the things of silver , and the brass for the things of brass , the iron for the things of iron , and wood for the things of wood ; onyx stones , and stones to be set , stones for inlaid work , and of various colors , and all manner of precious stones , and marble stones in abundance .
forty - two years old was ahaziah when he began to reign ; and he reigned one year in jerusalem : and his mother 's name was athaliah the daughter of omri .
to man he said , behold , the fear of the lord , that is wisdom . to depart from evil is understanding . '
he is conceited , knowing nothing , but obsessed with arguments , disputes , and word battles , from which come envy , strife , reviling , evil suspicions ,
he spoke of trees , from the cedar that is in lebanon even to the hyssop that springs out of the wall ; he spoke also of animals , and of birds , and of creeping things , and of fish .
the heart of one who has understanding seeks knowledge , but the mouths of fools feed on folly .
she gave the king one hundred twenty talents of gold , and of spices very great store , and precious stones : there came no more such abundance of spices as these which the queen of sheba gave to king solomon .
if your brother has grown poor among you , and sells himself to you ; you shall not make him to serve as a slave .
do n't take any gold , nor silver , nor brass in your money belts .
yahweh 's works are great , pondered by all those who delight in them .
as also you acknowledged us in part , that we are your boasting , even as you also are ours , in the day of our lord jesus .
now when joab saw that the battle was set against him before and behind , he chose of all the choice men of israel , and put them in array against the syrians .
all the people of the surrounding country of the gadarenes asked him to depart from them , for they were very much afraid . he entered into the boat , and returned .
also i spoke to the priests and to all this people , saying , thus says yahweh : do n't listen to the words of your prophets who prophesy to you , saying , behold , the vessels of yahweh 's house shall now shortly be brought again from babylon ; for they prophesy a lie to you .
i , yahweh , have called you in righteousness , and will hold your hand , and will keep you , and make you a covenant for the people , as a light for the nations ;
now i tell you , withdraw from these men , and leave them alone . for if this counsel or this work is of men , it will be overthrown .
take away the wicked from the king 's presence , and his throne will be established in righteousness .
you shall fear yahweh your god ; him shall you serve ; and to him shall you cleave , and by his name shall you swear .
because i feared the great multitude , and the contempt of families terrified me , so that i kept silence , and did n't go out of the door
and set forth customs which it is not lawful for us to accept or to observe , being romans .
it happened on the next day , when the philistines came to strip the slain , that they found saul and his three sons fallen on mount gilboa .
he is clothed in a garment sprinkled with blood . his name is called the word of god .
in the same hour came forth the fingers of a man 's hand , and wrote over against the lampstand on the plaster of the wall of the king 's palace : and the king saw the part of the hand that wrote .
you shall remember that you were a bondservant in the land of egypt : therefore i command you to do this thing .
and all these blessings shall come on you , and overtake you , if you shall listen to the voice of yahweh your god .
and to know christ 's love which surpasses knowledge , that you may be filled with all the fullness of god .
so that there was the face of a man toward the palm tree on the one side , and the face of a young lion toward the palm tree on the other side . thus was it made through all the house round about :
if your people go out to battle against their enemies , by whatever way you shall send them , and they pray to you toward this city which you have chosen , and the house which i have built for your name ;
the jews therefore sought him at the feast , and said , where is he ?
regard the patience of our lord as salvation ; even as our beloved brother paul also , according to the wisdom given to him , wrote to you ;
after this manner he made the ten bases : all of them had one casting , one measure , and one form .
yahweh will be king over all the earth . in that day yahweh will be one , and his name one .
now he is not the god of the dead , but of the living , for all are alive to him .
leah conceived , and bore a son , and she named him reuben . for she said , because yahweh has looked at my affliction . for now my husband will love me .
and that most of the brothers in the lord , being confident through my bonds , are more abundantly bold to speak the word of god without fear .
for they intended evil against you . they plotted evil against you which can not succeed .
a man 's gift makes room for him , and brings him before great men .
i will offer to you the sacrifice of thanksgiving , and will call on the name of yahweh .
withstand him steadfast in your faith , knowing that your brothers who are in the world are undergoing the same sufferings .
so all the elders of israel came to the king to hebron ; and david made a covenant with them in hebron before yahweh ; and they anointed david king over israel , according to the word of yahweh by samuel .
when you saw that nahash the king of the children of ammon came against you , you said to me , no , but a king shall reign over us ; when yahweh your god was your king .
but truly i tell you , there were many widows in israel in the days of elijah , when the sky was shut up three years and six months , when a great famine came over all the land .
joseph brought in jacob , his father , and set him before pharaoh , and jacob blessed pharaoh .
i will bless those who bless you , and i will curse him who curses you . in you will all of the families of the earth be blessed .
when you eat , and when you drink , do n't you eat for yourselves , and drink for yourselves ?
because your heart was tender , and you did humble yourself before god , when you heard his words against this place , and against the inhabitants of it , and have humbled yourself before me , and have torn your clothes , and wept before me ; i also have heard you , says yahweh .
therefore you testify to yourselves that you are children of those who killed the prophets .
you also put my feet in the stocks , and mark all my paths . you set a bound to the soles of my feet :
when they had come in , they went up into the upper room , where they were staying ; that is peter , john , james , andrew , philip , thomas , bartholomew , matthew , james the son of alphaeus , simon the zealot , and judas the son of james .
i will also praise you with the harp for your faithfulness , my god . i sing praises to you with the lyre , holy one of israel .
they insulted him and said , you are his disciple , but we are disciples of moses .
she said , give me a blessing ; for that you have set me in the land of the south , give me also springs of water . he gave her the upper springs and the lower springs .
then sarah denied , saying , i did n't laugh , for she was afraid . he said , no , but you did laugh .
benjamin returned at that time ; and they gave them the women whom they had saved alive of the women of jabesh gilead : and yet so they were n't enough for them .
i therefore , the prisoner in the lord , beg you to walk worthily of the calling with which you were called ,
jehoshaphat his son reigned in his place , and strengthened himself against israel .
and every spirit who does n't confess that jesus christ has come in the flesh is not of god , and this is the spirit of the antichrist , of whom you have heard that it comes . now it is in the world already .
he touched her hand , and the fever left her . she got up and served him .
one of his heads looked like it had been wounded fatally . his fatal wound was healed , and the whole earth marveled at the beast .
furthermore he made the court of the priests , and the great court , and doors for the court , and overlaid the doors of them with brass .
the flood was forty days on the earth . the waters increased , and lifted up the ark , and it was lifted up above the earth .
if you seek her as silver , and search for her as for hidden treasures :
then the elders of his city shall call him , and speak to him : and if he stand , and say , i do n't want to take her ;
now it happened , when all the people were baptized , jesus also had been baptized , and was praying . the sky was opened ,
and ain with its suburbs , and juttah with its suburbs , and beth shemesh with its suburbs ; nine cities out of those two tribes .
there were also others , two criminals , led with him to be put to death .
one who plots to do evil will be called a schemer .
then laban and bethuel answered , the thing proceeds from yahweh . we ca n't speak to you bad or good .
i have been crucified with christ , and it is no longer i that live , but christ living in me . that life which i now live in the flesh , i live by faith in the son of god , who loved me , and gave himself up for me .
( now the congregation 's half was three hundred thirty - seven thousand five hundred sheep ,
joash king of israel took amaziah king of judah , the son of joash the son of jehoahaz , at beth shemesh , and brought him to jerusalem , and broke down the wall of jerusalem from the gate of ephraim to the corner gate , four hundred cubits .
has n't the scripture said that the christ comes of the seed of david , and from bethlehem , the village where david was ?
as the nations that yahweh makes to perish before you , so shall you perish ; because you would n't listen to the voice of yahweh your god .
rejoice in the lord always ! again i will say , rejoice !
for there is hope for a tree , if it is cut down , that it will sprout again , that the tender branch of it will not cease .
he saved others , but he ca n't save himself . if he is the king of israel , let him come down from the cross now , and we will believe in him .
every bed whereon he who has the discharge lies shall be unclean ; and everything he sits on shall be unclean .
it happened , at the return of the year , at the time when kings go out to battle , that david sent joab , and his servants with him , and all israel ; and they destroyed the children of ammon , and besieged rabbah . but david stayed at jerusalem .
then hezekiah turned his face to the wall and prayed to yahweh ,
yes , i beg you that i may not , when present , show courage with the confidence with which i intend to be bold against some , who consider us to be walking according to the flesh .
we roar all like bears , and moan sore like doves : we look for justice , but there is none ; for salvation , but it is far off from us .
grace , mercy , and peace will be with us , from god the father , and from the lord jesus christ , the son of the father , in truth and love .
i adjure you , daughters of jerusalem , by the roes , or by the hinds of the field , that you not stir up , nor awaken love , until it so desires .
they have emptied out the money that was found in the house of yahweh , and have delivered it into the hand of the overseers , and into the hand of the workmen .
he went out about the third hour , and saw others standing idle in the marketplace .
for the king had ships that went to tarshish with the servants of huram ; once every three years came the ships of tarshish , bringing gold , and silver , ivory , and apes , and peacocks .
it happened after the death of joshua , the children of israel asked of yahweh , saying , who shall go up for us first against the canaanites , to fight against them ?
at lystra a certain man sat , impotent in his feet , a cripple from his mother 's womb , who never had walked .
he broke down the tower of penuel , and killed the men of the city .
i would declare to him the number of my steps . as a prince would i go near to him .
for they vex you with their wiles , with which they have deceived you in the matter of peor , and in the matter of cozbi , the daughter of the prince of midian , their sister , who was slain on the day of the plague in the matter of peor .
to these he also showed himself alive after he suffered , by many proofs , appearing to them over a period of forty days , and speaking about god 's kingdom .
if the ear would say , because i 'm not the eye , i 'm not part of the body , it 's not therefore not part of the body .
then jesus came and took the bread , gave it to them , and the fish likewise .
joram said , make ready . they made ready his chariot . joram king of israel and ahaziah king of judah went out , each in his chariot , and they went out to meet jehu , and found him in the portion of naboth the jezreelite .
they cast out many demons , and anointed many with oil who were sick , and healed them .
accounting the reproach of christ greater riches than the treasures of egypt ; for he looked to the reward .
for i determined not to know anything among you , except jesus christ , and him crucified .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
can your heart endure , or can your hands be strong , in the days that i shall deal with you ? i , yahweh , have spoken it , and will do it .
and he had two wives ; the name of the one was hannah , and the name of other peninnah : and peninnah had children , but hannah had no children .
they commanded the children of benjamin , saying , go and lie in wait in the vineyards ,
while he yet spoke , behold , jonathan the son of abiathar the priest came : and adonijah said , come in ; for you are a worthy man , and bring good news .
day by day , continuing steadfastly with one accord in the temple , and breaking bread at home , they took their food with gladness and singleness of heart ,
they answered him , our father is abraham . jesus said to them , if you were abraham 's children , you would do the works of abraham .
again i tell you , it is easier for a camel to go through a needle 's eye , than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of god .
when you offer an offering of a meal offering baked in the oven , it shall be unleavened cakes of fine flour mixed with oil , or unleavened wafers anointed with oil .
he sent young men of the children of israel , who offered burnt offerings and sacrificed peace offerings of oxen to yahweh .
the cows took the straight way by the way to beth shemesh ; they went along the highway , lowing as they went , and did n't turn aside to the right hand or to the left ; and the lords of the philistines went after them to the border of beth shemesh .
now it happened , when adoni - zedek king of jerusalem heard how joshua had taken ai , and had utterly destroyed it ; as he had done to jericho and her king , so he had done to ai and her king ; and how the inhabitants of gibeon had made peace with israel , and were among them ;
the land of egypt is before you . make your father and your brothers dwell in the best of the land . let them dwell in the land of goshen . if you know any able men among them , then put them in charge of my livestock .
remember them , my god , because they have defiled the priesthood , and the covenant of the priesthood , and of the levites .
you will be hated by all men for my name 's sake .
i will put a division between my people and your people : by tomorrow shall this sign be . '
keep your tongue from evil , and your lips from speaking lies .
they indeed of the sons of levi who receive the priest 's office have a commandment to take tithes of the people according to the law , that is , of their brothers , though these have come out of the body of abraham ,
judah became his sanctuary , israel his dominion .
he saw two boats standing by the lake , but the fishermen had gone out of them , and were washing their nets .
into whatever city or village you enter , find out who in it is worthy ; and stay there until you go on .
yet have respect for the prayer of your servant , and for his supplication , yahweh my god , to listen to the cry and to the prayer which your servant prays before you this day ;
ascribe to yahweh , you sons of the mighty , ascribe to yahweh glory and strength .
you have bought me no sweet cane with money , neither have you filled me with the fat of your sacrifices ; but you have burdened me with your sins , you have wearied me with your iniquities .
judas the son of james ; and judas iscariot , who also became a traitor .
from thirty years old and upward until fifty years old shall you number them ; all who enter in to wait on the service , to do the work in the tent of meeting .
but i will settle him in my house and in my kingdom forever ; and his throne shall be established forever .
and it happened , as he sowed , some seed fell by the road , and the birds came and devoured it .
yahweh said to joshua , do n't fear them : for i have delivered them into your hands ; there shall not a man of them stand before you .
all sheep and oxen , yes , and the animals of the field ,
therefore , son of man , prophesy , and tell gog , thus says the lord yahweh : in that day when my people israel dwells securely , shall you not know it ?
solomon ruled over all the kingdoms from the river to the land of the philistines , and to the border of egypt : they brought tribute , and served solomon all the days of his life .
faithful are the wounds of a friend ; although the kisses of an enemy are profuse .
the idols shall utterly pass away .
he asked the scribes , what are you asking them ?
do n't forsake me , yahweh . my god , do n't be far from me .
but jesus answered them , you are mistaken , not knowing the scriptures , nor the power of god .
thus says the lord yahweh : in the first month , in the first day of the month , you shall take a young bull without blemish ; and you shall cleanse the sanctuary .
then zedekiah the king commanded , and they committed jeremiah into the court of the guard ; and they gave him daily a loaf of bread out of the bakers ' street , until all the bread in the city was spent . thus jeremiah remained in the court of the guard .
he said to his people , behold , the people of the children of israel are more and mightier than we .
it happened as they emptied their sacks , that behold , every man 's bundle of money was in his sack . when they and their father saw their bundles of money , they were afraid .
for this service of giving that you perform not only makes up for lack among the saints , but abounds also through many givings of thanks to god ;
into whatever house you enter , stay there , and depart from there .
we are of god . he who knows god listens to us . he who is not of god does n't listen to us . by this we know the spirit of truth , and the spirit of error .
and might deliver all of them who through fear of death were all their lifetime subject to bondage .
he will judge the poor of the people . he will save the children of the needy , and will break the oppressor in pieces .
also pull out some for her from the bundles , and leave it , and let her glean , and do n't rebuke her .
for you , yahweh of armies , the god of israel , have revealed to your servant , saying , i will build you a house : therefore has your servant found in his heart to pray this prayer to you .
thus shall you say to them , the gods that have not made the heavens and the earth , these shall perish from the earth , and from under the heavens .
he himself was in the stern , asleep on the cushion , and they woke him up , and told him , teacher , do n't you care that we are dying ?
the children struggled together within her . she said , if it be so , why do i live ? she went to inquire of yahweh .
the elders of jabesh said to him , give us seven days ' respite , that we may send messengers to all the borders of israel ; and then , if there be none to save us , we will come out to you .
instructing us to the intent that , denying ungodliness and worldly lusts , we would live soberly , righteously , and godly in this present world ;
it is not the great who are wise , nor the aged who understand justice .
what agreement has a temple of god with idols ? for you are a temple of the living god . even as god said , i will dwell in them , and walk in them ; and i will be their god , and they will be my people .
they spend their days in prosperity . in an instant they go down to sheol .
not for these only do i pray , but for those also who believe in me through their word ,
do n't lie to one another , seeing that you have put off the old man with his doings ,
but jesus , knowing this , said to them , why do you trouble the woman ? because she has done a good work for me .
the wing of the other cherub was five cubits , reaching to the wall of the house ; and the other wing was five cubits also , joining to the wing of the other cherub .
and in nothing frightened by the adversaries , which is for them a proof of destruction , but to you of salvation , and that from god .
i said , my strength is perished , and my expectation from yahweh .
david said to him , to whom belong you ? and whence are you ? he said , i am a young man of egypt , servant to an amalekite ; and my master left me , because three days ago i fell sick .
the levites shall answer , and tell all the men of israel with a loud voice ,
rehoboam lived in jerusalem , and built cities for defense in judah .
reuben answered them , saying , did n't i tell you , saying , do n't sin against the child , ' and you would n't listen ? therefore also , behold , his blood is required .
when joseph 's brothers saw that their father was dead , they said , it may be that joseph will hate us , and will fully pay us back for all of the evil which we did to him .
neither shall men break bread for them in mourning , to comfort them for the dead ; neither shall men give them the cup of consolation to drink for their father or for their mother .
behold , a certain man who had dropsy was in front of him .
he stood and cried to the armies of israel , and said to them , why are you come out to set your battle in array ? am i not a philistine , and you servants to saul ? choose you a man for you , and let him come down to me .
yes , if a man lives many years , let him rejoice in them all ; but let him remember the days of darkness , for they shall be many . all that comes is vanity .
son of man , what is this proverb that you have in the land of israel , saying , the days are prolonged , and every vision fails ?
i will lay it a wasteland . it wo n't be pruned nor hoed , but it will grow briers and thorns . i will also command the clouds that they rain no rain on it .
which he made to abound toward us in all wisdom and prudence ,
aaron was one hundred twenty - three years old when he died in mount hor .
god said , let there be lights in the expanse of sky to divide the day from the night ; and let them be for signs , and for seasons , and for days and years ;
if a man have two wives , the one beloved , and the other hated , and they have borne him children , both the beloved and the hated ; and if the firstborn son be hers who was hated ;
the singers the sons of asaph were in their place , according to the commandment of david , and asaph , and heman , and jeduthun the king 's seer ; and the porters were at every gate : they did n't need to depart from their service ; for their brothers the levites prepared for them .
david said to his men , gird you on every man his sword . they girded on every man his sword ; and david also girded on his sword : and there went up after david about four hundred men ; and two hundred abode by the baggage .
when they go , i will spread my net on them . i will bring them down like the birds of the sky . i will chastise them , as their congregation has heard .
but zerubbabel , and jeshua , and the rest of the heads of fathers ' houses of israel , said to them , you have nothing to do with us in building a house to our god ; but we ourselves together will build to yahweh , the god of israel , as king cyrus the king of persia has commanded us .
moreover the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
you shall wash your clothes on the seventh day , and you shall be clean ; and afterward you shall come into the camp .
but jehoiada the priest took a chest , and bored a hole in the lid of it , and set it beside the altar , on the right side as one comes into the house of yahweh : and the priests who kept the threshold put therein all the money that was brought into the house of yahweh .
my face is red with weeping . deep darkness is on my eyelids .
the priest shall offer the sin offering , and make atonement for him who is to be cleansed because of his uncleanness : and afterward he shall kill the burnt offering ;
my father , who has given them to me , is greater than all . no one is able to snatch them out of my father 's hand .
so they set them up micah 's engraved image which he made , all the time that the house of god was in shiloh .
when the child was grown , it fell on a day , that he went out to his father to the reapers .
jerusalem , jerusalem , that kills the prophets , and stones those who are sent to her ! how often i wanted to gather your children together , like a hen gathers her own brood under her wings , and you refused !
there came to him sadducees , who say that there is no resurrection . they asked him , saying ,
yahweh said to moses , take all the chiefs of the people , and hang them up to yahweh before the sun , that the fierce anger of yahweh may turn away from israel .
but they mocked the messengers of god , and despised his words , and scoffed at his prophets , until the wrath of yahweh arose against his people , until there was no remedy .
even those who were numbered of them , by their families , by their fathers ' houses , were two thousand six hundred thirty .
he said to him , which ones ? jesus said , you shall not murder . ' you shall not commit adultery . ' you shall not steal . ' you shall not offer false testimony . '
jesus answered them , did n't i choose you , the twelve , and one of you is a devil ?
for one will hardly die for a righteous man . yet perhaps for a righteous person someone would even dare to die .
i will open my mouth in a parable . i will utter dark sayings of old ,
take your father and your households , and come to me , and i will give you the good of the land of egypt , and you will eat the fat of the land . '
they struck the men who were at the door of the house with blindness , both small and great , so that they wearied themselves to find the door .
jacob said to him , my lord knows that the children are tender , and that the flocks and herds with me have their young , and if they overdrive them one day , all the flocks will die .
and your strength will be spent in vain ; for your land wo n't yield its increase , neither will the trees of the land yield their fruit .
rejoice you with jerusalem , and be glad for her , all you who love her : rejoice for joy with her , all you who mourn over her ;
the elders of the congregation shall lay their hands on the head of the bull before yahweh ; and the bull shall be killed before yahweh .
all nations shall call you blessed , for you will be a delightful land , says yahweh of armies .
in his days nebuchadnezzar king of babylon came up , and jehoiakim became his servant three years : then he turned and rebelled against him .
moreover of the children of the strangers who sojourn among you , of them you may buy , and of their families who are with you , which they have conceived in your land ; and they will be your property .
he charged us to preach to the people and to testify that this is he who is appointed by god as the judge of the living and the dead .
all the house of joseph , his brothers , and his father 's house . only their little ones , their flocks , and their herds , they left in the land of goshen .
you have not known him , but i know him . if i said , i do n't know him , ' i would be like you , a liar . but i know him , and keep his word .
and the lord make you to increase and abound in love one toward another , and toward all men , even as we also do toward you ,
after the uproar had ceased , paul sent for the disciples , took leave of them , and departed to go into macedonia .
jehoshaphat slept with his fathers , and was buried with his fathers in the city of david : and jehoram his son reigned in his place .
the anger of yahweh was kindled against israel , and he sold them into the hand of the philistines , and into the hand of the children of ammon .
for an unloved woman when she is married ; and a handmaid who is heir to her mistress .
they kill the widow and the alien , and murder the fatherless .
joab the son of zeruiah , and the servants of david , went out , and met them by the pool of gibeon ; and they sat down , the one on the one side of the pool , and the other on the other side of the pool .
some pour out gold from the bag , and weigh silver in the balance . they hire a goldsmith , and he makes it a god . they fall downyes , they worship .
he causes all , the small and the great , the rich and the poor , and the free and the slave , to be given marks on their right hands , or on their foreheads ;
in the meanwhile , the disciples urged him , saying , rabbi , eat .
and strip aaron of his garments , and put them on eleazar his son : and aaron shall be gathered to his people , and shall die there .
a voice came to him again the second time , what god has cleansed , you must not call unclean .
for my sighing comes before i eat , my groanings are poured out like water .
and cast him into the abyss , and shut it , and sealed it over him , that he should deceive the nations no more , until the thousand years were finished . after this , he must be freed for a short time .
tear your heart , and not your garments , and turn to yahweh , your god ; for he is gracious and merciful , slow to anger , and abundant in loving kindness , and relents from sending calamity .
i have trodden the winepress alone ; and of the peoples there was no man with me : yes , i trod them in my anger , and trampled them in my wrath ; and their lifeblood is sprinkled on my garments , and i have stained all my clothing .
be diligent to come to me soon ,
but he shall acknowledge the firstborn , the son of the hated , by giving him a double portion of all that he has ; for he is the beginning of his strength ; the right of the firstborn is his .
you shall not lie with any animal to defile yourself with it ; neither shall any woman give herself to an animal , to lie down with it : it is a perversion .
nor height , nor depth , nor any other created thing , will be able to separate us from the love of god , which is in christ jesus our lord .
better is the end of a thing than its beginning . the patient in spirit is better than the proud in spirit .
balak did as balaam had spoken ; and balak and balaam offered on every altar a bull and a ram .
the children of israel again did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh : and yahweh strengthened eglon the king of moab against israel , because they had done that which was evil in the sight of yahweh .
the tent , its outer covering , its roof , its clasps , its boards , its bars , its pillars , and its sockets ;
then he came , and he took it out of the right hand of him who sat on the throne .
saying , prophesy to us , you christ ! who hit you ?
yahweh said to moses , yet one plague more will i bring on pharaoh , and on egypt ; afterwards he will let you go . when he lets you go , he will surely thrust you out altogether .
i took your sin , the calf which you had made , and burnt it with fire , and stamped it , grinding it very small , until it was as fine as dust : and i cast the dust of it into the brook that descended out of the mountain .
make me savory food , such as i love , and bring it to me , that i may eat , and that my soul may bless you before i die .
my son , give me your heart ; and let your eyes keep in my ways .
do n't speak against one another , brothers . he who speaks against a brother and judges his brother , speaks against the law and judges the law . but if you judge the law , you are not a doer of the law , but a judge .
they began to accuse him , saying , we found this man perverting the nation , forbidding paying taxes to caesar , and saying that he himself is christ , a king .
forty - one years reigned he in jerusalem : and his mother 's name was maacah the daughter of abishalom .
the words of jeremiah the son of hilkiah , of the priests who were in anathoth in the land of benjamin :
now david fled , and escaped , and came to samuel to ramah , and told him all that saul had done to him . he and samuel went and lived in naioth .
a man of many companions may be ruined , but there is a friend who sticks closer than a brother .
have the workers of iniquity no knowledge , who eat up my people as they eat bread , and do n't call on god ?
david sent messengers to the men of jabesh gilead , and said to them , blessed be you of yahweh , that you have shown this kindness to your lord , even to saul , and have buried him .
he blessed him , and said , blessed be abram of god most high , possessor of heaven and earth :
having eyes full of adultery , and who ca n't cease from sin ; enticing unsettled souls ; having a heart trained in greed ; children of cursing ;
we know and have believed the love which god has for us . god is love , and he who remains in love remains in god , and god remains in him .
that it might take hold of the ends of the earth , and shake the wicked out of it ?
when he rose up from his prayer , he came to the disciples , and found them sleeping because of grief ,
the watchman said , i think the running of the foremost is like the running of ahimaaz the son of zadok . the king said , he is a good man , and comes with good news .
behold , the acts of asa , first and last , behold , they are written in the book of the kings of judah and israel .
wo n't i in that day , says yahweh , destroy the wise men out of edom , and understanding out of the mountain of esau ?
in the day of my trouble i sought the lord . my hand was stretched out in the night , and did n't get tired . my soul refused to be comforted .
yahweh rewarded me according to my righteousness ; according to the cleanness of my hands has he recompensed me .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
then joshua called the reubenites , and the gadites , and the half - tribe of manasseh ,
he said to the levites who taught all israel , who were holy to yahweh , put the holy ark in the house which solomon the son of david king of israel did build ; there shall no more be a burden on your shoulders : now serve yahweh your god , and his people israel .
they all as one began to make excuses . the first said to him , i have bought a field , and i must go and see it . please have me excused . '
i will stretch out my hand against judah , and against all the inhabitants of jerusalem . i will cut off the remnant of baal from this place : the name of the idolatrous and pagan priests ,
then shall your light break forth as the morning , and your healing shall spring forth speedily ; and your righteousness shall go before you ; the glory of yahweh shall be your rear guard .
your children shall be wanderers in the wilderness forty years , and shall bear your prostitution , until your dead bodies be consumed in the wilderness .
while i am in the world , i am the light of the world .
his ways are prosperous at all times ; he is haughty , and your laws are far from his sight : as for all his adversaries , he sneers at them .
not that we are sufficient of ourselves , to account anything as from ourselves ; but our sufficiency is from god ;
the six hundred men girt with their weapons of war , who were of the children of dan , stood by the entrance of the gate .
they ought to have been here before you , and to make accusation , if they had anything against me .
for the children of israel and the children of levi shall bring the wave offering of the grain , of the new wine , and of the oil , to the chambers , where are the vessels of the sanctuary , and the priests who minister , and the porters , and the singers : and we will not forsake the house of our god .
the five men who went to spy out the land went up , and came in there , and took the engraved image , and the ephod , and the teraphim , and the molten image : and the priest stood by the entrance of the gate with the six hundred men girt with weapons of war .
am i a god at hand , says yahweh , and not a god afar off ?
josiah was eight years old when he began to reign ; and he reigned thirty - one years in jerusalem .
your lips , my bride , drip like the honeycomb . honey and milk are under your tongue . the smell of your garments is like the smell of lebanon .
it will happen at the harvests , that you shall give a fifth to pharaoh , and four parts will be your own , for seed of the field , for your food , for them of your households , and for food for your little ones .
there was a certain jew in shushan the palace , whose name was mordecai , the son of jair , the son of shimei , the son of kish , a benjamite ,
a sword shall come on egypt , and anguish shall be in ethiopia , when the slain shall fall in egypt ; and they shall take away her multitude , and her foundations shall be broken down .
pour out your wrath on the nations that do n't know you ; on the kingdoms that do n't call on your name ;
king solomon raised a levy out of all israel ; and the levy was thirty thousand men .
do n't receive an accusation against an elder , except at the word of two or three witnesses .
the deep says , it is n't in me . ' the sea says , it is n't with me . '
the fish that are in the river shall die , and the river shall become foul ; and the egyptians shall loathe to drink water from the river . '
the lord announced the word . the ones who proclaim it are a great company .
aaron shall lay both his hands on the head of the live goat , and confess over him all the iniquities of the children of israel , and all their transgressions , even all their sins ; and he shall put them on the head of the goat , and shall send him away into the wilderness by the hand of a man who is in readiness .
isaac came from the way of beer lahai roi , for he lived in the land of the south .
the priest 's heart was glad , and he took the ephod , and the teraphim , and the engraved image , and went in the midst of the people .
the thin heads of grain swallowed up the seven healthy and full ears . pharaoh awoke , and behold , it was a dream .
but thomas , one of the twelve , called didymus , was n't with them when jesus came .
until the time that his word happened , and yahweh 's word proved him true .
ezra the priest stood up , and said to them , you have trespassed , and have married foreign women , to increase the guilt of israel .
but israel , following after a law of righteousness , did n't arrive at the law of righteousness .
the keeper of the prison did n't look after anything that was under his hand , because yahweh was with him ; and that which he did , yahweh made it prosper .
brothers , i may tell you freely of the patriarch david , that he both died and was buried , and his tomb is with us to this day .
six days shall work be done , but on the seventh day is a sabbath of solemn rest , holy to yahweh . whoever does any work on the sabbath day shall surely be put to death .
he shall kill the lamb of the trespass offering . the priest shall take some of the blood of the trespass offering and put it on the tip of the right ear of him who is to be cleansed , and on the thumb of his right hand , and on the big toe of his right foot .
i , jesus , have sent my angel to testify these things to you for the assemblies . i am the root and the offspring of david ; the bright and morning star .
everyone therefore who confesses me before men , him i will also confess before my father who is in heaven .
but jehoshaphat said , is n't there here a prophet of yahweh , that we may inquire of yahweh by him ? one of the king of israel 's servants answered , elisha the son of shaphat is here , who poured water on the hands of elijah .
when abner was returned to hebron , joab took him aside into the midst of the gate to speak with him quietly , and struck him there in the body , so that he died , for the blood of asahel his brother .
be strong and of good courage ; for you shall cause this people to inherit the land which i swore to their fathers to give them .
yet it pleased yahweh to bruise him ; he has put him to grief : when you shall make his soul an offering for sin , he shall see his seed , he shall prolong his days , and the pleasure of yahweh shall prosper in his hand .
moses took the rod from before yahweh , as he commanded him .
she laid up his garment by her , until his master came home .
his lord said to him , well done , good and faithful servant . you have been faithful over a few things , i will set you over many things . enter into the joy of your lord . '
they asked baruch , saying , tell us now , how did you write all these words at his mouth ?
they sent a letter to him , in which was written thus : to darius the king , all peace .
the wind blows where it wants to , and you hear its sound , but do n't know where it comes from and where it is going . so is everyone who is born of the spirit .
he went on his journeys from the south even to bethel , to the place where his tent had been at the beginning , between bethel and ai ,
but have lifted up yourself against the lord of heaven ; and they have brought the vessels of his house before you , and you and your lords , your wives and your concubines , have drunk wine from them ; and you have praised the gods of silver and gold , of brass , iron , wood , and stone , which do n't see , nor hear , nor know ; and the god in whose hand your breath is , and whose are all your ways , you have not glorified .
therefore hear now this , you afflicted , and drunken , but now with wine :
from now on , let no one cause me any trouble , for i bear the marks of the lord jesus branded on my body .
if you shall keep all this commandment to do it , which i command you this day , to love yahweh your god , and to walk ever in his ways ; then shall you add three cities more for you , besides these three :
then achish gave him ziklag that day : why ziklag pertains to the kings of judah to this day .
the kings of the earth , the princes , the commanding officers , the rich , the strong , and every slave and free person , hid themselves in the caves and in the rocks of the mountains .
my eye shall not spare you , neither will i have pity ; but i will bring your ways on you , and your abominations shall be in the midst of you : and you shall know that i am yahweh .
then his sister said to pharaoh 's daughter , should i go and call a nurse for you from the hebrew women , that she may nurse the child for you ?
then i looked , and see , in the expanse that was over the head of the cherubim there appeared above them as it were a sapphire stone , as the appearance of the likeness of a throne .
let them vanish as water that flows away . when they draw the bow , let their arrows be made blunt .
my heart was hot within me . while i meditated , the fire burned : i spoke with my tongue :
when they had appointed elders for them in every assembly , and had prayed with fasting , they commended them to the lord , on whom they had believed .
not everyone who says to me , lord , lord , ' will enter into the kingdom of heaven ; but he who does the will of my father who is in heaven .
thus said yahweh to me : go , and stand in the gate of the children of the people , through which the kings of judah come in , and by which they go out , and in all the gates of jerusalem ;
there is silver beaten into plates , which is brought from tarshish , and gold from uphaz , the work of the artificer and of the hands of the goldsmith ; blue and purple for their clothing ; they are all the work of skillful men .
this is the message which we have heard from him and announce to you , that god is light , and in him is no darkness at all .
turn your ear , and listen to the words of the wise . apply your heart to my teaching .
let them be desolate by reason of their shame that tell me , aha ! aha !
yes , and all who desire to live godly in christ jesus will suffer persecution .
david took from him one thousand seven hundred horsemen , and twenty thousand footmen : and david hamstrung all the chariot horses , but reserved of them for one hundred chariots .
the children of israel spoke to moses , saying , behold , we perish , we are undone , we are all undone .
the word which came to jeremiah from yahweh , when king zedekiah sent to him pashhur the son of malchijah , and zephaniah the son of maaseiah , the priest , saying ,
after this it happened , that david struck the philistines , and subdued them , and took gath and its towns out of the hand of the philistines .
now he said this , not because he cared for the poor , but because he was a thief , and having the money box , used to steal what was put into it .
the men of israel and of judah arose , and shouted , and pursued the philistines , until you come to gai , and to the gates of ekron . the wounded of the philistines fell down by the way to shaaraim , even to gath , and to ekron .
who also sealed us , and gave us the down payment of the spirit in our hearts .
ezra the scribe stood on a pulpit of wood , which they had made for the purpose ; and beside him stood mattithiah , and shema , and anaiah , and uriah , and hilkiah , and maaseiah , on his right hand ; and on his left hand , pedaiah , and mishael , and malchijah , and hashum , and hashbaddanah , zechariah , and meshullam .
in a dream , in a vision of the night , when deep sleep falls on men , in slumbering on the bed ;
one golden ladle of ten shekels , full of incense ;
above all , taking up the shield of faith , with which you will be able to quench all the fiery darts of the evil one .
what i tell you in the darkness , speak in the light ; and what you hear whispered in the ear , proclaim on the housetops .
my lips shall shout for joy ! my soul , which you have redeemed , sings praises to you !
bearing with one another , and forgiving each other , if any man has a complaint against any ; even as christ forgave you , so you also do .
the mirth of tambourines ceases . the sound of those who rejoice ends . the joy of the harp ceases .
i will make your pinnacles of rubies , and your gates of emeralds , and all your border of precious stones .
also for the sons of aaron the priests , who were in the fields of the suburbs of their cities , in every city , there were men who were mentioned by name , to give portions to all the males among the priests , and to all who were reckoned by genealogy among the levites .
and that you make it your ambition to lead a quiet life , and to do your own business , and to work with your own hands , even as we charged you ;
on the day of our king , the princes made themselves sick with the heat of wine . he joined his hand with mockers .
they go from strength to strength . everyone of them appears before god in zion .
the bloodthirsty hate a man of integrity ; and they seek the life of the upright .
therefore is my harp turned to mourning , and my pipe into the voice of those who weep .
now the apostles and the brothers who were in judea heard that the gentiles had also received the word of god .
then samuel took the horn of oil , and anointed him in the midst of his brothers : and the spirit of yahweh came mightily on david from that day forward . so samuel rose up , and went to ramah .
yahweh your god will make you plenteous in all the work of your hand , in the fruit of your body , and in the fruit of your livestock , and in the fruit of your ground , for good : for yahweh will again rejoice over you for good , as he rejoiced over your fathers ;
but our god is in the heavens . he does whatever he pleases .
in his days pharaoh necoh king of egypt went up against the king of assyria to the river euphrates : and king josiah went against him ; and pharaoh necoh killed him at megiddo , when he had seen him .
for you are my lamp , yahweh ; yahweh will lighten my darkness .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
to whom our fathers would n't be obedient , but rejected him , and turned back in their hearts to egypt ,
therefore , o king , let my counsel be acceptable to you , and break off your sins by righteousness , and your iniquities by showing mercy to the poor ; if there may be a lengthening of your tranquillity .
he cropped off the topmost of the young twigs of it , and carried it to a land of traffic ; he set it in a city of merchants .
in the first year of cyrus the king , cyrus the king made a decree : concerning the house of god at jerusalem , let the house be built , the place where they offer sacrifices , and let the foundations of it be strongly laid ; the height of it sixty cubits , and the breadth of it sixty cubits ;
thus says the lord yahweh : if the prince give a gift to any of his sons , it is his inheritance , it shall belong to his sons ; it is their possession by inheritance .
then the kingdom of heaven will be like ten virgins , who took their lamps , and went out to meet the bridegroom .
so will i break down the wall that you have daubed with whitewash , and bring it down to the ground , so that the foundation of it shall be uncovered ; and it shall fall , and you shall be consumed in the midst of it : and you shall know that i am yahweh .
abraham circumcised his son , isaac , when he was eight days old , as god had commanded him .
he restored the eleven hundred pieces of silver to his mother ; and his mother said , i most assuredly dedicate the silver to yahweh from my hand for my son , to make an engraved image and a molten image : now therefore i will restore it to you .
the likeness of anything that creeps on the ground , the likeness of any fish that is in the water under the earth ;
only the tribe of levi you shall not number , neither shall you take a census of them among the children of israel ;
according as it is written , god gave them a spirit of stupor , eyes that they should not see , and ears that they should not hear , to this very day .
listen to me , house of jacob , and all the remnant of the house of israel , that have been borne by me from their birth , that have been carried from the womb ;
son of man , set your face toward the mountains of israel , and prophesy to them ,
a woman , when she gives birth , has sorrow , because her time has come . but when she has delivered the child , she does n't remember the anguish any more , for the joy that a human being is born into the world .
all the people shall hear , and fear , and do no more presumptuously .
one of the seven angels who had the seven bowls came and spoke with me , saying , come here . i will show you the judgment of the great prostitute who sits on many waters ,
but when the jews spoke against it , i was constrained to appeal to caesar , not that i had anything about which to accuse my nation .
but you , yahweh , have mercy on me , and raise me up , that i may repay them .
they went in to the king into the court ; but they had laid up the scroll in the chamber of elishama the scribe ; and they told all the words in the ears of the king .
he said , tomorrow . he said , be it according to your word , that you may know that there is none like yahweh our god .
however the king of the children of ammon did n't listen to the words of jephthah which he sent him .
jesus entered into the temple in jerusalem . when he had looked around at everything , it being now evening , he went out to bethany with the twelve .
jotham slept with his fathers , and they buried him in the city of david : and ahaz his son reigned in his place .
when they came to the threshing floor of chidon , uzza put forth his hand to hold the ark ; for the oxen stumbled .
all our enemies have opened their mouth wide against us .
blessed is he who considers the poor : yahweh will deliver him in the day of evil .
in you have they uncovered their fathers ' nakedness ; in you have they humbled her who was unclean in her impurity .
whoever lives and believes in me will never die . do you believe this ?
you are yahweh , even you alone ; you have made heaven , the heaven of heavens , with all their army , the earth and all things that are thereon , the seas and all that is in them , and you preserve them all ; and the army of heaven worships you .
therefore he sacrifices to his net , and burns incense to his dragnet , because by them his life is luxurious , and his food is good .
but you , brothers , are n't in darkness , that the day should overtake you like a thief .
how he was caught up into paradise , and heard unspeakable words , which it is not lawful for a man to utter .
it may be they will listen , and turn every man from his evil way ; that i may repent me of the evil which i purpose to do to them because of the evil of their doings .
if you were of the world , the world would love its own . but because you are not of the world , since i chose you out of the world , therefore the world hates you .
therefore do n't be like them , for your father knows what things you need , before you ask him .
god came to balaam , and said , what men are these with you ?
if the spirit of the ruler rises up against you , do n't leave your place ; for gentleness lays great offenses to rest .
he rebukes the sea , and makes it dry , and dries up all the rivers . bashan languishes , and carmel ; and the flower of lebanon languishes .
do n't be among ones drinking too much wine , or those who gorge themselves on meat :
so the king of israel went , and the king of judah , and the king of edom ; and they made a circuit of seven days ' journey : and there was no water for the army , nor for the animals that followed them .
now while the bridegroom delayed , they all slumbered and slept .
yahweh said , who shall entice ahab , that he may go up and fall at ramoth gilead ? one said on this manner ; and another said on that manner .
those who were numbered of the sons of gershon , their families , and by their fathers ' houses ,
he who corrects a mocker invites insult . he who reproves a wicked man invites abuse .
remember , i beg you , that you have fashioned me as clay . will you bring me into dust again ?
then the spirit entered into me , and set me on my feet ; and he spoke with me , and said to me , go , shut yourself within your house .
the children of israel did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh , and forgot yahweh their god , and served the baals and the asheroth .
when they could not come near to him for the crowd , they removed the roof where he was . when they had broken it up , they let down the mat that the paralytic was lying on .
concerning the good news , they are enemies for your sake . but concerning the election , they are beloved for the fathers ' sake .
as for the earth , out of it comes bread ; underneath it is turned up as it were by fire .
though wickedness is sweet in his mouth , though he hide it under his tongue ,
say among the nations , yahweh reigns . the world is also established . it ca n't be moved . he will judge the peoples with equity .
for indeed i bend judah as a bow for me . i have filled the bow with ephraim ; and i will stir up your sons , zion , against your sons , greece , and will make you like the sword of a mighty man .
let our people also learn to maintain good works for necessary uses , that they may not be unfruitful .
for if you shall diligently keep all this commandment which i command you , to do it , to love yahweh your god , to walk in all his ways , and to cleave to him ;
one male goat for a sin offering ;
for you will bless the righteous . yahweh , you will surround him with favor as with a shield .
of the tribe of zebulun twelve thousand , of the tribe of joseph twelve thousand , of the tribe of benjamin were sealed twelve thousand .
when much time had passed and the voyage was now dangerous , because the fast had now already gone by , paul admonished them ,
the dogs shall eat jezebel in the portion of jezreel , and there shall be none to bury her . he opened the door , and fled .
seven weeks shall you number to you : from the time you begin to put the sickle to the standing grain shall you begin to number seven weeks .
he said , yah has sworn : yahweh will have war with amalek from generation to generation . '
for has any said to god , i am guilty , but i will not offend any more .
the construction of its wall was jasper . the city was pure gold , like pure glass .
men will dwell therein , and there will be no more curse ; but jerusalem will dwell safely .
now when jesus heard that john was delivered up , he withdrew into galilee .
it shall be a perpetual statute to them : and he who sprinkles the water for impurity shall wash his clothes , and he who touches the water for impurity shall be unclean until even .
this is the day that yahweh has made . we will rejoice and be glad in it !
judah went up ; and yahweh delivered the canaanites and the perizzites into their hand : and they struck of them in bezek ten thousand men .
he said to another , follow me ! but he said , lord , allow me first to go and bury my father .
i shall be condemned ; why then do i labor in vain ?
you shall walk after yahweh your god , and fear him , and keep his commandments , and obey his voice , and you shall serve him , and cleave to him .
look at zion , the city of our appointed festivals . your eyes will see jerusalem , a quiet habitation , a tent that wo n't be removed . its stakes will never be plucked up , nor will any of its cords be broken .
and he said , if esau comes to the one company , and strikes it , then the company which is left will escape .
there shall you remember your ways , and all your doings , in which you have polluted yourselves ; and you shall loathe yourselves in your own sight for all your evils that you have committed .
the rich shall not give more , and the poor shall not give less , than the half shekel , when they give the offering of yahweh , to make atonement for your souls .
he erected an altar there , and called it el elohe israel .
the servants of saul told him , saying , on this manner spoke david .
for i am with you , says yahweh , to save you : for i will make a full end of all the nations where i have scattered you , but i will not make a full end of you ; but i will correct you in measure , and will in no way leave you unpunished .
and love the place of honor at feasts , the best seats in the synagogues ,
the people went out , and plundered the camp of the syrians . so a measure of fine flour was sold for a shekel , and two measures of barley for a shekel , according to the word of yahweh .
for the house of israel and the house of judah have dealt very treacherously against me , says yahweh .
cursed be he who lies with his mother - in - law . all the people shall say , amen .
again , when you have accomplished these , you shall lie on your right side , and shall bear the iniquity of the house of judah : forty days , each day for a year , have i appointed it to you .
but concerning the times and the seasons , brothers , you have no need that anything be written to you .
and the inhabitants of one shall go to another , saying , let us go speedily to entreat the favor of yahweh , and to seek yahweh of armies . i will go also . '
he humbled you , and allowed you to hunger , and fed you with manna , which you did n't know , neither did your fathers know ; that he might make you know that man does not live by bread only , but by everything that proceeds out of the mouth of yahweh does man live .
then call , and i will answer ; or let me speak , and you answer me .
who covers the sky with clouds , who prepares rain for the earth , who makes grass grow on the mountains .
solomon told her all her questions ; and there was not anything hid from solomon which he did n't tell her .
in whom you also are built together for a habitation of god in the spirit .
what has been done this day , so yahweh has commanded to do , to make atonement for you .
but as for me , i know that my redeemer lives . in the end , he will stand upon the earth .
but all the girls , who have not known man by lying with him , keep alive for yourselves .
watch therefore , for you do n't know in what hour your lord comes .
for nothing is hidden , that will not be revealed ; nor anything secret , that will not be known and come to light .
and the border shall turn about from azmon to the brook of egypt , and the goings out of it shall be at the sea .
he looked , and behold , there was at his head a cake baked on the coals , and a jar of water . he ate and drink , and laid him down again .
sing , barren , you who did n't bear ; break forth into singing , and cry aloud , you who did not travail with child : for more are the children of the desolate than the children of the married wife , says yahweh .
go up to the mountain , bring wood , and build the house . i will take pleasure in it , and i will be glorified , says yahweh .
you shall not lend him your money at interest , nor give him your food for profit .
jeroboam said in his heart , now will the kingdom return to the house of david :
i have no need for a bull from your stall , nor male goats from your pens .
for you have forgotten the god of your salvation , and have not remembered the rock of your strength . therefore you plant pleasant plants , and set out foreign seedlings .
the servants of the householder came and said to him , sir , did n't you sow good seed in your field ? where did this darnel come from ? '
when it was day , he departed and went into an uninhabited place , and the multitudes looked for him , and came to him , and held on to him , so that he would n't go away from them .
sing to yahweh ! bless his name ! proclaim his salvation from day to day !
he will consume the glory of his forest , and of his fruitful field , both soul and body . it will be as when a standard bearer faints .
so the posts went with the letters from the king and his princes throughout all israel and judah , and according to the commandment of the king , saying , you children of israel , turn again to yahweh , the god of abraham , isaac , and israel , that he may return to the remnant that have escaped of you out of the hand of the kings of assyria .
they have passed away as the swift ships , as the eagle that swoops on the prey .
esther 's maidens and her chamberlains came and told it her ; and the queen was exceedingly grieved : and she sent clothing to clothe mordecai , and to take his sackcloth from off him ; but he did n't receive it .
i thought to disclose it to you , saying , buy it before those who sit here , and before the elders of my people . if you will redeem it , redeem it : but if you will not redeem it , then tell me , that i may know ; for there is none to redeem it besides you ; and i am after you . he said , i will redeem it .
everyone , with whom was found blue , purple , scarlet , fine linen , goats ' hair , rams ' skins dyed red , and sea cow hides , brought them .
yahweh did according to the word of moses , and the frogs died out of the houses , out of the courts , and out of the fields .
so all the men of israel went up from following david , and followed sheba the son of bichri ; but the men of judah joined with their king , from the jordan even to jerusalem .
when all the kings who were servants to hadarezer saw that they were put to the worse before israel , they made peace with israel , and served them . so the syrians feared to help the children of ammon any more .
david commanded to gather together the foreigners who were in the land of israel ; and he set masons to hew worked stones to build the house of god .
but ishmael the son of nethaniah escaped from johanan with eight men , and went to the children of ammon .
there ran a young man , and told moses , and said , eldad and medad do prophesy in the camp .
there is a way which seems right to a man , but in the end it leads to death .
and because he did n't need for anyone to testify concerning man ; for he himself knew what was in man .
you shall not eat any blood , whether it is of bird or of animal , in any of your dwellings .
he struck moab , and measured them with the line , making them to lie down on the ground ; and he measured two lines to put to death , and one full line to keep alive . the moabites became servants to david , and brought tribute .
ask a sign of yahweh your god ; ask it either in the depth , or in the height above .
turn you us to you , yahweh , and we shall be turned ; renew our days as of old .
flee for safety , you children of benjamin , out of the midst of jerusalem , and blow the trumpet in tekoa , and raise up a signal on beth haccherem ; for evil looks forth from the north , and a great destruction .
there is a generation whose teeth are like swords , and their jaws like knives , to devour the poor from the earth , and the needy from among men .
then he will say also to those on the left hand , depart from me , you cursed , into the eternal fire which is prepared for the devil and his angels ;
for we are not as so many , peddling the word of god . but as of sincerity , but as of god , in the sight of god , we speak in christ .
and we will cut wood out of lebanon , as much as you shall need ; and we will bring it to you in floats by sea to joppa ; and you shall carry it up to jerusalem .
daniel spoke and said , i saw in my vision by night , and , behold , the four winds of the sky broke forth on the great sea .
that which is crooked ca n't be made straight ; and that which is lacking ca n't be counted .
he has violently taken away his tent , as if it were of a garden ; he has destroyed his place of assembly : yahweh has caused solemn assembly and sabbath to be forgotten in zion , has despised in the indignation of his anger the king and the priest .
looking around at those who sat around him , he said , behold , my mother and my brothers !
yahweh was very angry with aaron to destroy him : and i prayed for aaron also at the same time .
in this confidence , i was determined to come first to you , that you might have a second benefit ;
but they did n't understand this saying . it was concealed from them , that they should not perceive it , and they were afraid to ask him about this saying .
in the third month after the children of israel had gone forth out of the land of egypt , on that same day they came into the wilderness of sinai .
remember lot 's wife !
according to all these words , and according to all this vision , so did nathan speak to david .
for you all can prophesy one by one , that all may learn , and all may be exhorted .
they shall teach jacob your ordinances , israel your law : they shall put incense before you , whole burnt offering on your altar .
and he went after the man of israel into the pavilion , and thrust both of them through , the man of israel , and the woman through her body . so the plague was stayed from the children of israel .
she gave the king one hundred and twenty talents of gold , and spices in great abundance , and precious stones : neither was there any such spice as the queen of sheba gave to king solomon .
afterward moses and aaron came , and said to pharaoh , this is what yahweh , the god of israel , says , let my people go , that they may hold a feast to me in the wilderness . '
all the firstborn males that are born of your herd and of your flock you shall sanctify to yahweh your god : you shall do no work with the firstborn of your herd , nor shear the firstborn of your flock .
let no man therefore judge you in eating , or in drinking , or with respect to a feast day or a new moon or a sabbath day ,
you have multiplied your slain in this city , and you have filled the streets of it with the slain .
she said to him , not so , because this great wrong in putting me forth is worse than the other that you did to me . but he would not listen to her .
then hear you in heaven , and do , and judge your servants , condemning the wicked , to bring his way on his own head , and justifying the righteous , to give him according to his righteousness .
moreover you shall tell them , thus says yahweh : shall men fall , and not rise up again ? shall one turn away , and not return ?
they did n't thirst when he led them through the deserts ; he caused the waters to flow out of the rock for them ; he split the rock also , and the waters gushed out .
now therefore thus says yahweh , you shall not come down from the bed where you are gone up , but shall surely die . elijah departed .
at that time hanani the seer came to asa king of judah , and said to him , because you have relied on the king of syria , and have not relied on yahweh your god , therefore is the army of the king of syria escaped out of your hand .
let no man say when he is tempted , i am tempted by god , for god ca n't be tempted by evil , and he himself tempts no one .
set a wicked man over him . let an adversary stand at his right hand .
in the twelfth year of joram the son of ahab king of israel did ahaziah the son of jehoram king of judah begin to reign .
asa did that which was good and right in the eyes of yahweh his god :
oh the depth of the riches both of the wisdom and the knowledge of god ! how unsearchable are his judgments , and his ways past tracing out !
then eliashib the high priest rose up with his brothers the priests , and they built the sheep gate ; they sanctified it , and set up the doors of it ; even to the tower of hammeah they sanctified it , to the tower of hananel .
of the one thousand seven hundred seventy - five shekels he made hooks for the pillars , overlaid their capitals , and made fillets for them .
for your servant david 's sake , do n't turn away the face of your anointed one .
i was alive apart from the law once , but when the commandment came , sin revived , and i died .
the king and his men went to jerusalem against the jebusites , the inhabitants of the land , who spoke to david , saying , except you take away the blind and the lame , you shall not come in here ; thinking , david ca n't come in here .
also day by day , from the first day to the last day , he read in the book of the law of god . they kept the feast seven days ; and on the eighth day was a solemn assembly , according to the ordinance .
behold , i will do a new thing ; now shall it spring forth ; shall you not know it ? i will even make a way in the wilderness , and rivers in the desert .
turn my eyes away from looking at worthless things . revive me in your ways .
among whom you are also called to belong to jesus christ ;
for the canaanites and all the inhabitants of the land will hear of it , and will compass us round , and cut off our name from the earth : and what will you do for your great name ?
who have kept with your servant david my father that which you did promise him : yes , you spoke with your mouth , and have fulfilled it with your hand , as it is this day .
know that yahweh , he is god . it is he who has made us , and we are his . we are his people , and the sheep of his pasture .
there was no water for the congregation : and they assembled themselves together against moses and against aaron .
for what the law could n't do , in that it was weak through the flesh , god did , sending his own son in the likeness of sinful flesh and for sin , he condemned sin in the flesh ;
how long will you hunt for words ? consider , and afterwards we will speak .
arise , god , judge the earth , for you inherit all of the nations .
that i will break the assyrian in my land , and tread him under foot on my mountains . then his yoke will leave them , and his burden leave their shoulders .
but the unclean spirit , when he is gone out of the man , passes through waterless places , seeking rest , and does n't find it .
he will come and destroy these farmers , and will give the vineyard to others . when they heard it , they said , may it never be !
my son , listen to your father 's instruction , and do n't forsake your mother 's teaching :
jacob came in peace to the city of shechem , which is in the land of canaan , when he came from paddan aram ; and encamped before the city .
menahem slept with his fathers ; and pekahiah his son reigned in his place .
the scribes and the pharisees watched him , to see whether he would heal on the sabbath , that they might find an accusation against him .
but if they are questions about words and names and your own law , look to it yourselves . for i do n't want to be a judge of these matters .
amaziah the son of joash king of judah lived after the death of jehoash son of jehoahaz king of israel fifteen years .
the tribes of israel sent men through all the tribe of benjamin , saying , what wickedness is this that is happen among you ?
jesus said , father , forgive them , for they do n't know what they are doing . dividing his garments among them , they cast lots .
my breath is offensive to my wife . i am loathsome to the children of my own mother .
the children of israel set forward according to their journeys out of the wilderness of sinai ; and the cloud abode in the wilderness of paran .
happy are your men , happy are these your servants , who stand continually before you , and who hear your wisdom .
but after that our fathers had provoked the god of heaven to wrath , he gave them into the hand of nebuchadnezzar king of babylon , the chaldean , who destroyed this house , and carried the people away into babylon .
behold , the day , behold , it comes : your doom is gone forth ; the rod has blossomed , pride has budded .
shout against her round about : she has submitted herself ; her bulwarks are fallen , her walls are thrown down ; for it is the vengeance of yahweh : take vengeance on her ; as she has done , do to her .
the archers shot at king josiah ; and the king said to his servants , have me away ; for i am sore wounded .
for the good which i desire , i do n't do ; but the evil which i do n't desire , that i practice .
i am yahweh , your god , who brought you up out of the land of egypt . open your mouth wide , and i will fill it .
when he had said this , he breathed on them , and said to them , receive the holy spirit !
saul and all the people who were with him were gathered together , and came to the battle : and behold , every man 's sword was against his fellow , and there was a very great confusion .
an unfriendly man pursues selfishness , and defies all sound judgment .
apply your heart to instruction , and your ears to the words of knowledge .
he taught them many things in parables , and told them in his teaching ,
take you heed everyone of his neighbor , and do n't you trust in any brother ; for every brother will utterly supplant , and every neighbor will go about with slanders .
i am a stranger on the earth . do n't hide your commandments from me .
the ransomed of yahweh shall return , and come with singing to zion ; and everlasting joy shall be on their heads : they shall obtain gladness and joy ; and sorrow and sighing shall flee away .
the sixth poured out his bowl on the great river , the euphrates . its water was dried up , that the way might be made ready for the kings that come from the sunrise .
now my eyes shall be open , and my ears attentive , to the prayer that is made in this place .
so i have seen you in the sanctuary , watching your power and your glory .
now after i had delivered the deed of the purchase to baruch the son of neriah , i prayed to yahweh , saying ,
you have increased the nation , o yahweh . you have increased the nation ! you are glorified ! you have enlarged all the borders of the land .
at that time , jesus answered , i thank you , father , lord of heaven and earth , that you hid these things from the wise and understanding , and revealed them to infants .
jesus answered him , because i told you , i saw you underneath the fig tree , ' do you believe ? you will see greater things than these !
david said to jonathan , behold , tomorrow is the new moon , and i should not fail to sit with the king at meat : but let me go , that i may hide myself in the field to the third day at evening .
so they sat down with him on the ground seven days and seven nights , and none spoke a word to him , for they saw that his grief was very great .
they prepare the table . they set the watch . they eat . they drink . rise up , you princes , oil the shield !
no one sews a piece of unshrunk cloth on an old garment , or else the patch shrinks and the new tears away from the old , and a worse hole is made .
then the word of yahweh came to jeremiah , after that the king had burned the scroll , and the words which baruch wrote at the mouth of jeremiah , saying ,
do n't withhold your tender mercies from me , yahweh . let your loving kindness and your truth continually preserve me .
my brothers have dealt deceitfully as a brook , as the channel of brooks that pass away ;
and how will they preach unless they are sent ? as it is written : how beautiful are the feet of those who preach the good news of peace , who bring glad tidings of good things !
for the day of yahweh is near all the nations ! as you have done , it will be done to you . your deeds will return upon your own head .
the farmer went out to sow his seed . as he sowed , some fell along the road , and it was trampled under foot , and the birds of the sky devoured it .
you are good , and do good . teach me your statutes .
he spread the covering over the tent , and put the roof of the tent above on it , as yahweh commanded moses .
he who implanted the ear , wo n't he hear ? he who formed the eye , wo n't he see ?
he closed the book , gave it back to the attendant , and sat down . the eyes of all in the synagogue were fastened on him .
the philistines stood on the mountain on the one side , and israel stood on the mountain on the other side : and there was a valley between them .
we have a little sister . she has no breasts . what shall we do for our sister in the day when she is to be spoken for ?
he said to me , son of man , go , get you to the house of israel , and speak with my words to them .
show me the tax money . they brought to him a denarius .
he carried out there all the treasures of the house of yahweh , and the treasures of the king 's house , and cut in pieces all the vessels of gold , which solomon king of israel had made in the temple of yahweh , as yahweh had said .
you have taken my friends from me . you have made me an abomination to them . i am confined , and i ca n't escape .
and cinnamon , incense , perfume , frankincense , wine , olive oil , fine flour , wheat , sheep , horses , chariots , and people 's bodies and souls .
that the creation itself also will be delivered from the bondage of decay into the liberty of the glory of the children of god .
so zedekiah the king swore secretly to jeremiah , saying , as yahweh lives , who made us this soul , i will not put you to death , neither will i give you into the hand of these men who seek your life .
yahweh said to moses , how long do you refuse to keep my commandments and my laws ?
the wilderness and the dry land will be glad . the desert will rejoice and blossom like a rose .
the egyptians shall know that i am yahweh , when i have gotten myself honor over pharaoh , over his chariots , and over his horsemen .
for i tell you , i will no longer by any means eat of it until it is fulfilled in the kingdom of god .
the sky was removed like a scroll when it is rolled up . every mountain and island were moved out of their places .
you shall make curtains of goats ' hair for a covering over the tent : eleven curtains shall you make them .
from the place of his habitation he looks out on all the inhabitants of the earth ,
your children make haste ; your destroyers and those who made you waste shall go forth from you .
i indeed declare , love stands firm forever . you established the heavens . your faithfulness is in them .
yahweh said to moses , take joshua the son of nun , a man in whom is the spirit , and lay your hand on him ;
surely none of the men who came up out of egypt , from twenty years old and upward , shall see the land which i swore to abraham , to isaac , and to jacob ; because they have not wholly followed me :
but the thing displeased samuel , when they said , give us a king to judge us . samuel prayed to yahweh .
the spirit lifted me up , and brought me in the vision by the spirit of god into chaldea , to them of the captivity . so the vision that i had seen went up from me .
it happened , that he was reclining at the table in his house , and many tax collectors and sinners sat down with jesus and his disciples , for there were many , and they followed him .
so that they go around naked without clothing . being hungry , they carry the sheaves .
jephthah said to them , i and my people were at great strife with the children of ammon ; and when i called you , you did n't save me out of their hand .
now , behold , in my affliction i have prepared for the house of yahweh one hundred thousand talents of gold , and one thousand thousand talents of silver , and of brass and iron without weight ; for it is in abundance : timber also and stone have i prepared ; and you may add to them .
arise , and depart ! for this is not your resting place , because of uncleanness that destroys , even with a grievous destruction .
jesus answered , you would have no power at all against me , unless it were given to you from above . therefore he who delivered me to you has greater sin .
and two turtledoves , or two young pigeons , such as he is able to afford ; and the one shall be a sin offering , and the other a burnt offering .
he was listening to paul speaking , who , fastening eyes on him , and seeing that he had faith to be made whole ,
though these three men were in it , as i live , says the lord yahweh , they should deliver neither sons nor daughters , but they only should be delivered themselves .
yahweh said to me , do n't fear him ; for i have delivered him , and all his people , and his land , into your hand ; and you shall do to him as you did to sihon king of the amorites , who lived at heshbon .
then he appeared to over five hundred brothers at once , most of whom remain until now , but some have also fallen asleep .
but if a priest buys a slave , purchased by his money , he shall eat of it ; and such as are born in his house , they shall eat of his bread .
that you may walk in the way of good men , and keep the paths of the righteous .
when you have stayed three days , you shall go down quickly , and come to the place where you did hide yourself when the business was in hand , and shall remain by the stone ezel .
but the vow of a widow , or of her who is divorced , even everything with which she has bound her soul , shall stand against her .
let them judge the people at all times . it shall be that every great matter they shall bring to you , but every small matter they shall judge themselves . so shall it be easier for you , and they shall share the load with you .
when he had determined to pass over into achaia , the brothers encouraged him , and wrote to the disciples to receive him . when he had come , he greatly helped those who had believed through grace ;
yahweh prepared a great fish to swallow up jonah , and jonah was in the belly of the fish three days and three nights .
because he loved your fathers , therefore he chose their seed after them , and brought you out with his presence , with his great power , out of egypt ;
he charged them that they should take nothing for their journey , except a staff only : no bread , no wallet , no money in their purse ,
then went samson down , and his father and his mother , to timnah , and came to the vineyards of timnah : and behold , a young lion roared against him .
two men went up into the temple to pray ; one was a pharisee , and the other was a tax collector .
when a man shall have a rising in his body 's skin , or a scab , or a bright spot , and it becomes in the skin of his body the plague of leprosy , then he shall be brought to aaron the priest , or to one of his sons the priests :
and said to him , run , speak to this young man , saying , jerusalem will be inhabited as villages without walls , because of the multitude of men and livestock in it .
one golden ladle of ten shekels , full of incense ;
the vision of obadiah . this is what the lord yahweh says about edom . we have heard news from yahweh , and an ambassador is sent among the nations , saying , arise , and let 's rise up against her in battle .
when i saw him , i fell at his feet like a dead man . he laid his right hand on me , saying , do n't be afraid . i am the first and the last ,
jacob tore his clothes , and put sackcloth on his waist , and mourned for his son many days .
yet the children of manasseh could n't drive out the inhabitants of those cities ; but the canaanites would dwell in that land .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
now may the lord of peace himself give you peace at all times in all ways . the lord be with you all .
but you shall go to my father 's house , and to my relatives , and take a wife for my son . '
what then shall i do when god rises up ? when he visits , what shall i answer him ?
when the lord saw her , he had compassion on her , and said to her , do n't cry .
there were also that said , we have borrowed money for the king 's tribute on our fields and our vineyards .
when it was evening he came with the twelve .
they went , and came to the mountain , and abode there three days , until the pursuers were returned : and the pursuers sought them throughout all the way , but did n't find them .
sometimes the cloud was from evening until morning ; and when the cloud was taken up in the morning , they traveled : or by day and by night , when the cloud was taken up , they traveled .
but naaman was angry , and went away , and said , behold , i thought , he will surely come out to me , and stand , and call on the name of yahweh his god , and wave his hand over the place , and recover the leper .
do you think that i have come to give peace in the earth ? i tell you , no , but rather division .
wherein you greatly rejoice , though now for a little while , if need be , you have been put to grief in various trials ,
even as it is written , for your sake we are killed all day long . we were accounted as sheep for the slaughter .
the righteous shall inherit the land , and live in it forever .
keep me from the snare which they have laid for me , from the traps of the workers of iniquity .
you shall set the levites before aaron , and before his sons , and offer them as a wave offering to yahweh .
therefore it is said in the book of the wars of yahweh , vaheb in suphah , the valleys of the arnon ,
rejoice with those who rejoice . weep with those who weep .
why do we also stand in jeopardy every hour ?
god spoke to noah and to his sons with him , saying ,
vex the midianites , and strike them ;
your vows are on me , god . i will give thank offerings to you .
the elders of gilead said to jephthah , yahweh shall be witness between us ; surely according to your word so will we do .
he encloses the face of his throne , and spreads his cloud on it .
they said to him , where is sarah , your wife ? he said , see , in the tent .
when your people israel are struck down before the enemy , because they have sinned against you ; if they turn again to you , and confess your name , and pray and make supplication to you in this house :
blessed are those whose ways are blameless , who walk according to yahweh 's law .
your eye shall not pity him , but you shall put away the innocent blood from israel , that it may go well with you .
now he spoke of judas , the son of simon iscariot , for it was he who would betray him , being one of the twelve .
moses went down from the mountain to the people , and sanctified the people ; and they washed their clothes .
for what does the scripture say ? abraham believed god , and it was accounted to him for righteousness .
i will keep my loving kindness for him forevermore . my covenant will stand firm with him .
they moved him to jealousy with strange gods ; with abominations provoked they him to anger .
if we are examined today concerning a good deed done to a crippled man , by what means this man has been healed ,
and being in readiness to avenge all disobedience , when your obedience will be made full .
do n't make a covenant with the inhabitants of the land , lest they play the prostitute after their gods , and sacrifice to their gods , and one call you and you eat of his sacrifice ;
as for you , house of israel , thus says the lord yahweh : go you , serve everyone his idols , and hereafter also , if you will not listen to me ; but my holy name shall you no more profane with your gifts , and with your idols .
i will abundantly bless her provision . i will satisfy her poor with bread .
certain also of the asiarchs , being his friends , sent to him and begged him not to venture into the theater .
the priest shall pour some of the oil into the palm of his own left hand ;
the beast which i saw was like a leopard , and his feet were like those of a bear , and his mouth like the mouth of a lion . the dragon gave him his power , his throne , and great authority .
now while he was not yet gone back , go back then , said he , to gedaliah the son of ahikam , the son of shaphan , whom the king of babylon has made governor over the cities of judah , and dwell with him among the people ; or go wherever it seems right to you to go . so the captain of the guard gave him food and a present , and let him go .
that path no bird of prey knows , neither has the falcon 's eye seen it .
the old men of gebal and the wise men of it were in you your repairers of ship seams : all the ships of the sea with their mariners were in you to deal in your merchandise .
they removed the burnt offerings , that they might give them according to the divisions of the fathers ' houses of the children of the people , to offer to yahweh , as it is written in the book of moses . so did they with the oxen .
he shall offer one of the turtledoves , or of the young pigeons , such as he is able to afford ,
and in vain do they worship me , teaching as doctrine rules made by men . '
it shall happen that as i thought to do to them , so will i do to you .
however , if you fulfill the royal law , according to the scripture , you shall love your neighbor as yourself , you do well .
for if , while we were enemies , we were reconciled to god through the death of his son , much more , being reconciled , we will be saved by his life .
therefore his parents said , he is of age . ask him .
yet all this avails me nothing , so long as i see mordecai the jew sitting at the king 's gate .
joab gave up the sum of the numbering of the people to david . all those of israel were one million one hundred thousand men who drew sword : and in judah were four hundred seventy thousand men who drew sword .
yahweh our god made a covenant with us in horeb .
men shall go into the caves of the rocks , and into the holes of the earth , from before the terror of yahweh , and from the glory of his majesty , when he arises to shake the earth mightily .
the tongue of the sucking child cleaves to the roof of his mouth for thirst : the young children ask bread , and no man breaks it to them .
the children of israel returned from chasing after the philistines , and they plundered their camp .
i understand more than the aged , because i have kept your precepts .
esau said , let me now leave with you some of the folk who are with me . he said , why ? let me find favor in the sight of my lord .
they went after them to the jordan : and behold , all the way was full of garments and vessels , which the syrians had cast away in their haste . the messengers returned , and told the king .
standing behind at his feet weeping , she began to wet his feet with her tears , and she wiped them with the hair of her head , kissed his feet , and anointed them with the ointment .
he who is too impoverished for such an offering chooses a tree that will not rot . he seeks a skillful workman to set up an engraved image for him that will not be moved .
whoever transgresses and does n't remain in the teaching of christ , does n't have god . he who remains in the teaching , the same has both the father and the son .
jephthah vowed a vow to yahweh , and said , if you will indeed deliver the children of ammon into my hand ,
shout for joy to yahweh , all you lands !
and say , what was your mother ? a lioness : she couched among lions , in the midst of the young lions she nourished her cubs .
and after the earthquake a fire ; but yahweh was not in the fire : and after the fire a still small voice .
you will know that i am in the midst of israel , and that i am yahweh , your god , and there is no one else ; and my people will never again be disappointed .
yahweh , why do you reject my soul ? why do you hide your face from me ?
i myself will fight against you with an outstretched hand and with a strong arm , even in anger , and in wrath , and in great indignation .
therefore jesus perceived that they wanted to ask him , and he said to them , do you inquire among yourselves concerning this , that i said , a little while , and you wo n't see me , and again a little while , and you will see me ? '
save yourself , and come down from the cross !
servants , obey in all things those who are your masters according to the flesh , not just when they are looking , as men pleasers , but in singleness of heart , fearing god .
then zebah and zalmunna said , rise you , and fall on us ; for as the man is , so is his strength . gideon arose , and killed zebah and zalmunna , and took the crescents that were on their camels ' necks .
he said , amos , what do you see ? i said , a basket of summer fruit . then yahweh said to me , the end has come on my people israel . i will not again pass by them any more .
moses returned to yahweh , and said , lord , why have you brought trouble on this people ? why is it that you have sent me ?
amaziah also said to amos , you seer , go , flee away into the land of judah , and there eat bread , and prophesy there :
he built an altar there , and called on the name of yahweh , and pitched his tent there . there isaac 's servants dug a well .
but the more they afflicted them , the more they multiplied and the more they spread out . they were grieved because of the children of israel .
these were heads of fathers ' houses of the levites , throughout their generations , chief men : these lived at jerusalem .
and four thousand were doorkeepers ; and four thousand praised yahweh with the instruments which i made , said david , for giving praise .
strong scales are his pride , shut up together with a close seal .
tell me , you whom my soul loves , where you graze your flock , where you rest them at noon ; for why should i be as one who is veiled beside the flocks of your companions ? lover
but the bull , and its skin , and its flesh , and its dung , he burned with fire outside the camp ; as yahweh commanded moses .
there is an evil which i have seen under the sun , the sort of error which proceeds from the ruler .
so i prophesied as i was commanded : and as i prophesied , there was a noise , and behold , an earthquake ; and the bones came together , bone to its bone .
then all the midianites and the amalekites and the children of the east assembled themselves together ; and they passed over , and encamped in the valley of jezreel .
he bowed the heavens also , and came down ; thick darkness was under his feet .
do you intend to reprove words , seeing that the speeches of one who is desperate are as wind ?
the little owl , the cormorant , the great owl ,
moses called bezalel and oholiab , and every wise - hearted man , in whose heart yahweh had put wisdom , even everyone whose heart stirred him up to come to the work to do it :
now the men observed diligently , and hurried to catch whether it were his mind ; and they said , your brother ben hadad . then he said , go you , bring him . then ben hadad came forth to him ; and he caused him to come up into the chariot .
the waters receded continually until the tenth month . in the tenth month , on the first day of the month , the tops of the mountains were seen .
whatever has no fins nor scales in the waters , that is an abomination to you .
moab shall be destroyed from being a people , because he has magnified himself against yahweh .
when they came to the nations , where they went , they profaned my holy name ; in that men said of them , these are the people of yahweh , and are gone forth out of his land .
yahweh will cause his glorious voice to be heard , and will show the descent of his arm , with the indignation of his anger , and the flame of a devouring fire , with a blast , tempest , and hailstones .
even to the next day after the seventh sabbath you shall number fifty days ; and you shall offer a new meal offering to yahweh .
then yahweh was jealous for his land , and had pity on his people .
yahweh will render to every man his righteousness and his faithfulness ; because yahweh delivered you into my hand today , and i would n't put forth my hand against yahweh 's anointed .
job speaks without knowledge , his words are without wisdom . '
those who shall be of you shall build the old waste places ; you shall raise up the foundations of many generations ; and you shall be called the repairer of the breach , the restorer of paths to dwell in .
for wisdom will enter into your heart . knowledge will be pleasant to your soul .
but it was so , that in the three and twentieth year of king jehoash the priests had not repaired the breaches of the house .
therefore said i , now will the philistines come down on me to gilgal , and i have n't entreated the favor of yahweh : i forced myself therefore , and offered the burnt offering .
he said to them , i am one hundred twenty years old this day ; i can no more go out and come in : and yahweh has said to me , you shall not go over this jordan .
behold , he snatches away ; who can hinder him ? who will ask him , what are you doing ? '
those who died by the plague were twenty - four thousand .
and their brothers , mighty men of valor , one hundred twenty - eight ; and their overseer was zabdiel , the son of haggedolim .
that they would desire mercies of the god of heaven concerning this secret ; that daniel and his companions should not perish with the rest of the wise men of babylon .
for this deed of the queen will come abroad to all women , to make their husbands contemptible in their eyes , when it shall be reported , the king ahasuerus commanded vashti the queen to be brought in before him , but she did n't come .
and the two kidneys , and the fat that is on them , which is by the loins , and the cover on the liver , with the kidneys , he shall take away .
the headdresses , the ankle chains , the sashes , the perfume bottles , the charms ,
remember his marvelous works that he has done , his wonders , and the judgments of his mouth ,
turn us again , yahweh god of armies . cause your face to shine , and we will be saved .
let us lie down in our shame , and let our confusion cover us ; for we have sinned against yahweh our god , we and our fathers , from our youth even to this day ; and we have not obeyed the voice of yahweh our god .
also the burnt offerings were in abundance , with the fat of the peace offerings , and with the drink offerings for every burnt offering . so the service of the house of yahweh was set in order .
now is the end on you , and i will send my anger on you , and will judge you according to your ways ; and i will bring on you all your abominations .
do n't snatch the word of truth out of my mouth , for i put my hope in your ordinances .
moreover those who had familiar spirits , and the wizards , and the teraphim , and the idols , and all the abominations that were seen in the land of judah and in jerusalem , did josiah put away , that he might confirm the words of the law which were written in the book that hilkiah the priest found in the house of yahweh .
then shall he who offers his offering offer to yahweh a meal offering of a tenth part of an ephah of fine flour mixed with the fourth part of a hin of oil :
and the priest shall examine him . behold , if there is a white rising in the skin , and it has turned the hair white , and there is raw flesh in the rising ,
all the people departed every man to his house : and david returned to bless his house .
with many other words he testified , and exhorted them , saying , save yourselves from this crooked generation !
the king of sodom said to abram , give me the people , and take the goods to yourself .
yes , he loved cursing , and it came to him . he did n't delight in blessing , and it was far from him .
they forsook the house of yahweh , the god of their fathers , and served the asherim and the idols : and wrath came on judah and jerusalem for this their guiltiness .
so she wrote letters in ahab 's name , and sealed them with his seal , and sent the letters to the elders and to the nobles who were in his city , and who lived with naboth .
how shall i come before yahweh , and bow myself before the exalted god ? shall i come before him with burnt offerings , with calves a year old ?
moses and aaron said to all the children of israel , at evening , then you shall know that yahweh has brought you out from the land of egypt ;
when i saw among the spoil a goodly babylonian mantle , and two hundred shekels of silver , and a wedge of gold of fifty shekels weight , then i coveted them , and took them ; and , behold , they are hid in the earth in the midst of my tent , and the silver under it .
for if we believe that jesus died and rose again , even so those who have fallen asleep in jesus will god bring with him .
that you abstain from things sacrificed to idols , from blood , from things strangled , and from sexual immorality , from which if you keep yourselves , it will be well with you . farewell .
the path of life leads upward for the wise , to keep him from going downward to sheol .
a false witness will perish , and a man who listens speaks to eternity .
to grant to us that we , being delivered out of the hand of our enemies , should serve him without fear ,
the king spoke and said , is not this great babylon , which i have built for the royal dwelling place , by the might of my power and for the glory of my majesty ?
they are like children who sit in the marketplace , and call one to another , saying , we piped to you , and you did n't dance . we mourned , and you did n't weep . '
i also will do this to you : i will appoint terror over you , even consumption and fever , that shall consume the eyes , and make the soul to pine away ; and you will sow your seed in vain , for your enemies will eat it .
for the redemption of the two hundred seventy - three of the firstborn of the children of israel , who exceed the number of the levites ,
then the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
then shall the trees of the wood sing for joy before yahweh ; for he comes to judge the earth .
who is left among you who saw this house in its former glory ? how do you see it now ? is n't it in your eyes as nothing ?
that you shall set apart to yahweh all that opens the womb , and every firstborn which you have that comes from an animal . the males shall be yahweh 's .
so shall my word be that goes forth out of my mouth : it shall not return to me void , but it shall accomplish that which i please , and it shall prosper in the thing whereto i sent it .
the grass withers , the flower fades , because yahweh 's breath blows on it . surely the people are like grass .
in the hill country , and in the lowland , and in the arabah , and in the slopes , and in the wilderness , and in the south ; the hittite , the amorite , and the canaanite , the perizzite , the hivite , and the jebusite :
yes , and you will be brought before governors and kings for my sake , for a testimony to them and to the nations .
he will lift up a banner to the nations from far , and he will whistle for them from the end of the earth . behold , they will come speedily and swiftly .
then contended i with the rulers , and said , why is the house of god forsaken ? i gathered them together , and set them in their place .
asa cried to yahweh his god , and said , yahweh , there is none besides you to help , between the mighty and him who has no strength : help us , yahweh our god ; for we rely on you , and in your name are we come against this multitude . yahweh , you are our god ; do n't let man prevail against you .
for you will eat the labor of your hands . you will be happy , and it will be well with you .
and sit on a stately bed , with a table prepared before it , whereupon you did set my incense and my oil .
you yourselves testify that i said , i am not the christ , ' but , i have been sent before him . '
the burnt offering that the prince shall offer to yahweh shall be on the sabbath day six lambs without blemish and a ram without blemish ;
for if a man with a gold ring , in fine clothing , comes into your synagogue , and a poor man in filthy clothing also comes in ;
he delivered them into the hands of his servants , every herd by itself , and said to his servants , pass over before me , and put a space between herd and herd .
they said therefore to him , what then do you do for a sign , that we may see , and believe you ? what work do you do ?
they went away in the boat to a desert place by themselves .
go quickly and tell his disciples , he has risen from the dead , and behold , he goes before you into galilee ; there you will see him . ' behold , i have told you .
pharisees came to him testing him , and asked him , is it lawful for a man to divorce his wife ?
wicked people earn deceitful wages , but one who sows righteousness reaps a sure reward .
for i have given you an example , that you also should do as i have done to you .
beware of the dogs , beware of the evil workers , beware of the false circumcision .
with a strong hand , and with an outstretched arm ; for his loving kindness endures forever :
their infants also will be dashed in pieces before their eyes . their houses will be ransacked , and their wives raped .
deliver me , yahweh , from my enemies . i flee to you to hide me .
come you near to me , hear you this ; from the beginning i have not spoken in secret ; from the time that it was , there am i : and now the lord yahweh has sent me , and his spirit .
a scoffer seeks wisdom , and does n't find it , but knowledge comes easily to a discerning person .
but be you glad and rejoice forever in that which i create ; for , behold , i create jerusalem a rejoicing , and her people a joy .
a certain servant girl saw him as he sat in the light , and looking intently at him , said , this man also was with him .
blessed be the god and father of our lord jesus christ , who according to his great mercy became our father again to a living hope through the resurrection of jesus christ from the dead ,
amid which certain jews from asia found me purified in the temple , not with a mob , nor with turmoil .
yahweh spoke with you face to face on the mountain out of the midst of the fire ,
when men strive together one with another , and the wife of the one draws near to deliver her husband out of the hand of him who strikes him , and puts forth her hand , and takes him by the secrets ;
tell us therefore , what do you think ? is it lawful to pay taxes to caesar , or not ?
the priests did n't say , where is yahweh ? and those who handle the law did n't know me : the rulers also transgressed against me , and the prophets prophesied by baal , and walked after things that do not profit .
but god came to abimelech in a dream of the night , and said to him , behold , you are a dead man , because of the woman whom you have taken . for she is a man 's wife .
he took his staff in his hand , and chose him five smooth stones out of the brook , and put them in the shepherd 's bag which he had , even in his wallet ; and his sling was in his hand : and he drew near to the philistine .
and said to the judges , consider what you do : for you do n't judge for man , but for yahweh ; and he is with you in the judgment .
the speech pleased the lord , that solomon had asked this thing .
a worthless man devises mischief . his speech is like a scorching fire .
and he who invited both of you would come and tell you , make room for this person . ' then you would begin , with shame , to take the lowest place .
because for the sake of the name they went out , taking nothing from the gentiles .
how do we hear , everyone in our own native language ?
you will have joy and gladness ; and many will rejoice at his birth .
it is even right for me to think this way on behalf of all of you , because i have you in my heart , because , both in my bonds and in the defense and confirmation of the good news , you all are partakers with me of grace .
which things indeed appear like wisdom in self - imposed worship , and humility , and severity to the body ; but are n't of any value against the indulgence of the flesh .
i will make people more rare than fine gold , even a person than the pure gold of ophir .
but in those days , after that oppression , the sun will be darkened , the moon will not give its light ,
in whom the god of this world has blinded the minds of the unbelieving , that the light of the good news of the glory of christ , who is the image of god , should not dawn on them .
therefore saul sent messengers to jesse , and said , send me david your son , who is with the sheep .
rebekah took the good clothes of esau , her elder son , which were with her in the house , and put them on jacob , her younger son .
they have sown wheat , and have reaped thorns ; they have put themselves to pain , and profit nothing : and you shall be ashamed of your fruits , because of the fierce anger of yahweh .
he will be like a wild donkey among men . his hand will be against every man , and every man 's hand against him . he will live opposite all of his brothers .
but peter , standing up with the eleven , lifted up his voice , and spoke out to them , you men of judea , and all you who dwell at jerusalem , let this be known to you , and listen to my words .
for the thing which i fear comes on me , that which i am afraid of comes to me .
give thanks to the lord of lords ; for his loving kindness endures forever :
( let me be weighed in an even balance , that god may know my integrity ) ;
and brought his head on a platter , and gave it to the young lady ; and the young lady gave it to her mother .
behold , the days come , that all that is in your house , and that which your fathers have laid up in store to this day , shall be carried to babylon : nothing shall be left , says yahweh .
we dreamed a dream in one night , i and he . we dreamed each man according to the interpretation of his dream .
every meal offering of a priest shall be wholly burned . it shall not be eaten .
and brought out israel from among them ; for his loving kindness endures forever ;
for solomon went after ashtoreth the goddess of the sidonians , and after milcom the abomination of the ammonites .
therefore my heart sounds for moab like pipes , and my heart sounds like pipes for the men of kir heres : therefore the abundance that he has gotten is perished .
he said to her , daughter , cheer up . your faith has made you well . go in peace .
there was a gate to the inner court toward the south : and he measured from gate to gate toward the south a hundred cubits .
the sons of the singers gathered themselves together , both out of the plain round about jerusalem , and from the villages of the netophathites ;
i will strengthen the arms of the king of babylon , and put my sword in his hand : but i will break the arms of pharaoh , and he shall groan before him with the groanings of a deadly wounded man .
the king shall mourn , and the prince shall be clothed with desolation , and the hands of the people of the land shall be troubled : i will do to them after their way , and according to their own judgments will i judge them ; and they shall know that i am yahweh .
yahweh spoke suddenly to moses , and to aaron , and to miriam , come out you three to the tent of meeting . they three came out .
i will seek that which was lost , and will bring back that which was driven away , and will bind up that which was broken , and will strengthen that which was sick : but the fat and the strong i will destroy ; i will feed them in justice .
again he departed from the borders of tyre and sidon , and came to the sea of galilee , through the midst of the region of decapolis .
he gathered together the priests and the levites , and said to them , go out to the cities of judah , and gather of all israel money to repair the house of your god from year to year ; and see that you hasten the matter . however the levites did n't hurry .
it shall happen in that day that a man shall keep alive a young cow , and two sheep ;
and he said to him , thus says jephthah : israel did n't take away the land of moab , nor the land of the children of ammon ,
the servant said , lord , it is done as you commanded , and there is still room . '
now solomon purposed to build a house for the name of yahweh , and a house for his kingdom .
gave his offering : one silver platter , the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels , one silver bowl of seventy shekels , after the shekel of the sanctuary ; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering ;
every animal , every creeping thing , and every bird , whatever moves on the earth , after their families , went forth out of the ark .
but shun foolish questionings , genealogies , strife , and disputes about the law ; for they are unprofitable and vain .
they have set up kings , but not by me . they have made princes , and i did n't approve . of their silver and their gold they have made themselves idols , that they may be cut off .
to bind their kings with chains , and their nobles with fetters of iron ;
the crowns shall be to helem , and to tobijah , and to jedaiah , and to hen the son of zephaniah , for a memorial in the temple of yahweh .
therefore i will weep with the weeping of jazer for the vine of sibmah . i will water you with my tears , heshbon , and elealeh : for on your summer fruits and on your harvest the battle shout has fallen .
and will cast them into the furnace of fire . there will be weeping and the gnashing of teeth .
woe to you , you who are full now ! for you will be hungry . woe to you who laugh now ! for you will mourn and weep .
it is changed as clay under the seal , and stands forth as a garment .
thus shall my anger be accomplished , and i will cause my wrath toward them to rest , and i shall be comforted ; and they shall know that i , yahweh , have spoken in my zeal , when i have accomplished my wrath on them .
yes , they sacrificed their sons and their daughters to demons .
i went up by revelation , and i laid before them the good news which i preach among the gentiles , but privately before those who were respected , for fear that i might be running , or had run , in vain .
for there are also many unruly men , vain talkers and deceivers , especially those of the circumcision ,
now in the things which we are saying , the main point is this . we have such a high priest , who sat down on the right hand of the throne of the majesty in the heavens ,
arise , get you to zarephath , which belongs to sidon , and dwell there : behold , i have commanded a widow there to sustain you .
the angel of yahweh appeared to him in a flame of fire out of the midst of a bush . he looked , and behold , the bush burned with fire , and the bush was not consumed .
on the twenty - fourth day of the eleventh month , which is the month shebat , in the second year of darius , the word of yahweh came to zechariah the son of berechiah , the son of iddo , the prophet , saying ,
therefore let us keep the feast , not with old yeast , neither with the yeast of malice and wickedness , but with the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth .
but jehoiada grew old and was full of days , and he died ; one hundred thirty years old was he when he died .
the kingdom and the dominion , and the greatness of the kingdoms under the whole sky , shall be given to the people of the saints of the most high : his kingdom is an everlasting kingdom , and all dominions shall serve and obey him .
for entangled like thorns , and drunken as with their drink , they are consumed utterly like dry stubble .
then he told the man , stretch out your hand . he stretched it out ; and it was restored whole , just like the other .
in the thickness of the wall of the court toward the east , before the separate place , and before the building , there were chambers .
she lived under the palm tree of deborah between ramah and bethel in the hill country of ephraim : and the children of israel came up to her for judgment .
out of the tribe of issachar , kishion with its suburbs , daberath with its suburbs ,
the captain of the guard took jeremiah , and said to him , yahweh your god pronounced this evil on this place ;
this is the word that i covenanted with you when you came out of egypt , and my spirit lived among you . do n't be afraid . '
as clouds and wind without rain , so is he who boasts of gifts deceptively .
their camels , four hundred thirty - five ; their donkeys , six thousand seven hundred and twenty .
the first creature was like a lion , and the second creature like a calf , and the third creature had a face like a man , and the fourth was like a flying eagle .
they sacrifice on the tops of the mountains , and burn incense on the hills , under oaks and poplars and terebinths , because its shade is good . therefore your daughters play the prostitute , and your brides commit adultery .
now jesus stood before the governor : and the governor asked him , saying , are you the king of the jews ? jesus said to him , so you say .
lament , mourn , and weep . let your laughter be turned to mourning , and your joy to gloom .
all who sat in the council , fastening their eyes on him , saw his face like it was the face of an angel .
concerning the prophets . my heart within me is broken , all my bones shake ; i am like a drunken man , and like a man whom wine has overcome , because of yahweh , and because of his holy words .
it shall be , when the officers have made an end of speaking to the people , that they shall appoint captains of armies at the head of the people .
make a joyful shout to god , all the earth !
heshbon cries out with elealeh . their voice is heard even to jahaz . therefore the armed men of moab cry aloud . their souls tremble within them .
but he passed away , and behold , he was not . yes , i sought him , but he could not be found .
if i say , i will forget my complaint , i will put off my sad face , and cheer up ; '
they brought up the ark of yahweh , and the tent of meeting , and all the holy vessels that were in the tent ; even these did the priests and the levites bring up .
take the sum of all the congregation of the children of israel , from twenty years old and upward , by their fathers ' houses , all who are able to go forth to war in israel .
as you would like people to do to you , do exactly so to them .
if evil come on us , the sword , judgment , or pestilence , or famine , we will stand before this house , and before you , ( for your name is in this house ) , and cry to you in our affliction , and you will hear and save .
then hear from heaven , even from your dwelling place , and do according to all that the foreigner calls to you for ; that all the peoples of the earth may know your name , and fear you , as does your people israel , and that they may know that this house which i have built is called by your name .
none is so fierce that he dare stir him up . who then is he who can stand before me ?
they therefore departed from the presence of the council , rejoicing that they were counted worthy to suffer dishonor for jesus ' name .
moses spoke to yahweh , saying ,
no , in all these things , we are more than conquerors through him who loved us .
he was very thirsty , and called on yahweh , and said , you have given this great deliverance by the hand of your servant ; and now shall i die for thirst , and fall into the hand of the uncircumcised .
of the levites , ahijah was over the treasures of the house of god , and over the treasures of the dedicated things .
the woman conceived , and bore a son . when she saw that he was a fine child , she hid him three months .
however , the most high does n't dwell in temples made with hands , as the prophet says ,
aaron took as moses spoke , and ran into the midst of the assembly ; and behold , the plague was begun among the people : and he put on the incense , and made atonement for the people .
namely , bezer in the wilderness , in the plain country , for the reubenites ; and ramoth in gilead , for the gadites ; and golan in bashan , for the manassites .
for the fortified city is solitary , a habitation deserted and forsaken , like the wilderness . the calf will feed there , and there he will lie down , and consume its branches .
all the people , even the men of war who were with him , went up , and drew near , and came before the city , and encamped on the north side of ai : now there was a valley between him and ai .
it shall be , when you are come in to the land which yahweh your god gives you for an inheritance , and possess it , and dwell therein ,
neither does one jostle another ; they march everyone in his path , and they burst through the defenses , and do n't break ranks .
behold , a prophet came near to ahab king of israel , and said , thus says yahweh , have you seen all this great multitude ? behold , i will deliver it into your hand this day ; and you shall know that i am yahweh .
because you are glad , because you rejoice , o you who plunder my heritage , because you are wanton as a heifer that treads out the grain , and neigh as strong horses ;
do n't be deceived . god is not mocked , for whatever a man sows , that he will also reap .
you shall take no ransom for him who is fled to his city of refuge , that he may come again to dwell in the land , until the death of the priest .
confuse them , lord , and confound their language , for i have seen violence and strife in the city .
for by your words you will be justified , and by your words you will be condemned .
but let the righteous be glad . let them rejoice before god . yes , let them rejoice with gladness .
he said to them , take heed what you hear . with whatever measure you measure , it will be measured to you , and more will be given to you who hear .
i will stretch over jerusalem the line of samaria , and the plummet of the house of ahab ; and i will wipe jerusalem as a man wipes a dish , wiping it and turning it upside down .
elisha said to her , what shall i do for you ? tell me ; what have you in the house ? she said , your handmaid has nothing in the house , except a pot of oil .
you also once walked in those , when you lived in them ;
there are also celestial bodies , and terrestrial bodies ; but the glory of the celestial differs from that of the terrestrial .
nevertheless my eye spared them , and i did n't destroy them , neither did i make a full end of them in the wilderness .
the border went down to the brook of kanah , southward of the brook : these cities belonged to ephraim among the cities of manasseh : and the border of manasseh was on the north side of the brook , and the goings out of it were at the sea :
for without cause they have hidden their net in a pit for me . without cause they have dug a pit for my soul .
woe to you , scribes and pharisees , hypocrites ! for you travel around by sea and land to make one proselyte ; and when he becomes one , you make him twice as much of a son of gehenna as yourselves .
in the eighth month , in the second year of darius , the word of yahweh came to zechariah the son of berechiah , the son of iddo , the prophet , saying ,
they pour out arrogant words . all the evil - doers boast .
yet i destroyed the amorite before them , whose height was like the height of the cedars , and he was strong as the oaks ; yet i destroyed his fruit from above , and his roots from beneath .
the children of the captivity did so . ezra the priest , with certain heads of fathers ' houses , after their fathers ' houses , and all of them by their names , were set apart ; and they sat down in the first day of the tenth month to examine the matter .
that i may make the voice of thanksgiving to be heard , and tell of all your wondrous works .
serve yahweh with gladness . come before his presence with singing .
therefore love the foreigner ; for you were foreigners in the land of egypt .
but they said , we will drink no wine ; for jonadab the son of rechab , our father , commanded us , saying , you shall drink no wine , neither you , nor your sons , forever :
but he , because he lives forever , has his priesthood unchangeable .
they divide my garments among them . they cast lots for my clothing .
being made free from sin , you became bondservants of righteousness .
for i testify about him , that he has great zeal for you , and for those in laodicea , and for those in hierapolis .
do n't deliver the soul of your dove to wild beasts . do n't forget the life of your poor forever .
as for man , his days are like grass . as a flower of the field , so he flourishes .
he made the lampstand of pure gold . he made the lampstand of beaten work . its base , its shaft , its cups , its buds , and its flowers were of one piece with it .
by reason of the multitude of oppressions they cry out ; they cry for help by reason of the arm of the mighty .
yahweh answered the angel who talked with me with kind and comforting words .
therefore , behold , i will cause them to know , this once will i cause them to know my hand and my might ; and they shall know that my name is yahweh .
but he said to her , you speak as one of the foolish women would speak . what ? shall we receive good at the hand of god , and shall we not receive evil ? in all this job did n't sin with his lips .
it is given to be furbished , that it may be handled : the sword , it is sharpened , yes , it is furbished , to give it into the hand of the killer .
he said , peaceably ; i am come to sacrifice to yahweh : sanctify yourselves , and come with me to the sacrifice . he sanctified jesse and his sons , and called them to the sacrifice .
give , and it will be given to you : good measure , pressed down , shaken together , and running over , will be given to you . for with the same measure you measure it will be measured back to you .
yahweh , i know that the way of man is not in himself : it is not in man who walks to direct his steps .
those who were numbered of them , of the tribe of benjamin , were thirty - five thousand four hundred .
now therefore when i come to your servant my father , and the boy is not with us ; seeing that his life is bound up in the boy 's life ;
a continual dropping on a rainy day and a contentious wife are alike :
and the sash of fine twined linen , and blue , and purple , and scarlet , the work of the embroiderer , as yahweh commanded moses .
he placed the breastplate on him ; and in the breastplate he put the urim and the thummim .
and the fourth row , a chrysolite , an onyx , and a jasper . they were enclosed in gold settings .
his disciples went out , and came into the city , and found things as he had said to them , and they prepared the passover .
they said to you that in the last time there will be mockers , walking after their own ungodly lusts .
he lifted up his eyes , and saw the wayfaring man in the street of the city ; and the old man said , where go you ? and whence come you ?
yahweh , do n't grant the desires of the wicked . do n't let their evil plans succeed , or they will become proud . selah .
the time drew near that israel must die , and he called his son joseph , and said to him , if now i have found favor in your sight , please put your hand under my thigh , and deal kindly and truly with me . please do n't bury me in egypt ,
adonijah feared because of solomon ; and he arose , and went , and caught hold on the horns of the altar .
jesus therefore answered , it is he to whom i will give this piece of bread when i have dipped it . so when he had dipped the piece of bread , he gave it to judas , the son of simon iscariot .
but that you also may know my affairs , how i am doing , tychicus , the beloved brother and faithful servant in the lord , will make known to you all things ;
then they asked him , tell us , please , for whose cause this evil is on us . what is your occupation ? where do you come from ? what is your country ? of what people are you ?
for him who knew no sin he made to be sin on our behalf ; so that in him we might become the righteousness of god .
now i will tell you what i will do to my vineyard . i will take away its hedge , and it will be eaten up . i will break down its wall of it , and it will be trampled down .
when this comes to pass , ( behold , it comes ) , then shall they know that a prophet has been among them .
his bones are full of his youth , but youth shall lie down with him in the dust .
thus were they divided impartially by drawing lots ; for there were princes of the sanctuary , and princes of god , both of the sons of eleazar , and of the sons of ithamar .
then saul said to jonathan , tell me what you have done . jonathan told him , and said , i did certainly taste a little honey with the end of the rod that was in my hand ; and behold , i must die .
this is love , that we should walk according to his commandments . this is the commandment , even as you heard from the beginning , that you should walk in it .
i brought your fathers out of egypt : and you came to the sea ; and the egyptians pursued after your fathers with chariots and with horsemen to the red sea .
he made the poles of acacia wood , and overlaid them with brass .
but mixed themselves with the nations , and learned their works .
stephen , full of faith and power , performed great wonders and signs among the people .
behold , men brought a paralyzed man on a cot , and they sought to bring him in to lay before jesus .
the princes of moab rose up , and they went to balak , and said , balaam refuses to come with us .
then jesus came with them to a place called gethsemane , and said to his disciples , sit here , while i go there and pray .
thus says yahweh , the god of israel , thus shall you tell the king of judah , who sent you to me to inquire of me : behold , pharaoh 's army , which is come forth to help you , shall return to egypt into their own land .
to titus , my true child according to a common faith : grace , mercy , and peace from god the father and the lord jesus christ our savior .
but afterward i will bring back the captivity of the children of ammon , says yahweh .
you were in eden , the garden of god ; every precious stone adorned you : ruby , topaz , emerald , chrysolite , onyx , jasper , sapphire , turquoise , and beryl . gold work of tambourines and of pipes was in you . in the day that you were created they were prepared .
moses entered into the midst of the cloud , and went up on the mountain ; and moses was on the mountain forty days and forty nights .
by this everyone will know that you are my disciples , if you have love for one another .
there will be no night , and they need no lamp light ; for the lord god will illuminate them . they will reign forever and ever .
and the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour for a meal offering , mixed with the fourth part of a hin of beaten oil .
asshur is there and all her company ; her graves are round about her ; all of them slain , fallen by the sword ;
thus says yahweh against all my evil neighbors , who touch the inheritance which i have caused my people israel to inherit : behold , i will pluck them up from off their land , and will pluck up the house of judah from among them .
the princes were angry with jeremiah , and struck him , and put him in prison in the house of jonathan the scribe ; for they had made that the prison .
he will judge the world in righteousness . he will administer judgment to the peoples in uprightness .
my bread also which i gave you , fine flour , and oil , and honey , with which i fed you , you did even set it before them for a sweet savor ; and thus it was , says the lord yahweh .
his master said to him , we wo n't turn aside into the city of a foreigner , that is not of the children of israel ; but we will pass over to gibeah .
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old shall you number them , everyone who enters on the service , to do the work of the tent of meeting .
the angel thrust his sickle into the earth , and gathered the vintage of the earth , and threw it into the great winepress of the wrath of god .
if any of your outcasts are in the uttermost parts of the heavens , from there will yahweh your god gather you , and from there he will bring you back :
at what instant i shall speak concerning a nation , and concerning a kingdom , to build and to plant it ;
if the household is worthy , let your peace come on it , but if it is n't worthy , let your peace return to you .
he said , watch out that you do n't get led astray , for many will come in my name , saying , i am , ' and , the time is at hand . ' therefore do n't follow them .
it happened after this , that the children of moab , and the children of ammon , and with them some of the ammonites , came against jehoshaphat to battle .
he said to him , bring me a heifer three years old , a female goat three years old , a ram three years old , a turtledove , and a young pigeon .
they reasoned with one another , saying , it 's because we have no bread .
he who sins is of the devil , for the devil has been sinning from the beginning . to this end the son of god was revealed , that he might destroy the works of the devil .
you shall strike every fortified city , and every choice city , and shall fell every good tree , and stop all springs of water , and mar every good piece of land with stones .
in the greatness of your excellency , you overthrow those who rise up against you : you send forth your wrath . it consumes them as stubble .
they have turned aside quickly out of the way which i commanded them . they have made themselves a molten calf , and have worshiped it , and have sacrificed to it , and said , these are your gods , israel , which brought you up out of the land of egypt . '
god is our refuge and strength , a very present help in trouble .
there is salvation in none other , for neither is there any other name under heaven , that is given among men , by which we must be saved !
the lamp of the body is the eye . therefore when your eye is good , your whole body is also full of light ; but when it is evil , your body also is full of darkness .
those who fled stand without strength under the shadow of heshbon ; for a fire is gone forth out of heshbon , and a flame from the midst of sihon , and has devoured the corner of moab , and the crown of the head of the tumultuous ones .
it happened , when i , even i daniel , had seen the vision , that i sought to understand it ; and behold , there stood before me as the appearance of a man .
but above all things , my brothers , do n't swear , neither by heaven , nor by the earth , nor by any other oath ; but let your yes be yes , and your no , no ; so that you do n't fall into hypocrisy .
they shall know that i am yahweh their god , in that i caused them to go into captivity among the nations , and have gathered them to their own land ; and i will leave none of them any more there ;
but do n't be far off , yahweh . you are my help : hurry to help me .
it happened in the morning that his spirit was troubled , and he sent and called for all of egypt 's magicians and wise men . pharaoh told them his dreams , but there was no one who could interpret them to pharaoh .
simon peter answered him , lord , to whom would we go ? you have the words of eternal life .
see if there is any wicked way in me , and lead me in the everlasting way .
the voice of my beloved ! behold , he comes , leaping on the mountains , skipping on the hills .
it happened in the eleventh year , in the first month , in the seventh day of the month , that the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
a noise shall come even to the end of the earth ; for yahweh has a controversy with the nations ; he will enter into judgment with all flesh : as for the wicked , he will give them to the sword , says yahweh .
he had also seven sons and three daughters .
seeing that many boast after the flesh , i will also boast .
now hannah , she spoke in her heart ; only her lips moved , but her voice was not heard : therefore eli thought she had been drunken .
do n't stand in the crossroads to cut off those of his who escape . do n't deliver up those of his who remain in the day of distress .
the children also of his servants shall inherit it . those who love his name shall dwell therein .
all the cities of the families of the rest of the children of kohath were ten with their suburbs .
can a man be profitable to god ? surely he who is wise is profitable to himself .
it happened , when rachel had borne joseph , that jacob said to laban , send me away , that i may go to my own place , and to my country .
and to carry the silver and gold , which the king and his counselors have freely offered to the god of israel , whose habitation is in jerusalem ,
teaching them to observe all things that i commanded you . behold , i am with you always , even to the end of the age . amen .
he told her all his heart , and said to her , no razor has ever come on my head ; for i have been a nazirite to god from my mother 's womb . if i am shaved , then my strength will go from me , and i will become weak , and be like any other man .
he who overcomes will be arrayed in white garments , and i will in no way blot his name out of the book of life , and i will confess his name before my father , and before his angels .
all the brothers greet you . greet one another with a holy kiss .
israel said , why did you treat me so badly , telling the man that you had another brother ?
you shall break them with a rod of iron . you shall dash them in pieces like a potter 's vessel .
if i ascend up into heaven , you are there . if i make my bed in sheol , behold , you are there !
a voice was heard in ramah , lamentation , weeping and great mourning , rachel weeping for her children ; she would n't be comforted , because they are no more .
his brothers saw that their father loved him more than all his brothers , and they hated him , and could n't speak peaceably to him .
then ahimelech answered the king , and said , who among all your servants is so faithful as david , who is the king 's son - in - law , and is taken into your council , and is honorable in your house ?
does he who plows to sow plow continually ? does he keep turning the soil and breaking the clods ?
david also took ahinoam of jezreel ; and they became both of them his wives .
moses led the people out of the camp to meet god ; and they stood at the lower part of the mountain .
he shall kill it on the north side of the altar before yahweh . aaron 's sons , the priests , shall sprinkle its blood around on the altar .
his daughter was sheerah , who built beth horon the lower and the upper , and uzzen sheerah .
paul , a prisoner of christ jesus , and timothy our brother , to philemon , our beloved fellow worker ,
you have plowed wickedness . you have reaped iniquity . you have eaten the fruit of lies , for you trusted in your way , in the multitude of your mighty men .
then moses and aaron fell on their faces before all the assembly of the congregation of the children of israel .
why do the nations rage , and the peoples plot a vain thing ?
for you know that even when he afterward desired to inherit the blessing , he was rejected , for he found no place for a change of mind though he sought it diligently with tears .
the burden of tyre . howl , you ships of tarshish ! for it is laid waste , so that there is no house , no entering in . from the land of kittim it is revealed to them .
the jews therefore said , will he kill himself , that he says , where i am going , you ca n't come ? '
and with you will i break in pieces the shepherd and his flock ; and with you will i break in pieces the farmer and his yoke of oxen ; and with you will i break in pieces governors and deputies .
and i will bring you into the wilderness of the peoples , and there will i enter into judgment with you face to face .
the high priest said , are these things so ?
for the lord had made the army of the syrians to hear a noise of chariots , and a noise of horses , even the noise of a great army : and they said one to another , behold , the king of israel has hired against us the kings of the hittites , and the kings of the egyptians , to come on us .
his division , and those who were numbered of them , were fifty - nine thousand three hundred .
suddenly there was a great earthquake , so that the foundations of the prison were shaken ; and immediately all the doors were opened , and everyone 's bonds were loosened .
the seven priests bearing the seven trumpets of rams ' horns before the ark of yahweh went on continually , and blew the trumpets : and the armed men went before them ; and the rearward came after the ark of yahweh , the priests blowing the trumpets as they went .
for most assuredly , i tell you , until heaven and earth pass away , not even one smallest letter or one tiny pen stroke shall in any way pass away from the law , until all things are accomplished .
the king of egypt said to them , why do you , moses and aaron , take the people from their work ? get back to your burdens !
it had been revealed to him by the holy spirit that he should not see death before he had seen the lord 's christ .
fathers , do n't provoke your children , so that they wo n't be discouraged .
and you shall offer for the drink offering half a hin of wine , for an offering made by fire , of a sweet savor to yahweh .
for , behold , they have gone away from destruction . egypt will gather them up . memphis will bury them . nettles will possess their pleasant things of silver . thorns will be in their tents .
i am indeed a jew , born in tarsus of cilicia , but brought up in this city at the feet of gamaliel , instructed according to the strict manner of the law of our fathers , being zealous for god , even as you all are this day .
it happened that when jesus had finished directing his twelve disciples , he departed from there to teach and preach in their cities .
a certain centurion 's servant , who was dear to him , was sick and at the point of death .
yahweh said to moses , tell aaron , take your rod , and stretch out your hand over the waters of egypt , over their rivers , over their streams , and over their pools , and over all their ponds of water , that they may become blood ; and there shall be blood throughout all the land of egypt , both in vessels of wood and in vessels of stone . '
david said to all his servants who were with him at jerusalem , arise , and let us flee ; for else none of us shall escape from absalom : make speed to depart , lest he overtake us quickly , and bring down evil on us , and strike the city with the edge of the sword .
be it known therefore to you , that the salvation of god is sent to the nations . they will also listen .
woe to you , land , when your king is a child , and your princes eat in the morning !
he fell on his face at jesus ' feet , giving him thanks ; and he was a samaritan .
your lips are like scarlet thread . your mouth is lovely . your temples are like a piece of a pomegranate behind your veil .
is it at your command that the eagle mounts up , and makes his nest on high ?
you fathers , do n't provoke your children to wrath , but nurture them in the discipline and instruction of the lord .
after this thing jeroboam did n't return from his evil way , but made again from among all the people priests of the high places : whoever would , he consecrated him , that there might be priests of the high places .
then i will establish the throne of your kingdom , according as i covenanted with david your father , saying , there shall not fail you a man to be ruler in israel .
do n't eat the food of him who has a stingy eye , and do n't crave his delicacies :
all flying insects that walk on all fours are an abomination to you .
isaiah said , take a cake of figs . they took and laid it on the boil , and he recovered .
he said to them , it is n't for you to know times or seasons which the father has set within his own authority .
until yahweh give rest to your brothers , as to you , and they also possess the land which yahweh your god gives them beyond the jordan : then shall you return every man to his possession , which i have given you .
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
for whoever shall keep the whole law , and yet stumble in one point , he has become guilty of all .
circumcision is nothing , and uncircumcision is nothing , but the keeping of the commandments of god .
then answered they and said before the king , that daniel , who is of the children of the captivity of judah , does n't regard you , o king , nor the interdict that you have signed , but makes his petition three times a day .
to him who made the great lights ; for his loving kindness endures forever :
this is the history of the generations of noah . noah was a righteous man , blameless among the people of his time . noah walked with god .
she spoke to him according to these words , saying , the hebrew servant , whom you have brought to us , came in to me to mock me ,
in those days , while mordecai was sitting in the king 's gate , two of the king 's chamberlains , bigthan and teresh , of those who kept the threshold , were angry , and sought to lay hands on the king ahasuerus .
pharaoh said , behold , the people of the land are now many , and you make them rest from their burdens .
he also drove out the nations before them , allotted them for an inheritance by line , and made the tribes of israel to dwell in their tents .
the grace of our lord jesus christ be with your spirit . amen .
yahweh said to moses , when you go back into egypt , see that you do before pharaoh all the wonders which i have put in your hand , but i will harden his heart and he will not let the people go .
her nobles were purer than snow , they were whiter than milk ; they were more ruddy in body than rubies , their polishing was as of sapphire .
concerning jehoiakim king of judah you shall say , thus says yahweh : you have burned this scroll , saying , why have you written therein , saying , the king of babylon shall certainly come and destroy this land , and shall cause to cease from there man and animal ?
yahweh said to joshua , get you up ; why are you thus fallen on your face ?
in that hour the disciples came to jesus , saying , who then is greatest in the kingdom of heaven ?
for your arrows have pierced me , your hand presses hard on me .
he went with him , and a great multitude followed him , and they pressed upon him on all sides .
he overlaid also the house , the beams , the thresholds , and the walls of it , and the doors of it , with gold ; and engraved cherubim on the walls .
for thus says yahweh , behold , i will sling out the inhabitants of the land at this time , and will distress them , that they may feel it .
that your days may be multiplied , and the days of your children , in the land which yahweh swore to your fathers to give them , as the days of the heavens above the earth .
rehoboam went to shechem ; for all israel were come to shechem to make him king .
go you , inquire of yahweh for me , and for the people , and for all judah , concerning the words of this book that is found ; for great is the wrath of yahweh that is kindled against us , because our fathers have not listened to the words of this book , to do according to all that which is written concerning us .
how he entered into the house of god when abiathar was high priest , and ate the show bread , which it is not lawful to eat except for the priests , and gave also to those who were with him ?
and their meal offering , fine flour mixed with oil , three tenth parts for every bull of the thirteen bulls , two tenth parts for each ram of the two rams ,
demetrius has the testimony of all , and of the truth itself ; yes , we also testify , and you know that our testimony is true .
if now you have understanding , hear this . listen to the voice of my words .
let my tongue sing of your word , for all your commandments are righteousness .
he said , do n't lay your hand on the boy , neither do anything to him . for now i know that you fear god , seeing you have not withheld your son , your only son , from me .
preaching boldly in the name of the lord . he spoke and disputed against the hellenists , but they were seeking to kill him .
and i will clothe him with your robe , and strengthen him with your belt . i will commit your government into his hand ; and he will be a father to the inhabitants of jerusalem , and to the house of judah .
and they entered into the boat , and were going over the sea to capernaum . it was now dark , and jesus had not come to them .
their father said to them , which way did he go ? now his sons had seen which way the man of god went , who came from judah .
behold , i come quickly . blessed is he who keeps the words of the prophecy of this book .
moses turned , and went down from the mountain , with the two tablets of the testimony in his hand ; tablets that were written on both their sides ; on the one side and on the other they were written .
great is yahweh , and greatly to be praised ! his greatness is unsearchable .
my dwelling is removed , and is carried away from me like a shepherd 's tent . i have rolled up , like a weaver , my life . he will cut me off from the loom . from day even to night you will make an end of me .
jesus said to him , you shall love the lord your god with all your heart , and with all your soul , and with all your mind . '
azariah the priest went in after him , and with him eighty priests of yahweh , who were valiant men :
saul said , cast lots between me and jonathan my son . jonathan was taken .
remove your scourge away from me . i am overcome by the blow of your hand .
there the centurion found a ship of alexandria sailing for italy , and he put us on board .
the children of israel shall pitch their tents , every man by his own camp , and every man by his own standard , according to their divisions .
therefore the children of israel do n't eat the sinew of the hip , which is on the hollow of the thigh , to this day , because he touched the hollow of jacob 's thigh in the sinew of the hip .
then hezekiah commanded to prepare chambers in the house of yahweh ; and they prepared them .
saying , what do you think of the christ ? whose son is he ? they said to him , of david .
i have therefore my boasting in christ jesus in things pertaining to god .
those who were numbered of them , of the tribe of naphtali , were fifty - three thousand four hundred .
so my heavenly father will also do to you , if you do n't each forgive your brother from your hearts for his misdeeds .
the waters receded from the earth continually . after the end of one hundred fifty days the waters decreased .
then justice will dwell in the wilderness ; and righteousness will remain in the fruitful field .
knowing that the putting off of my tent comes swiftly , even as our lord jesus christ made clear to me .
the king answered , i know of a certainty that you would gain time , because you see the thing is gone from me .
how the christ must suffer , and how , by the resurrection of the dead , he would be first to proclaim light both to these people and to the gentiles .
but you , brothers , do n't be weary in doing well .
the egyptians pursued after them : all the horses and chariots of pharaoh , his horsemen , and his army ; and overtook them encamping by the sea , beside pihahiroth , before baal zephon .
in the twenty - fourth day of the month , in the sixth month , in the second year of darius the king .
and they shall bring the glory and the honor of the nations into it so that they may enter .
know this for sure , that no sexually immoral person , nor unclean person , nor covetous man , who is an idolater , has any inheritance in the kingdom of christ and god .
nor can they prove to you the things of which they now accuse me .
for thus says the lord yahweh : i will bring up a company against them , and will give them to be tossed back and forth and robbed .
he took him into the field of zophim , to the top of pisgah , and built seven altars , and offered up a bull and a ram on every altar .
so you also have some who hold to the teaching of the nicolaitans likewise .
moses commanded the children of israel according to the word of yahweh , saying , the tribe of the sons of joseph speaks right .
whoever robs his father or his mother , and says , it 's not wrong . he is a partner with a destroyer .
therefore we said , let us now prepare to build us an altar , not for burnt offering , nor for sacrifice :
salvation belongs to yahweh . your blessing be on your people . selah .
and saying , if you are the king of the jews , save yourself !
when i came to you , brothers , i did n't come with excellence of speech or of wisdom , proclaiming to you the testimony of god .
she hurried , and emptied her pitcher into the trough , and ran again to the well to draw , and drew for all his camels .
moses wrote their goings out according to their journeys by the commandment of yahweh : and these are their journeys according to their goings out .
when you go , your steps will not be hampered . when you run , you will not stumble .
i will put forth my hand and strike egypt with all my wonders which i will do in the midst of it , and after that he will let you go .
the captain of the guard took seraiah the chief priest , and zephaniah the second priest , and the three keepers of the threshold :
another angel came out from the temple , crying with a loud voice to him who sat on the cloud , send forth your sickle , and reap ; for the hour to reap has come ; for the harvest of the earth is ripe !
beside the gates , at the entry of the city , at the entry doors , she cries aloud :
in that time , a present will be brought to yahweh of armies from a people tall and smooth , even from a people awesome from their beginning onward , a nation that measures out and treads down , whose land the rivers divide , to the place of the name of yahweh of armies , mount zion .
they shall go forth , and look on the dead bodies of the men who have transgressed against me : for their worm shall not die , neither shall their fire be quenched ; and they shall be an abhorring to all flesh .
be glad in yahweh , you righteous people ! give thanks to his holy name .
pay attention to him , and listen to his voice . do n't provoke him , for he will not pardon your disobedience , for my name is in him .
but let your yes ' be yes ' and your no ' be no . ' whatever is more than these is of the evil one .
for thus says yahweh : david shall never want a man to sit on the throne of the house of israel ;
but of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil , you shall not eat of it ; for in the day that you eat of it you will surely die .
but i will sing of your strength . yes , i will sing aloud of your loving kindness in the morning . for you have been my high tower , a refuge in the day of my distress .
you are wearied in the multitude of your counsels : let now the astrologers , the stargazers , the monthly prognosticators , stand up , and save you from the things that shall come on you .
he said , i saw all israel scattered on the mountains , as sheep that have no shepherd : and yahweh said , these have no master ; let them return every man to his house in peace .
you shall hang up the veil under the clasps , and shall bring the ark of the testimony in there within the veil : and the veil shall separate the holy place from the most holy for you .
one who winks his eyes to plot perversities , one who compresses his lips , is bent on evil .
korah assembled all the congregation against them to the door of the tent of meeting : and the glory of yahweh appeared to all the congregation .
the sea coast will be pastures , with cottages for shepherds and folds for flocks .
joshua the son of nun was full of the spirit of wisdom ; for moses had laid his hands on him : and the children of israel listened to him , and did as yahweh commanded moses .
god has spoken once , twice i have heard this , that power belongs to god .
therefore turn to your god . keep kindness and justice , and wait continually for your god .
for their rock is not as our rock , even our enemies themselves being judges .
judah said to israel , his father , send the boy with me , and we 'll get up and go , so that we may live , and not die , both we , and you , and also our little ones .
they brought horses for solomon out of egypt , and out of all lands .
for david did n't ascend into the heavens , but he says himself , the lord said to my lord , sit by my right hand ,
to timothy , my beloved child : grace , mercy , and peace , from god the father and christ jesus our lord .
now in return , i speak as to my children , you also be open wide .
shall they not teach you , tell you , and utter words out of their heart ?
i heard one speaking to me out of the house ; and a man stood by me .
many waters ca n't quench love , neither can floods drown it . if a man would give all the wealth of his house for love , he would be utterly scorned . friends
one young bull , one ram , one male lamb a year old , for a burnt offering ;
vindicate me , yahweh my god , according to your righteousness ; do n't let them gloat over me .
under their hand was an army , three hundred thousand and seven thousand and five hundred , who made war with mighty power , to help the king against the enemy .
but it happened , when nebuchadnezzar king of babylon came up into the land , that we said , come , and let us go to jerusalem for fear of the army of the chaldeans , and for fear of the army of the syrians ; so we dwell at jerusalem .
i know your works , oppression , and your poverty ( but you are rich ) , and the blasphemy of those who say they are jews , and they are not , but are a synagogue of satan .
cursed be he who does n't confirm the words of this law to do them . all the people shall say , amen .
when the children of ammon saw that they were become odious to david , the children of ammon sent and hired the syrians of beth rehob , and the syrians of zobah , twenty thousand footmen , and the king of maacah with one thousand men , and the men of tob twelve thousand men .
son of man , because tyre has said against jerusalem , aha , she is broken : the gate of the peoples ; she is turned to me ; i shall be replenished , now that she is laid waste :
he offered for his offering : one silver platter , the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels , one silver bowl of seventy shekels , after the shekel of the sanctuary ; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering ;
praise yahweh , jerusalem ! praise your god , zion !
but woe to those who are with child and to those who nurse babies in those days !
like a fluttering sparrow , like a darting swallow , so the undeserved curse does n't come to rest .
he who is truthful testifies honestly , but a false witness lies .
my skin grows black and peels from me . my bones are burned with heat .
for whoever finds me , finds life , and will obtain favor from yahweh .
over the king 's treasures was azmaveth the son of adiel : and over the treasures in the fields , in the cities , and in the villages , and in the towers , was jonathan the son of uzziah :
all the people went to gilgal ; and there they made saul king before yahweh in gilgal ; and there they offered sacrifices of peace offerings before yahweh ; and there saul and all the men of israel rejoiced greatly .
have n't you poured me out like milk , and curdled me like cheese ?
for it was of yahweh to harden their hearts , to come against israel in battle , that he might utterly destroy them , that they might have no favor , but that he might destroy them , as yahweh commanded moses .
but you said , no , for we will flee on horses ; therefore you will flee ; and , we will ride on the swift ; therefore those who pursue you will be swift .
yahweh , your hand is lifted up , yet they do n't see ; but they will see your zeal for the people , and be disappointed . yes , fire will consume your adversaries .
unleavened bread , unleavened cakes mixed with oil , and unleavened wafers anointed with oil : you shall make them of fine wheat flour .
even as jannes and jambres opposed moses , so do these also oppose the truth ; men corrupted in mind , reprobate concerning the faith .
for ships of kittim shall come against him ; therefore he shall be grieved , and shall return , and have indignation against the holy covenant , and shall do his pleasure : he shall even return , and have regard to those who forsake the holy covenant .
but you will go to your fathers in peace . you will be buried in a good old age .
out of the spoil won in battles did they dedicate to repair the house of yahweh .
he called for lights and sprang in , and , fell down trembling before paul and silas ,
the fifth angel sounded , and i saw a star from the sky which had fallen to the earth . the key to the pit of the abyss was given to him .
so david rose up early , he and his men , to depart in the morning , to return into the land of the philistines . the philistines went up to jezreel .
a great sign was seen in heaven : a woman clothed with the sun , and the moon under her feet , and on her head a crown of twelve stars .
that you may eat and drink at my table in my kingdom . you will sit on thrones , judging the twelve tribes of israel .
the earthen vessel , which he who has the discharge touches , shall be broken ; and every vessel of wood shall be rinsed in water .
command you the people , saying , you are to pass through the border of your brothers the children of esau , who dwell in seir ; and they will be afraid of you : take good heed to yourselves therefore ;
for i know my transgressions . my sin is constantly before me .
thus says yahweh , the god of israel , behold , i will turn back the weapons of war that are in your hands , with which you fight against the king of babylon , and against the chaldeans who besiege you , without the walls ; and i will gather them into the midst of this city .
hear my prayer , yahweh ! let my cry come to you .
so pursue them with your tempest , and terrify them with your storm .
he said these things , and after that , he said to them , our friend , lazarus , has fallen asleep , but i am going so that i may awake him out of sleep .
then men shall say , because they forsook the covenant of yahweh , the god of their fathers , which he made with them when he brought them forth out of the land of egypt ,
now therefore do n't hold him guiltless , for you are a wise man ; and you will know what you ought to do to him , and you shall bring his gray head down to sheol with blood .
the sons of gad lived over against them , in the land of bashan to salecah :
but jonathan did n't hear when his father charged the people with the oath : therefore he put forth the end of the rod who was in his hand , and dipped it in the honeycomb , and put his hand to his mouth ; and his eyes were enlightened .
if then god gave to them the same gift as us , when we believed in the lord jesus christ , who was i , that i could withstand god ?
you were dead through your trespasses and the uncircumcision of your flesh . he made you alive together with him , having forgiven us all our trespasses ,
you shall fall by the sword ; i will judge you in the border of israel ; and you shall know that i am yahweh .
love is patient and is kind ; love does n't envy . love does n't brag , is not proud ,
you shall teach them the statutes and the laws , and shall show them the way in which they must walk , and the work that they must do .
when the mourning was past , david sent and took her home to his house , and she became his wife , and bore him a son . but the thing that david had done displeased yahweh .
the messenger said to david , the men prevailed against us , and came out to us into the field , and we were on them even to the entrance of the gate .
for the earth bears fruit : first the blade , then the ear , then the full grain in the ear .
they were willing therefore to receive him into the boat . immediately the boat was at the land where they were going .
but i tell you that elijah has come , and they have also done to him whatever they wanted to , even as it is written about him .
hushai said moreover , you know your father and his men , that they are mighty men , and they are fierce in their minds , as a bear robbed of her cubs in the field ; and your father is a man of war , and will not lodge with the people .
your father made our yoke grievous : now therefore make you the grievous service of your father , and his heavy yoke which he put on us , lighter , and we will serve you .
neither with you only do i make this covenant and this oath ,
but he answered them , when it is evening , you say , it will be fair weather , for the sky is red . '
thus were the travels of the children of israel according to their armies ; and they set forward .
do n't neglect the gift that is in you , which was given to you by prophecy , with the laying on of the hands of the elders .
in time of security shall he come even on the fattest places of the province ; and he shall do that which his fathers have not done , nor his fathers ' fathers ; he shall scatter among them prey , and spoil , and substance : yes , he shall devise his devices against the strongholds , even for a time .
moses answered them , wait , that i may hear what yahweh will command concerning you .
jeroboam said to his wife , please get up and disguise yourself , that you not be known to be the wife of jeroboam ; and get you to shiloh : behold , there is ahijah the prophet , who spoke concerning me that i should be king over this people .
and desiring to be fed with the crumbs that fell from the rich man 's table . yes , even the dogs came and licked his sores .
azariah the chief priest , of the house of zadok , answered him and said , since the people began to bring the offerings into the house of yahweh , we have eaten and had enough , and have left plenty : for yahweh has blessed his people ; and that which is left is this great store .
that i may give wealth to those who love me . i fill their treasuries .
how then would the scriptures be fulfilled that it must be so ?
they are all plain to him who understands , right to those who find knowledge .
now therefore , if it seem good to the king , let there be search made in the king 's treasure house , which is there at babylon , whether it be so , that a decree was made of cyrus the king to build this house of god at jerusalem ; and let the king send his pleasure to us concerning this matter .
if we say that we have no sin , we deceive ourselves , and the truth is not in us .
the sun will not harm you by day , nor the moon by night .
the mountains quake before him , and the hills melt away . the earth trembles at his presence , yes , the world , and all who dwell in it .
why should you be beaten more , that you revolt more and more ? the whole head is sick , and the whole heart faint .
you shall eat , but not be satisfied . your humiliation will be in your midst . you will store up , but not save ; and that which you save i will give up to the sword .
yahweh has commanded concerning you : no more descendants will bear your name . out of the house of your gods , will i cut off the engraved image and the molten image . i will make your grave , for you are vile .
he brought in the priests and the levites , and gathered them together into the broad place on the east ,
as yahweh commanded moses , so he numbered them in the wilderness of sinai .
let the stars of the twilight of it be dark . let it look for light , but have none , neither let it see the eyelids of the morning ,
it shall happen in the latter days , that the mountain of yahweh 's house shall be established on the top of the mountains , and shall be raised above the hills ; and all nations shall flow to it .
let every wise - hearted man among you come , and make all that yahweh has commanded :
do you open your eyes on such a one , and bring me into judgment with you ?
and you shall keep it until the fourteenth day of the same month ; and the whole assembly of the congregation of israel shall kill it at evening .
yahweh saw that leah was hated , and he opened her womb , but rachel was barren .
if you walk contrary to me , and wo n't listen to me , then i will bring seven times more plagues on you according to your sins .
we 'll find all valuable wealth . we 'll fill our houses with spoil .
and because you are children , god sent out the spirit of his son into your hearts , crying , abba , father !
a wild donkey used to the wilderness , that snuffs up the wind in her desire ; in her occasion who can turn her away ? all those who seek her will not weary themselves ; in her month they shall find her .
it was told him by some saying , your mother and your brothers stand outside , desiring to see you .
the king 's favor is toward a servant who deals wisely , but his wrath is toward one who causes shame .
the father of circumcision to those who not only are of the circumcision , but who also walk in the steps of that faith of our father abraham , which he had in uncircumcision .
his servants conspired against him , and put him to death in his own house .
my enemies reproach me all day . those who are mad at me use my name as a curse .
because of your indignation and your wrath , for you have taken me up , and thrown me away .
only you shall not eat the blood ; you shall pour it out on the earth as water .
believe me that i am in the father , and the father in me ; or else believe me for the very works ' sake .
he who sent me is with me . the father has n't left me alone , for i always do the things that are pleasing to him .
observe that which i command you this day . behold , i drive out before you the amorite , the canaanite , the hittite , the perizzite , the hivite , and the jebusite .
he who loves father or mother more than me is not worthy of me ; and he who loves son or daughter more than me is n't worthy of me .
let us make , please , a little chamber on the wall ; and let us set for him there a bed , and a table , and a seat , and a lamp stand : and it shall be , when he comes to us , that he shall turn in there .
the sons of the prophets who were at bethel came forth to elisha , and said to him , do you know that yahweh will take away your master from your head today ? he said , yes , i know it ; hold your peace .
it is better that you should not vow , than that you should vow and not pay .
then answered david and said to ahimelech the hittite , and to abishai the son of zeruiah , brother to joab , saying , who will go down with me to saul to the camp ? abishai said , i will go down with you .
but i worked for my name 's sake , that it should not be profaned in the sight of the nations , in whose sight i brought them out .
will you show partiality to him ? will you contend for god ?
do n't be deceived , my beloved brothers .
for the mind of the flesh is death , but the mind of the spirit is life and peace ;
on that day yahweh magnified joshua in the sight of all israel ; and they feared him , as they feared moses , all the days of his life .
slanderous men have been in you to shed blood ; and in you they have eaten on the mountains : in the midst of you they have committed lewdness .
when they were by jebus , the day was far spent ; and the servant said to his master , please come and let us turn aside into this city of the jebusites , and lodge in it .
in the fullness of his sufficiency , distress shall overtake him : the hand of everyone who is in misery shall come on him .
from there he went against the inhabitants of debir . ( now the name of debir before was kiriath sepher . )
he said to me , write , blessed are those who are invited to the marriage supper of the lamb . ' he said to me , these are true words of god .
this we will do to them , and let them live ; lest wrath be on us , because of the oath which we swore to them .
he went and joined himself to one of the citizens of that country , and he sent him into his fields to feed pigs .
others , mocking , said , they are filled with new wine .
i said to her , you shall stay with me many days . you shall not play the prostitute , and you shall not be with any other man . i will also be so toward you .
therefore he was obligated in all things to be made like his brothers , that he might become a merciful and faithful high priest in things pertaining to god , to make atonement for the sins of the people .
none of them can by any means redeem his brother , nor give god a ransom for him .
when it was day , he called his disciples , and from them he chose twelve , whom he also named apostles :
while they see for you false visions , while they divine lies to you , to lay you on the necks of the wicked who are deadly wounded , whose day is come in the time of the iniquity of the end .
with absalom went two hundred men out of jerusalem , who were invited , and went in their simplicity ; and they did n't know anything .
however he does n't mean so , neither does his heart think so ; but it is in his heart to destroy , and to cut off not a few nations .
house and riches are an inheritance from fathers , but a prudent wife is from yahweh .
now , israel , what does yahweh your god require of you , but to fear yahweh your god , to walk in all his ways , and to love him , and to serve yahweh your god with all your heart and with all your soul ,
if he brings a lamb as his offering for a sin offering , he shall bring a female without blemish .
he said , i have observed all these things from my youth up .
in the latter time of their kingdom , when the transgressors are come to the full , a king of fierce face , and understanding dark sentences , shall stand up .
they came to jerusalem with psalteries and harps and trumpets to the house of yahweh .
but now , brothers , if i come to you speaking with other languages , what would i profit you , unless i speak to you either by way of revelation , or of knowledge , or of prophesying , or of teaching ?
would your wealth sustain you in distress , or all the might of your strength ?
all the people who were in the city were called together to pursue after them : and they pursued after joshua , and were drawn away from the city .
jacob traveled to succoth , built himself a house , and made shelters for his livestock . therefore the name of the place is called succoth .
and said to them , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , to whom you sent me to present your supplication before him :
they said one to another , we are certainly guilty concerning our brother , in that we saw the distress of his soul , when he begged us , and we would n't listen . therefore this distress has come upon us .
when the jubilee of the children of israel shall be , then will their inheritance be added to the inheritance of the tribe whereunto they shall belong : so will their inheritance be taken away from the inheritance of the tribe of our fathers .
all the cities which you shall give to the levites shall be forty - eight cities ; them shall you give with their suburbs .
then came the word of yahweh to jeremiah , saying ,
neither is it beyond the sea , that you should say , who shall go over the sea for us , and bring it to us , and make us to hear it , that we may do it ?
he who observes the day , observes it to the lord ; and he who does not observe the day , to the lord he does not observe it . he who eats , eats to the lord , for he gives god thanks . he who does n't eat , to the lord he does n't eat , and gives god thanks .
if someone ventures to talk with you , will you be grieved ? but who can withhold himself from speaking ?
and the body of jezebel shall be as dung on the face of the field in the portion of jezreel , so that they shall not say , this is jezebel .
but the man who touches them must be armed with iron and the staff of a spear : they shall be utterly burned with fire in their place
my son , let them not depart from your eyes . keep sound wisdom and discretion :
for he does not afflict willingly , nor grieve the children of men .
to me , the very least of all saints , was this grace given , to preach to the gentiles the unsearchable riches of christ ,
accept , i beg you , the willing offerings of my mouth . yahweh , teach me your ordinances .
i make a decree , that in all the dominion of my kingdom men tremble and fear before the god of daniel ; for he is the living god , and steadfast forever , his kingdom that which shall not be destroyed ; and his dominion shall be even to the end .
when she had brought them near to him to eat , he took hold of her , and said to her , come , lie with me , my sister .
when he has made her drink the water , then it shall happen , if she is defiled , and has committed a trespass against her husband , that the water that causes the curse will enter into her and become bitter , and her body will swell , and her thigh will fall away : and the woman will be a curse among her people .
now there were with us seven brothers . the first married and died , and having no seed left his wife to his brother .
at the return of the year king nebuchadnezzar sent , and brought him to babylon , with the goodly vessels of the house of yahweh , and made zedekiah his brother king over judah and jerusalem .
the anger of yahweh shall not return , until he has executed , and until he have performed the intents of his heart : in the latter days you shall understand it perfectly .
most assuredly i tell you , whatever things you will bind on earth will be have been bound in heaven , and whatever things you will release on earth will have been released in heaven .
let the house of aaron now say that his loving kindness endures forever .
moses said to the judges of israel , kill you everyone his men who have joined themselves to baal peor .
he has put in his heart that he may teach , both he , and oholiab , the son of ahisamach , of the tribe of dan .
because of this , he must offer sacrifices for sins for the people , as well as for himself .
why did the knees receive me ? or why the breast , that i should suck ?
yes , while i was speaking in prayer , the man gabriel , whom i had seen in the vision at the beginning , being caused to fly swiftly , touched me about the time of the evening offering .
let brotherly love continue .
they shall no more sacrifice their sacrifices to the goat idols , after which they play the prostitute . this shall be a statute forever to them throughout their generations . '
who can bring a clean thing out of an unclean ? not one .
sorrowing most of all because of the word which he had spoken , that they should see his face no more . and they accompanied him to the ship .
his division , and those who were numbered of them , were seventy - four thousand six hundred .
he said to me , son of man , see you what they do ? even the great abominations that the house of israel do commit here , that i should go far off from my sanctuary ? but you shall again see yet other great abominations .
since the world began it has never been heard of that anyone opened the eyes of someone born blind .
moses said , consecrate yourselves today to yahweh , yes , every man against his son , and against his brother ; that he may bestow on you a blessing this day .
the watchman said , the morning comes , and also the night . if you will inquire , inquire . come back again .
the sun to rule by day ; for his loving kindness endures forever ;
in that day , says yahweh , there will be the noise of a cry from the fish gate , a wailing from the second quarter , and a great crashing from the hills .
i will open rivers on the bare heights , and springs in the midst of the valleys . i will make the wilderness a pool of water , and the dry land springs of water .
i will remember yah 's deeds ; for i will remember your wonders of old .
now therefore know and consider what you will do ; for evil is determined against our master , and against all his house : for he is such a worthless fellow that one ca n't speak to him .
so jehu the son of jehoshaphat the son of nimshi conspired against joram . ( now joram was keeping ramoth gilead , he and all israel , because of hazael king of syria ;
for the ways of man are before the eyes of yahweh . he examines all his paths .
nevertheless they did n't depart from the sins of the house of jeroboam , with which he made israel to sin , but walked therein : and there remained the asherah also in samaria . )
then came jeremiah from topheth , where yahweh had sent him to prophesy ; and he stood in the court of yahweh 's house , and said to all the people :
the children of benjamin did so , and took them wives , according to their number , of those who danced , whom they carried off : and they went and returned to their inheritance , and built the cities , and lived in them .
on the fourth day ten bulls , two rams , fourteen male lambs a year old without blemish ;
he said to them , lodge here this night , and i will bring you word again , as yahweh shall speak to me : and the princes of moab abode with balaam .
you shall not oppress a hired servant who is poor and needy , whether he be of your brothers , or of your foreigners who are in your land within your gates :
but he , turning around , and seeing his disciples , rebuked peter , and said , get behind me , satan ! for you have in mind not the things of god , but the things of men .
but we ourselves will be ready armed to go before the children of israel , until we have brought them to their place : and our little ones shall dwell in the fortified cities because of the inhabitants of the land .
judah said to his brothers , what profit is it if we kill our brother and conceal his blood ?
the jordan was the border of it on the east quarter . this was the inheritance of the children of benjamin , by the borders of it round about , according to their families .
for thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel : houses and fields and vineyards shall yet again be bought in this land .
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old , everyone who entered in to do the work of service , and the work of bearing burdens in the tent of meeting ,
by this was god 's love revealed in us , that god has sent his one and only son into the world that we might live through him .
and with you will i break in pieces the horse and his rider ;
he shall burn the garment , whether the warp or the woof , in wool or in linen , or anything of skin , in which the plague is : for it is a destructive mildew . it shall be burned in the fire .
and the cloth that had been on his head , not lying with the linen cloths , but rolled up in a place by itself .
but when he saw many of the pharisees and sadducees coming for his baptism , he said to them , you offspring of vipers , who warned you to flee from the wrath to come ?
he said to the disciples , the days will come , when you will desire to see one of the days of the son of man , and you will not see it .
it was a sabbath when jesus made the mud and opened his eyes .
yahweh , you have seen my wrong ; judge you my cause .
if a man lies with his uncle 's wife , he has uncovered his uncle 's nakedness : they shall bear their sin ; they shall die childless .
they grieved isaac 's and rebekah 's spirits .
now therefore , my lord , as yahweh lives , and as your soul lives , seeing yahweh has withheld you from blood guiltiness , and from avenging yourself with your own hand , now therefore let your enemies , and those who seek evil to my lord , be as nabal .
for you are the god of my strength . why have you rejected me ? why do i go mourning because of the oppression of the enemy ?
now the rest of the acts of ahab , and all that he did , and the ivory house which he built , and all the cities that he built , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of israel ?
they brought him to him , and when he saw him , immediately the spirit convulsed him , and he fell on the ground , wallowing and foaming at the mouth .
truth springs out of the earth . righteousness has looked down from heaven .
he sent among them swarms of flies , which devoured them ; and frogs , which destroyed them .
now there were four leprous men at the entrance of the gate : and they said one to another , why sit we here until we die ?
he said , come ! peter stepped down from the boat , and walked on the waters to come to jesus .
now he who made us for this very thing is god , who also gave to us the down payment of the spirit .
do n't give your strength to women , nor your ways to that which destroys kings .
see , yahweh ; for i am in distress ; my heart is troubled ; my heart is turned within me ; for i have grievously rebelled : abroad the sword bereaves , at home there is as death .
i will praise you , lord my god , with my whole heart . i will glorify your name forevermore .
the burden of babylon , which isaiah the son of amoz saw :
lest i strip her naked , and make her bare as in the day that she was born , and make her like a wilderness , and set her like a dry land , and kill her with thirst .
but he denied it before them all , saying , i do n't know what you are talking about .
foreigners will dwell in ashdod , and i will cut off the pride of the philistines .
the first went , and poured out his bowl into the earth , and it became a harmful and evil sore on the people who had the mark of the beast , and who worshiped his image .
he teaches my hands to war ; so that my arms bend a bow of bronze .
he shall bring the bull to the door of the tent of meeting before yahweh ; and he shall lay his hand on the head of the bull , and kill the bull before yahweh .
let me sing for my well beloved a song of my beloved about his vineyard . my beloved had a vineyard on a very fruitful hill .
and out of the city he took an officer who was set over the men of war ; and seven men of those who saw the king 's face , who were found in the city ; and the scribe of the captain of the army , who mustered the people of the land ; and sixty men of the people of the land , who were found in the midst of the city .
and will make an offering by fire to yahweh , a burnt offering , or a sacrifice , to accomplish a vow , or as a freewill offering , or in your set feasts , to make a sweet savor to yahweh , of the herd , or of the flock ;
in the same day both abraham and ishmael , his son , were circumcised .
now david went back and forth from saul to feed his father 's sheep at bethlehem .
now therefore , if you will indeed obey my voice , and keep my covenant , then you shall be my own possession from among all peoples ; for all the earth is mine ;
neither have we obeyed the voice of yahweh our god , to walk in his laws , which he set before us by his servants the prophets .
may the high praises of god be in their mouths , and a two - edged sword in their hand ;
saying , do n't touch my anointed ones , do my prophets no harm .
an honest answer is like a kiss on the lips .
great is yahweh , and greatly to be praised , in the city of our god , in his holy mountain .
there was a great famine in samaria : and behold , they besieged it , until a donkey 's head was sold for eighty pieces of silver , and the fourth part of a kab of dove 's dung for five pieces of silver .
so i will sing praise to your name forever , that i may fulfill my vows daily .
it will happen in that day , that living waters will go out from jerusalem ; half of them toward the eastern sea , and half of them toward the western sea ; in summer and in winter will it be .
if they be married to any of the sons of the other tribes of the children of israel , then will their inheritance be taken away from the inheritance of our fathers , and will be added to the inheritance of the tribe whereunto they shall belong : so will it be taken away from the lot of our inheritance .
a foolish son is the calamity of his father . a wife 's quarrels are a continual dripping .
there went out a champion out of the camp of the philistines , named goliath , of gath , whose height was six cubits and a span .
then i returned and saw all the oppressions that are done under the sun : and behold , the tears of those who were oppressed , and they had no comforter ; and on the side of their oppressors there was power ; but they had no comforter .
now it happened on the third day , that esther put on her royal clothing , and stood in the inner court of the king 's house , over against the king 's house : and the king sat on his royal throne in the royal house , over against the entrance of the house .
he took agag the king of the amalekites alive , and utterly destroyed all the people with the edge of the sword .
they baked unleavened cakes of the dough which they brought forth out of egypt ; for it was n't leavened , because they were thrust out of egypt , and could n't wait , neither had they prepared for themselves any food .
so david prevailed over the philistine with a sling and with a stone , and struck the philistine , and killed him ; but there was no sword in the hand of david .
therefore i tell you , all things whatever you pray and ask for , believe that you have received them , and you shall have them .
you shall sell me food for money , that i may eat ; and give me water for money , that i may drink : only let me pass through on my feet ,
and jehoiakim the king sent men into egypt , namely , elnathan the son of achbor , and certain men with him , into egypt ;
so naomi returned , and ruth the moabitess , her daughter - in - law , with her , who returned out of the country of moab : and they came to bethlehem in the beginning of barley harvest .
having the same conflict which you saw in me , and now hear is in me .
be careful that you do n't do your charitable giving before men , to be seen by them , or else you have no reward from your father who is in heaven .
jacob did so , and fulfilled her week . he gave him rachel his daughter as wife .
lord , i beg you , let now your ear be attentive to the prayer of your servant , and to the prayer of your servants , who delight to fear your name ; and please prosper your servant this day , and grant him mercy in the sight of this man . now i was cup bearer to the king .
on the next day , he was determined to go out into galilee , and he found philip . jesus said to him , follow me .
jehoshaphat slept with his fathers , and was buried with his fathers in the city of david his father ; jehoram his son reigned in his place .
seeing that you seek a proof of christ who speaks in me ; who toward you is not weak , but is powerful in you .
abimelech fought against the city all that day ; and he took the city , and killed the people who were therein : and he beat down the city , and sowed it with salt .
it shall be on aaron 's forehead , and aaron shall bear the iniquity of the holy things , which the children of israel shall make holy in all their holy gifts ; and it shall be always on his forehead , that they may be accepted before yahweh .
and all their wealth . they took captive all their little ones and their wives , and took as plunder everything that was in the house .
i tell you that he will avenge them quickly . nevertheless , when the son of man comes , will he find faith on the earth ?
in their streets , they dress themselves in sackcloth . in their streets and on their housetops , everyone wails , weeping abundantly .
he works to the north , but i ca n't see him ; he turns south , but i ca n't catch a glimpse of him .
therefore the fathers shall eat the sons in the midst of you , and the sons shall eat their fathers ; and i will execute judgments on you ; and the whole remnant of you will i scatter to all the winds .
for whoever will be ashamed of me and of my words , of him will the son of man be ashamed , when he comes in his glory , and the glory of the father , and of the holy angels .
blessed is the nation whose god is yahweh , the people whom he has chosen for his own inheritance .
they cut their provender in the field . they glean the vineyard of the wicked .
but concerning the resurrection of the dead , have n't you read that which was spoken to you by god , saying ,
therefore they will carry away the abundance they have gotten , and that which they have stored up , over the brook of the willows .
that which the rest of the people gave was twenty thousand darics of gold , and two thousand minas of silver , and sixty - seven priests ' garments .
and we will take ten men of one hundred throughout all the tribes of israel , and one hundred of one thousand , and a thousand out of ten thousand , to get food for the people , that they may do , when they come to gibeah of benjamin , according to all the folly that they have worked in israel .
likewise when all the jews who were in moab , and among the children of ammon , and in edom , and who were in all the countries , heard that the king of babylon had left a remnant of judah , and that he had set over them gedaliah the son of ahikam , the son of shaphan ;
again , assuredly i tell you , that if two of you will agree on earth concerning anything that they will ask , it will be done for them by my father who is in heaven .
it happened in the month nisan , in the twentieth year of artaxerxes the king , when wine was before him , that i took up the wine , and gave it to the king . now i had not been before sad in his presence .
a perverse heart will be far from me . i will have nothing to do with evil .
you shall not uncover the nakedness of your father 's sister : she is your father 's near kinswoman .
he will say , cast up , cast up , prepare the way , take up the stumbling - block out of the way of my people .
he took food and was strengthened . saul stayed several days with the disciples who were at damascus .
but absalom pressed him , and he let amnon and all the king 's sons go with him .
then went abimelech to thebez , and encamped against thebez , and took it .
the skillfully woven band that was on it , with which to fasten it on , was of the same piece , like its work ; of gold , of blue , purple , scarlet , and fine twined linen ; as yahweh commanded moses .
all the saints greet you .
if it seem evil to you to serve yahweh , choose you this day whom you will serve ; whether the gods which your fathers served that were beyond the river , or the gods of the amorites , in whose land you dwell : but as for me and my house , we will serve yahweh .
a certain man saw it , and told joab , and said , behold , i saw absalom hanging in an oak .
for i speak to you who are gentiles . since then as i am an apostle to gentiles , i glorify my ministry ;
now at that time the king of babylon 's army was besieging jerusalem ; and jeremiah the prophet was shut up in the court of the guard , which was in the king of judah 's house .
for a multitude of the people , even many of ephraim and manasseh , issachar and zebulun , had not cleansed themselves , yet did they eat the passover otherwise than it is written . for hezekiah had prayed for them , saying , the good yahweh pardon everyone
like as a woman with child , who draws near the time of her delivery , is in pain and cries out in her pangs ; so we have been before you , yahweh .
for the son of man will come in the glory of his father with his angels , and then he will render to everyone according to his deeds .
abimelech chased him , and he fled before him , and there fell many wounded , even to the entrance of the gate .
when they were by the house of micah , they knew the voice of the young man the levite ; and they turned aside there , and said to him , who brought you here ? and what do you in this place ? and what have you here ?
then said david , will the men of keilah deliver up to me and my men into the hand of saul ? yahweh said , they will deliver you up .
jethro rejoiced for all the goodness which yahweh had done to israel , in that he had delivered them out of the hand of the egyptians .
therefore will i give their wives to others , and their fields to those who shall possess them : for everyone from the least even to the greatest is given to covetousness ; from the prophet even to the priest every one deals falsely .
thomas answered him , my lord and my god !
but in his own time revealed his word in the message with which i was entrusted according to the commandment of god our savior ;
then washed i you with water ; yes , i thoroughly washed away your blood from you , and i anointed you with oil .
the sluggard says , there is a lion outside ! i will be killed in the streets !
nebuchadnezzar king of babylon came to the city , while his servants were besieging it ;
in the second year of joash son of joahaz king of israel began amaziah the son of joash king of judah to reign .
they have made it a desolation ; it mourns to me , being desolate ; the whole land is made desolate , because no man lays it to heart .
the finely worked garmentsthe holy garments for aaron the priestthe garments of his sons to minister in the priest 's office ,
it happened , when they had eaten up the grain which they had brought out of egypt , their father said to them , go again , buy us a little more food .
behold , as your life was much set by this day in my eyes , so let my life be much set by in the eyes of yahweh , and let him deliver me out of all oppression .
see now that i , even i , am he , there is no god with me : i kill , and i make alive ; i wound , and i heal ; there is none who can deliver out of my hand .
but even in those days , says yahweh , i will not make a full end with you .
listen , islands , to me ; and listen , you peoples , from far : yahweh has called me from the womb ; from the bowels of my mother has he made mention of my name :
therefore i began to cause my heart to despair concerning all the labor in which i had labored under the sun .
in the thirty - eighth year of asa king of judah began ahab the son of omri to reign over israel : and ahab the son of omri reigned over israel in samaria twenty - two years .
through you , will we push down our adversaries . through your name , will we tread them under who rise up against us .
then that which was spoken through jeremiah the prophet was fulfilled , saying , they took the thirty pieces of silver , the price of him upon whom a price had been set , whom some of the children of israel priced ,
edom shall become an astonishment : everyone who passes by it shall be astonished , and shall hiss at all the plagues of it .
but thanks be to god , that , whereas you were bondservants of sin , you became obedient from the heart to that form of teaching whereunto you were delivered .
six years you shall sow your field , and six years you shall prune your vineyard , and gather in its fruits ;
it happened , while they were greatly perplexed about this , behold , two men stood by them in dazzling clothing .
he sent hadoram his son to king david , to greet him , and to bless him , because he had fought against hadarezer and struck him ; ( for hadarezer had wars with tou ;) and he had with him all manner of vessels of gold and silver and brass .
we said to my lord , the boy ca n't leave his father : for if he should leave his father , his father would die . '
do n't incline my heart to any evil thing , to practice deeds of wickedness with men who work iniquity . do n't let me eat of their delicacies .
bear one another 's burdens , and so fulfill the law of christ .
tell wisdom , you are my sister . call understanding your relative ,
simon peter went up , and drew the net to land , full of great fish , one hundred fifty - three ; and even though there were so many , the net was n't torn .
your silver and your gold is mine ; your wives also and your children , even the best , are mine .
for none of us lives to himself , and none dies to himself .
even those did cyrus king of persia bring forth by the hand of mithredath the treasurer , and numbered them to sheshbazzar , the prince of judah .
and you shall break down their altars , and dash in pieces their pillars , and burn their asherim with fire ; and you shall cut down the engraved images of their gods ; and you shall destroy their name out of that place .
and there were six steps to the throne , with a footstool of gold , which were fastened to the throne , and stays on either side by the place of the seat , and two lions standing beside the stays .
has he struck them as he struck those who struck them ? or are they killed like those who killed them were killed ?
but you , god , will bring them down into the pit of destruction . bloodthirsty and deceitful men shall not live out half their days , but i will trust in you .
nob , the city of the priests , struck he with the edge of the sword , both men and women , children and nursing babies , and oxen and donkeys and sheep , with the edge of the sword .
you say also , behold , what a weariness it is ! ' and you have sniffed at it , says yahweh of armies ; and you have brought that which was taken by violence , the lame , and the sick ; thus you bring the offering . should i accept this at your hand ? says yahweh .
then said jeremiah to them , thus shall you tell zedekiah :
he chooses our inheritance for us , the glory of jacob whom he loved . selah .
having been reminded of the unfeigned faith that is in you ; which lived first in your grandmother lois , and your mother eunice , and , i am persuaded , in you also .
you shall tell them , this is the nation that has not listened to the voice of yahweh their god , nor received instruction : truth is perished , and is cut off from their mouth .
wisdom rests in the heart of one who has understanding , and is even made known in the inward part of fools .
and he shall lay his hand on its head , and kill it before the tent of meeting ; and the sons of aaron shall sprinkle its blood on the altar round about .
the second took her as wife , and he died childless .
hide me from the conspiracy of the wicked , from the noisy crowd of the ones doing evil ;
who gave him a charge over the earth ? or who has appointed him over the whole world ?
they shall live , and to him shall be given of the gold of sheba . men shall pray for him continually . they shall bless him all day long .
who is this king of glory ? yahweh of armies , he is the king of glory . selah .
you have despised my holy things , and have profaned my sabbaths .
now you say , go , tell your lord , behold , elijah is here ; and he will kill me .
immediately he took soldiers and centurions , and ran down to them . they , when they saw the chief captain and the soldiers , stopped beating paul .
the poles shall be in the rings of the ark . they shall not be taken from it .
i will surely hide my face in that day for all the evil which they shall have worked , in that they are turned to other gods .
on an appointed day , herod dressed himself in royal clothing , sat on the throne , and gave a speech to them .
ezra the priest brought the law before the assembly , both men and women , and all who could hear with understanding , on the first day of the seventh month .
but when moses went in before yahweh to speak with him , he took the veil off , until he came out ; and he came out , and spoke to the children of israel that which he was commanded .
for your servants take pleasure in her stones , and have pity on her dust .
a fool shows his annoyance the same day , but one who overlooks an insult is prudent .
my soul has observed your testimonies . i love them exceedingly .
you returned and wept before yahweh ; but yahweh did n't listen to your voice , nor gave ear to you .
how much more will the blood of christ , who through the eternal spirit offered himself without blemish to god , cleanse your conscience from dead works to serve the living god ?
when they had mocked him , they took the robe off of him , and put his clothes on him , and led him away to crucify him .
behold , a king shall reign in righteousness , and princes shall rule in justice .
i turned to see the voice that spoke with me . having turned , i saw seven golden lampstands .
because they have forsaken me , and have burned incense to other gods , that they might provoke me to anger with all the works of their hands ; therefore is my wrath poured out on this place , and it shall not be quenched .
for he will deliver you from the snare of the fowler , and from the deadly pestilence .
nevertheless leave the stump of its roots in the earth , even with a band of iron and brass , in the tender grass of the field ; and let it be wet with the dew of the sky : and let his portion be with the animals in the grass of the earth :
in beatings , in imprisonments , in riots , in labors , in watchings , in fastings ;
as babylon has caused the slain of israel to fall , so at babylon shall fall the slain of all the land .
rehoboam went to shechem : for all israel were come to shechem to make him king .
wo n't the uncircumcision which is by nature , if it fulfills the law , judge you , who with the letter and circumcision are a transgressor of the law ?
isaiah said these things when he saw his glory , and spoke of him .
he brought them to the border of his sanctuary , to this mountain , which his right hand had taken .
he made the boards for the tent : twenty boards for the south side southward .
those who devise mischief in their hearts . they continually gather themselves together for war .
for the king 's word is supreme . who can say to him , what are you doing ?
the disciples told him , rabbi , the jews were just trying to stone you , and are you going there again ?
your adversaries have roared in the midst of your assembly . they have set up their standards as signs .
on this i awakened , and saw ; and my sleep was sweet to me .
like cold water to a thirsty soul , so is good news from a far country .
we know that god does n't listen to sinners , but if anyone is a worshipper of god , and does his will , he listens to him .
yet was she carried away . she went into captivity . her young children also were dashed in pieces at the head of all the streets , and they cast lots for her honorable men , and all her great men were bound in chains .
the taskmasters of the people went out , and their officers , and they spoke to the people , saying , this is what pharaoh says : i will not give you straw .
after him ibzan of bethlehem judged israel .
yahweh sent an angel , who cut off all the mighty men of valor , and the leaders and captains , in the camp of the king of assyria . so he returned with shame of face to his own land . when he was come into the house of his god , those who came forth from his own bowels killed him there with the sword .
as for me , in the first year of darius the mede , i stood up to confirm and strengthen him .
he shall dwell in that city , until he stand before the congregation for judgment , until the death of the high priest that shall be in those days : then shall the manslayer return , and come to his own city , and to his own house , to the city from whence he fled .
you shall not add to the word which i command you , neither shall you diminish from it , that you may keep the commandments of yahweh your god which i command you .
i will bless her , and moreover i will give you a son by her . yes , i will bless her , and she will be a mother of nations . kings of peoples will come from her .
even the dust from your city that clings to us , we wipe off against you . nevertheless know this , that the kingdom of god has come near to you . '
you shall see it , and your heart shall rejoice , and your bones shall flourish like the tender grass : and the hand of yahweh shall be known toward his servants ; and he will have indignation against his enemies .
moreover i will make you a desolation and a reproach among the nations that are round about you , in the sight of all that pass by .
one golden ladle of ten shekels , full of incense ;
however the high places were not taken away ; the people still sacrificed and burnt incense in the high places .
therefore thus says yahweh , who redeemed abraham , concerning the house of jacob : jacob shall no longer be ashamed , neither shall his face grow pale .
i speak by way of disparagement , as though we had been weak . yet however any is bold ( i speak in foolishness ) , i am bold also .
samuel took a sucking lamb , and offered it for a whole burnt offering to yahweh : and samuel cried to yahweh for israel ; and yahweh answered him .
of gold by weight for the vessels of gold , for all vessels of every kind of service ; of silver for all the vessels of silver by weight , for all vessels of every kind of service ;
i will betroth you to me forever . yes , i will betroth you to me in righteousness , in justice , in loving kindness , and in compassion .
ephraim surrounds me with falsehood , and the house of israel with deceit . judah still strays from god , and is unfaithful to the holy one .
therefore her young men shall fall in her streets , and all the men of war shall be brought to silence in that day , says yahweh of armies .
for we know that the whole creation groans and travails in pain together until now .
have mercy on me , yahweh , for i am faint . yahweh , heal me , for my bones are troubled .
if gilead is wicked , surely they are worthless . in gilgal they sacrifice bulls . indeed , their altars are like heaps in the furrows of the field .
but peter said to him , may your silver perish with you , because you thought you could obtain the gift of god with money !
now it was in the heart of david my father to build a house for the name of yahweh , the god of israel .
draw water for the siege . strengthen your fortresses . go into the clay , and tread the mortar . make the brick kiln strong .
they called to lot , and said to him , where are the men who came in to you this night ? bring them out to us , that we may have sex with them .
they asked him , tell us : by what authority do you do these things ? or who is giving you this authority ?
i am still confident of this : i will see the goodness of yahweh in the land of the living .
this thing became a sin ; for the people went to worship before the one , even to dan .
the doors of the side chambers were toward the place that was left , one door toward the north , and another door toward the south : and the breadth of the place that was left was five cubits round about .
the king of assyria carried israel away to assyria , and put them in halah , and on the habor , the river of gozan , and in the cities of the medes ,
i thank my god whenever i remember you ,
i have put my words in your mouth , and have covered you in the shadow of my hand , that i may plant the heavens , and lay the foundations of the earth , and tell zion , you are my people .
but to wear sandals , and not put on two tunics .
he took it into his hands , and went on , eating as he went ; and he came to his father and mother , and gave to them , and they ate : but he did n't tell them that he had taken the honey out of the body of the lion .
for you know the grace of our lord jesus christ , that , though he was rich , yet for your sakes he became poor , that you through his poverty might become rich .
as he was going out into the way , one ran to him , knelt before him , and asked him , good teacher , what shall i do that i may inherit eternal life ?
the young man who told him said , as i happened by chance on mount gilboa , behold , saul was leaning on his spear ; and behold , the chariots and the horsemen followed hard after him .
drought and heat consume the snow waters ; so does sheol those who have sinned .
bel bows down , nebo stoops ; their idols are on the animals , and on the livestock : the things that you carried about are made a load , a burden to the weary animal .
joseph said to them , what deed is this that you have done ? do n't you know that such a man as i can indeed divine ?
take the choice of the flock , and also a pile of wood for the bones under the caldron ; make it boil well ; yes , let the bones of it be boiled in the midst of it .
to the woman he said , i will greatly multiply your pain in childbirth . in pain you will bring forth children . your desire will be for your husband , and he will rule over you .
they shall build houses , and inhabit them ; and they shall plant vineyards , and eat the fruit of them .
he was there with yahweh forty days and forty nights ; he neither ate bread , nor drank water . he wrote on the tablets the words of the covenant , the ten commandments .
the day that you stood before yahweh your god in horeb , when yahweh said to me , assemble me the people , and i will make them hear my words , that they may learn to fear me all the days that they live on the earth , and that they may teach their children .
since it is a righteous thing with god to repay affliction to those who afflict you ,
yet , yahweh , you know all their counsel against me to kill me ; do n't forgive their iniquity , neither blot out their sin from your sight ; but let them be overthrown before you ; deal you with them in the time of your anger .
whose voice shook the earth , then , but now he has promised , saying , yet once more i will shake not only the earth , but also the heavens .
not of works , that no one would boast .
whom will he teach knowledge ? to whom will he explain the message ? those who are weaned from the milk , and drawn from the breasts ?
and resen between nineveh and calah ( the same is the great city ) .
is this thing done by my lord the king , and you have n't shown to your servants who should sit on the throne of my lord the king after him ?
therefore let him who speaks in another language pray that he may interpret .
it happened , as he came near jericho , a certain blind man sat by the road , begging .
thus says yahweh to this people , even so have they loved to wander ; they have not refrained their feet : therefore yahweh does not accept them ; now he will remember their iniquity , and visit their sins .
but when the chief priests and the scribes saw the wonderful things that he did , and the children who were crying in the temple and saying , hosanna to the son of david ! they were indignant ,
sarah , my master 's wife , bore a son to my master when she was old . he has given all that he has to him .
declare his glory among the nations , his marvelous works among all the peoples .
wisdom is before the face of one who has understanding , but the eyes of a fool wander to the ends of the earth .
now it happened in the days of ahasuerus ( this is ahasuerus who reigned from india even to ethiopia , over one hundred twenty - seven provinces ) ,
who confirms the word of his servant , and performs the counsel of his messengers ; who says of jerusalem , she shall be inhabited ; and of the cities of judah , they shall be built , and i will raise up the waste places of it ;
this is the cause why joshua did circumcise : all the people who came forth out of egypt , who were males , even all the men of war , died in the wilderness by the way , after they came forth out of egypt .
now therefore let your hands be strong , and be you valiant ; for saul your lord is dead , and also the house of judah have anointed me king over them .
the mouth of the righteous is a spring of life , but violence covers the mouth of the wicked .
the ones who had been sent were from the pharisees .
for whatever is born of god overcomes the world . this is the victory that has overcome the world : your faith .
the priest of jupiter , whose temple was in front of their city , brought oxen and garlands to the gates , and would have made a sacrifice along with the multitudes .
when his disciples , james and john , saw this , they said , lord , do you want us to command fire to come down from the sky , and destroy them , just as elijah did ?
he shall keep in order the lamps on the pure gold lampstand before yahweh continually .
does he thank that servant because he did the things that were commanded ? i think not .
who was faithful to him who appointed him , as also was moses in all his house .
philip opened his mouth , and beginning from this scripture , preached to him jesus .
you offspring of vipers , how can you , being evil , speak good things ? for out of the abundance of the heart , the mouth speaks .
his splendor is like the sunrise . rays shine from his hand , where his power is hidden .
someone told jacob , and said , behold , your son joseph comes to you , and israel strengthened himself , and sat on the bed .
for i will give you a mouth and wisdom which all your adversaries will not be able to withstand or to contradict .
if your brother , the son of your mother , or your son , or your daughter , or the wife of your bosom , or your friend , who is as your own soul , entice you secretly , saying , let us go and serve other gods , which you have not known , you , nor your fathers ;
when did we see you sick , or in prison , and come to you ? '
when she recognized peter 's voice , she did n't open the gate for joy , but ran in , and reported that peter was standing in front of the gate .
joshua said , hereby you shall know that the living god is among you , and that he will without fail drive out from before you the canaanite , and the hittite , and the hivite , and the perizzite , and the girgashite , and the amorite , and the jebusite .
but on the next day they left the horsemen to go with him , and returned to the barracks .
there shall be no yeast seen with you in all your borders seven days ; neither shall any of the flesh , which you sacrifice the first day at even , remain all night until the morning .
jesus said to him , today , salvation has come to this house , because he also is a son of abraham .
all the kings of the earth sought the presence of solomon , to hear his wisdom , which god had put in his heart .
yet a little while , and the world will see me no more ; but you will see me . because i live , you will live also .
and for the sacrifice of peace offerings , two oxen , five rams , five male goats , and five male lambs a year old . this was the offering of eliab the son of helon .
then they laid their hands on them , and they received the holy spirit .
the seven angels who had the seven trumpets prepared themselves to sound .
moses said to aaron , take your censer , and put fire therein from off the altar , and lay incense thereon , and carry it quickly to the congregation , and make atonement for them : for there is wrath gone out from yahweh ; the plague is begun .
the king said , let him turn to his own house , but let him not see my face . so absalom turned to his own house , and did n't see the king 's face .
but his face fell at that saying , and he went away sorrowful , for he was one who had great possessions .
surely you shall not come into the land , concerning which i swore that i would make you dwell therein , save caleb the son of jephunneh , and joshua the son of nun .
and when we cried to yahweh , he heard our voice , and sent an angel , and brought us forth out of egypt : and behold , we are in kadesh , a city in the uttermost of your border .
but there shall be no more gloom for her who was in anguish . in the former time , he brought into contempt the land of zebulun and the land of naphtali ; but in the latter time he has made it glorious , by the way of the sea , beyond the jordan , galilee of the nations .
for his eyes are on the ways of a man , he sees all his goings .
it happened that the beggar died , and that he was carried away by the angels to abraham 's bosom . the rich man also died , and was buried .
they , when they heard it , were glad , and promised to give him money . he sought how he might conveniently deliver him .
blessed shall you be in the city , and blessed shall you be in the field .
but the queen vashti refused to come at the king 's commandment by the chamberlains : therefore was the king very angry , and his anger burned in him .
so that i come again to my father 's house in peace , and yahweh will be my god ,
every male among the priests shall eat of it : it is most holy .
in this love has been made perfect among us , that we may have boldness in the day of judgment , because as he is , even so are we in this world .
who also made us sufficient as servants of a new covenant ; not of the letter , but of the spirit . for the letter kills , but the spirit gives life .
he shall not honor his father or mother . ' you have made the commandment of god void because of your tradition .
david did as god commanded him : and they struck the army of the philistines from gibeon even to gezer .
we , being jews by nature , and not gentile sinners ,
but if he shall make them null and void after that he has heard them , then he shall bear her iniquity .
according to the foreknowledge of god the father , in sanctification of the spirit , that you may obey jesus christ and be sprinkled in his blood : grace to you and peace be multiplied .
let your father and your mother be glad ! let her who bore you rejoice !
behold , this is the joy of his way : out of the earth shall others spring .
he does n't withdraw his eyes from the righteous , but with kings on the throne , he sets them forever , and they are exalted .
david abode in the wilderness in the strongholds , and remained in the hill country in the wilderness of ziph . saul sought him every day , but god did n't deliver him into his hand .
there were beams in three rows , and window was over against window in three ranks .
appoint for you three men of each tribe : and i will send them , and they shall arise , and walk through the land , and describe it according to their inheritance ; and they shall come to me .
the earth will stagger like a drunken man , and will sway back and forth like a hammock . its disobedience will be heavy on it , and it will fall and not rise again .
therefore seeing we have this ministry , even as we obtained mercy , we do n't faint .
they shall bring all your brothers out of all the nations for an offering to yahweh , on horses , and in chariots , and in litters , and on mules , and on dromedaries , to my holy mountain jerusalem , says yahweh , as the children of israel bring their offering in a clean vessel into the house of yahweh .
when the servant of the man of god was risen early , and gone forth , behold , an army with horses and chariots was round about the city . his servant said to him , alas , my master ! how shall we do ?
jesus said to him , because you have seen me , you have believed . blessed are those who have not seen , and have believed .
all vision has become to you like the words of a book that is sealed , which men deliver to one who is educated , saying , read this , please ; and he says , i ca n't , for it is sealed :
speak also to the children of israel , saying , most assuredly you shall keep my sabbaths : for it is a sign between me and you throughout your generations ; that you may know that i am yahweh who sanctifies you .
then king david sent , and fetched him out of the house of machir the son of ammiel , from lo debar .
unless those days had been shortened , no flesh would have been saved . but for the sake of the chosen ones , those days will be shortened .
also hosah , of the children of merari , had sons : shimri the chief , ( for though he was not the firstborn , yet his father made him chief ) ,
for the kingdom of god is not in word , but in power .
to the beloved apphia , to archippus , our fellow soldier , and to the assembly in your house :
and have cast their gods into the fire ; for they were no gods , but the work of men 's hands , wood and stone ; therefore they have destroyed them .
he made from one blood every nation of men to dwell on all the surface of the earth , having determined appointed seasons , and the boundaries of their dwellings ,
because they have forsaken me , and have burned incense to other gods , that they might provoke me to anger with all the work of their hands , therefore my wrath shall be kindled against this place , and it shall not be quenched .
mordecai told him of all that had happened to him , and the exact sum of the money that haman had promised to pay to the king 's treasuries for the jews , to destroy them .
all the presidents of the kingdom , the deputies and the satraps , the counselors and the governors , have consulted together to establish a royal statute , and to make a strong interdict , that whoever shall ask a petition of any god or man for thirty days , save of you , o king , he shall be cast into the den of lions .
yahweh god said , behold , the man has become like one of us , knowing good and evil . now , lest he put forth his hand , and also take of the tree of life , and eat , and live forever ...
and take double money in your hand , and take back the money that was returned in the mouth of your sacks . perhaps it was an oversight .
furthermore , my son , be admonished : of making many books there is no end ; and much study is a weariness of the flesh .
we inform the king that , if this city be built , and the walls finished , by this means you shall have no portion beyond the river .
but abishai the son of zeruiah helped him , and struck the philistine , and killed him . then the men of david swore to him , saying , you shall go no more out with us to battle , that you do n't quench the lamp of israel .
moab has been at ease from his youth , and he has settled on his lees , and has not been emptied from vessel to vessel , neither has he gone into captivity : therefore his taste remains in him , and his scent is not changed .
immediately all the multitude , when they saw him , were greatly amazed , and running to him greeted him .
all were weeping and mourning her , but he said , do n't weep . she is n't dead , but sleeping .
we are orphans and fatherless ; our mothers are as widows .
yahweh spoke to moses and to aaron , saying ,
gaal the son of ebed said , who is abimelech , and who is shechem , that we should serve him ? is n't he the son of jerubbaal ? and zebul his officer ? serve you the men of hamor the father of shechem : but why should we serve him ?
for herod feared john , knowing that he was a righteous and holy man , and kept him safe . when he heard him , he did many things , and he heard him gladly .
but they insisted , saying , he stirs up the people , teaching throughout all judea , beginning from galilee even to this place .
when evening came , he went out of the city .
she said to the king , it was a true report that i heard in my own land of your acts , and of your wisdom .
the multitude therefore that was with him when he called lazarus out of the tomb , and raised him from the dead , was testifying about it .
it grew great , even to the army of the sky ; and some of the army and of the stars it cast down to the ground , and trampled on them .
with great power , the apostles gave their testimony of the resurrection of the lord jesus . great grace was on them all .
according to the tenor of the law which they shall teach you , and according to the judgment which they shall tell you , you shall do ; you shall not turn aside from the sentence which they shall show you , to the right hand , nor to the left .
then you will understand righteousness and justice , equity and every good path .
the nations were angry , and your wrath came , as did the time for the dead to be judged , and to give your bondservants the prophets , their reward , as well as to the saints , and those who fear your name , to the small and the great ; and to destroy those who destroy the earth .
and ramoth with its suburbs , and anem with its suburbs ;
when he had come into the house , the blind men came to him . jesus said to them , do you believe that i am able to do this ? they told him , yes , lord .
but it happened that when sanballat heard that we were building the wall , he was angry , and took great indignation , and mocked the jews .
samson said to them , if you do after this manner , surely i will be avenged of you , and after that i will cease .
tax collectors also came to be baptized , and they said to him , teacher , what must we do ?
there assembled at jerusalem much people to keep the feast of unleavened bread in the second month , a very great assembly .
every creeping thing that creeps on the earth is an abomination . it shall not be eaten .
if he dedicates his field from the year of jubilee , according to your valuation it shall stand .
this is the offering of aaron and of his sons , which they shall offer to yahweh in the day when he is anointed : the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour for a meal offering perpetually , half of it in the morning , and half of it in the evening .
the high priest stood up , and said to him , have you no answer ? what is this that these testify against you ?
now when they heard this , they were cut to the heart , and said to peter and the rest of the apostles , brothers , what shall we do ?
woe to the wicked ! disaster is upon them ; for the deeds of his hands will be paid back to him .
one has committed abomination with his neighbor 's wife ; and another has lewdly defiled his daughter - in - law ; and another in you has humbled his sister , his father 's daughter .
oil for the light , spices for the anointing oil and for the sweet incense ,
moses charged the people the same day , saying ,
remember this , and show yourselves men ; bring it again to mind , you transgressors .
it was so , when midday was past , that they prophesied until the time of the offering of the evening offering ; but there was neither voice , nor any to answer , nor any who regarded .
the people murmured against moses , saying , what shall we drink ?
she said , no one , lord . jesus said , neither do i condemn you . go your way . from now on , sin no more .
it will happen afterward , that i will pour out my spirit on all flesh ; and your sons and your daughters will prophesy . your old men will dream dreams . your young men will see visions .
it was so , that as often as the king went into the house of yahweh , the guard bore them , and brought them back into the guard chamber .
let us fear therefore , lest perhaps a promise being left of entering into his rest , anyone of you should seem to have come short of it .
i will call for a sword against him to all my mountains , says the lord yahweh : every man 's sword shall be against his brother .
all the trees of the field shall know that i , yahweh , have brought down the high tree , have exalted the low tree , have dried up the green tree , and have made the dry tree to flourish ; i , yahweh , have spoken and have done it .
you have taken away all your wrath . you have turned from the fierceness of your anger .
when the chief baker saw that the interpretation was good , he said to joseph , i also was in my dream , and behold , three baskets of white bread were on my head .
therefore god also highly exalted him , and gave to him the name which is above every name ;
from the daughter of zion all her majesty is departed : her princes are become like harts that find no pasture , they are gone without strength before the pursuer .
grace to you and peace be multiplied in the knowledge of god and of jesus our lord ,
yahweh showed me four craftsmen .
he began to speak to them in parables . a man planted a vineyard , put a hedge around it , dug a pit for the winepress , built a tower , rented it out to a farmer , and went into another country .
the plans of the diligent surely lead to profit ; and everyone who is hasty surely rushes to poverty .
he answered him , unbelieving generation , how long shall i be with you ? how long shall i bear with you ? bring him to me .
but your little ones , that you said should be a prey , them will i bring in , and they shall know the land which you have rejected .
let these words sink into your ears , for the son of man will be delivered up into the hands of men .
when the almighty scattered kings in her , it snowed on zalmon .
he said to abram , know for sure that your seed will live as foreigners in a land that is not theirs , and will serve them . they will afflict them four hundred years .
whoever remains in him does n't sin . whoever sins has n't seen him , neither knows him .
therefore do n't be anxious for tomorrow , for tomorrow will be anxious for itself . each day 's own evil is sufficient .
now when i had returned , behold , on the bank of the river were very many trees on the one side and on the other .
asher did n't drive out the inhabitants of acco , nor the inhabitants of sidon , nor of ahlab , nor of achzib , nor of helbah , nor of aphik , nor of rehob ;
to cleanse the house he shall take two birds , and cedar wood , and scarlet , and hyssop .
you can catch a lizard with your hands , yet it is in kings ' palaces .
and the best seats in the synagogues , and the best places at feasts :
then david inquired of yahweh yet again . yahweh answered him , and said , arise , go down to keilah ; for i will deliver the philistines into your hand .
and thus the secrets of his heart are revealed . so he will fall down on his face and worship god , declaring that god is among you indeed .
and hukok with its suburbs , and rehob with its suburbs ;
he feeds on ashes ; a deceived heart has turned him aside ; and he ca n't deliver his soul , nor say , is there not a lie in my right hand ?
when he had said this , he showed them his hands and his feet .
he stayed yet another seven days , and sent forth the dove ; and she did n't return to him any more .
on the eighth day he sent the people away ; and they blessed the king , and went to their tents joyful and glad of heart for all the goodness that yahweh had shown to david his servant , and to israel his people .
hear another parable . there was a man who was a master of a household , who planted a vineyard , set a hedge about it , dug a winepress in it , built a tower , leased it out to farmers , and went into another country .
therefore i beg you to take some food , for this is for your safety ; for not a hair will perish from any of your heads .
even so ought husbands also to love their own wives as their own bodies . he who loves his own wife loves himself .
how weak is your heart , says the lord yahweh , seeing you do all these things , the work of an impudent prostitute ;
a man shall be satisfied with good by the fruit of his mouth . the work of a man 's hands shall be rewarded to him .
righteousness guards the way of integrity , but wickedness overthrows the sinner .
in the morning you shall say , would it were even ! and at even you shall say , would it were morning ! for the fear of your heart which you shall fear , and for the sight of your eyes which you shall see .
then they asked him , who is the man who said to you , take up your mat , and walk ' ?
for even in thessalonica you sent once and again to my need .
he who receives a prophet in the name of a prophet will receive a prophet 's reward : and he who receives a righteous man in the name of a righteous man will receive a righteous man 's reward .
then i will also walk contrary to you ; and i will strike you , even i , seven times for your sins .
his name shall be called in israel , the house of him who has his shoe untied .
if a man lies carnally with a woman who is a slave girl , pledged to be married to another man , and not ransomed , or given her freedom ; they shall be punished . they shall not be put to death , because she was not free .
in that day you will say , give thanks to yahweh ! call on his name . declare his doings among the peoples . proclaim that his name is exalted !
now the rest of the acts of jeroboam , and all that he did , and his might , how he warred , and how he recovered damascus , and hamath , which had belonged to judah , for israel , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of israel ?
he plots iniquity on his bed . he sets himself in a way that is not good ; he does n't abhor evil .
in that day i will raise up the tent of david who is fallen , and close up its breaches , and i will raise up its ruins , and i will build it as in the days of old ;
therefore you shall no more see false visions , nor practice divination . i will deliver my people out of your hand ; and you shall know that i am yahweh .
now absalom in his lifetime had taken and reared up for himself the pillar , which is in the king 's dale ; for he said , i have no son to keep my name in memory : and he called the pillar after his own name ; and it is called absalom 's monument , to this day .
the words of a gossip are like dainty morsels : they go down into a person 's innermost parts .
then the people of the land took jehoahaz the son of josiah , and made him king in his father 's place in jerusalem .
then will i pluck them up by the roots out of my land which i have given them ; and this house , which i have made holy for my name , will i cast out of my sight , and i will make it a proverb and a byword among all peoples .
for we did not follow cunningly devised fables , when we made known to you the power and coming of our lord jesus christ , but we were eyewitnesses of his majesty .
he said to him , son , you are always with me , and all that is mine is yours .
but god chose the foolish things of the world that he might put to shame those who are wise . god chose the weak things of the world , that he might put to shame the things that are strong ;
however , the son by the handmaid was born according to the flesh , but the son by the free woman was born through promise .
the crown of pride of the drunkards of ephraim will be trodden under foot .
now it fell on a day , that jonathan the son of saul said to the young man who bore his armor , come , and let us go over to the philistines ' garrison , that is on yonder side . but he did n't tell his father .
in the beginning god created the heavens and the earth .
they said to him , thus says hezekiah , this day is a day of trouble , and of rebuke , and of rejection ; for the children are come to the birth , and there is not strength to bring forth .
so moses wrote this song the same day , and taught it the children of israel .
going on from there , he saw two other brothers , james the son of zebedee , and john his brother , in the boat with zebedee their father , mending their nets . he called them .
how are the mighty fallen in the midst of the battle ! jonathan is slain on your high places .
the nazirite shall shave the head of his separation at the door of the tent of meeting , and shall take the hair of the head of his separation , and put it on the fire which is under the sacrifice of peace offerings .
in their sight shall you bear it on your shoulder , and carry it forth in the dark ; you shall cover your face , that you do n't see the land : for i have set you for a sign to the house of israel .
i love yahweh , because he listens to my voice , and my cries for mercy .
and they mourned , and wept , and fasted until even , for saul , and for jonathan his son , and for the people of yahweh , and for the house of israel ; because they were fallen by the sword .
he gave them into the hand of the nations . those who hated them ruled over them .
now the rest of the acts of manasseh , and all that he did , and his sin that he sinned , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of judah ?
adah gave birth to jabal , who was the father of those who dwell in tents and have livestock .
between the chambers was a breadth of twenty cubits round about the house on every side .
in that hour jesus said to the multitudes , have you come out as against a robber with swords and clubs to seize me ? i sat daily in the temple teaching , and you did n't arrest me .
huram continued , blessed be yahweh , the god of israel , that made heaven and earth , who has given to david the king a wise son , endowed with discretion and understanding , that should build a house for yahweh , and a house for his kingdom .
now the rest of the acts of josiah , and all that he did , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of judah ?
then came the word of yahweh to samuel , saying ,
let all things be done decently and in order .
the lords of the philistines came up to her , and said to her , entice him , and see in which his great strength lies , and by what means we may prevail against him , that we may bind him to afflict him : and we will each give you of us eleven hundred pieces of silver .
he followed her immediately , as an ox goes to the slaughter , as a fool stepping into a noose .
my soul shall boast in yahweh . the humble shall hear of it , and be glad .
then they said , what shall be the trespass offering which we shall return to him ? they said , five golden tumors , and five golden mice , according to the number of the lords of the philistines ; for one plague was on you all , and on your lords .
the same day did the king make the middle of the court holy that was before the house of yahweh ; for there he offered the burnt offering , and the meal offering , and the fat of the peace offerings , because the brazen altar that was before yahweh was too little to receive the burnt offering , and the meal offering , and the fat of the peace offerings .
arrogant speech is n't fitting for a fool , much less do lying lips fit a prince .
moreover he built cities in the hill country of judah , and in the forests he built castles and towers .
though he is fruitful among his brothers , an east wind will come , the breath of yahweh coming up from the wilderness ; and his spring will become dry , and his fountain will be dried up . he will plunder the storehouse of treasure .
as it is written , there is no one righteous . no , not one .
his malice may be concealed by deception , but his wickedness will be exposed in the assembly .
so they went up , and spied out the land from the wilderness of zin to rehob , to the entrance of hamath .
then let our faces be looked on before you , and the face of the youths who eat of the king 's dainties ; and as you see , deal with your servants .
yahweh is gracious , merciful , slow to anger , and of great loving kindness .
joseph arose from his sleep , and did as the angel of the lord commanded him , and took his wife to himself ;
all the days of his separation he shall eat nothing that is made of the grapevine , from the seeds even to the skins .
he made two golden rings for it under its molding crown , on its two ribs , on its two sides , for places for poles with which to carry it .
praise him , all his angels ! praise him , all his army !
was n't it told my lord what i did when jezebel killed the prophets of yahweh , how i hid one hundred men of yahweh 's prophets by fifty in a cave , and fed them with bread and water ?
in that same hour jesus rejoiced in the holy spirit , and said , i thank you , o father , lord of heaven and earth , that you have hidden these things from the wise and understanding , and revealed them to little children . yes , father , for so it was well - pleasing in your sight .
and the pattern of all that he had by the spirit , for the courts of the house of yahweh , and for all the surrounding rooms , for the treasuries of the house of god , and for the treasuries of the dedicated things ;
you shall roast and eat it in the place which yahweh your god shall choose : and you shall turn in the morning , and go to your tents .
they have seen falsehood and lying divination , who say , yahweh says ; but yahweh has not sent them : and they have made men to hope that the word would be confirmed .
yet i had planted you a noble vine , wholly a right seed : how then are you turned into the degenerate branches of a foreign vine to me ?
therefore judge nothing before the time , until the lord comes , who will both bring to light the hidden things of darkness , and reveal the counsels of the hearts . then each man will get his praise from god .
the heaved thigh and the waved breast they shall bring with the offerings made by fire of the fat , to wave it for a wave offering before yahweh : and it shall be yours , and your sons ' with you , as a portion forever ; as yahweh has commanded .
some also there were that said , we are mortgaging our fields , and our vineyards , and our houses : let us get grain , because of the dearth .
every man 's holy things shall be his : whatever any man gives the priest , it shall be his .
this also would be an iniquity to be punished by the judges ; for i should have denied the god who is above .
on the tenth day of this seventh month you shall have a holy convocation ; and you shall afflict your souls : you shall do no manner of work ;
a certain beggar , named lazarus , was laid at his gate , full of sores ,
jesus said to her , woman , what does that have to do with you and me ? my hour has not yet come .
for the children of israel shall abide many days without king , and without prince , and without sacrifice , and without sacred stone , and without ephod or idols .
the door for the middle side chambers was in the right side of the house : and they went up by winding stairs into the middle story , and out of the middle into the third .
now the chief priests and the pharisees had commanded that if anyone knew where he was , he should report it , that they might seize him .
when i wept and i fasted , that was to my reproach .
and said to them , you shall not bring in the captives here : for you purpose that which will bring on us a trespass against yahweh , to add to our sins and to our trespass ; for our trespass is great , and there is fierce wrath against israel .
if you shall say in your heart , these nations are more than i ; how can i dispossess them ?
they , having heard the king , went their way ; and behold , the star , which they saw in the east , went before them , until it came and stood over where the young child was .
praise yahweh ! sing to yahweh a new song , his praise in the assembly of the saints .
he said , if the syrians be too strong for me , then you shall help me ; but if the children of ammon be too strong for you , then i will help you .
though men be risen up to pursue you , and to seek your soul , yet the soul of my lord shall be bound in the bundle of life with yahweh your god ; and the souls of your enemies , them shall he sling out , as from the hollow of a sling .
for if i would desire to boast , i will not be foolish ; for i will speak the truth . but i refrain , so that no man may think more of me than that which he sees in me , or hears from me .
how much worse punishment , do you think , will he be judged worthy of , who has trodden under foot the son of god , and has counted the blood of the covenant with which he was sanctified an unholy thing , and has insulted the spirit of grace ?
all the oxen for the burnt offering twelve bulls , the rams twelve , the male lambs a year old twelve , and their meal offering ; and the male goats for a sin offering twelve ;
i know your works ( behold , i have set before you an open door , which no one can shut ) , that you have a little power , and kept my word , and did n't deny my name .
thus did moses : as yahweh commanded him , so did he .
they brought seven bulls , and seven rams , and seven lambs , and seven male goats , for a sin offering for the kingdom and for the sanctuary and for judah . he commanded the priests the sons of aaron to offer them on the altar of yahweh .
and it shall be with him , and he shall read therein all the days of his life ; that he may learn to fear yahweh his god , to keep all the words of this law and these statutes , to do them ;
but jesus said to him , leave the dead to bury their own dead , but you go and announce the kingdom of god .
they took the coat of many colors , and they brought it to their father , and said , we have found this . examine it , now , whether it is your son 's coat or not .
they scoff and speak with malice . in arrogance , they threaten oppression .
let those who seek after my soul be disappointed and brought to dishonor . let those who plot my ruin be turned back and confounded .
even now , behold , my witness is in heaven . he who vouches for me is on high .
i think it right , as long as i am in this tent , to stir you up by reminding you ;
for as the body apart from the spirit is dead , even so faith apart from works is dead .
then saul arose , and went down to the wilderness of ziph , having three thousand chosen men of israel with him , to seek david in the wilderness of ziph .
when she saw that she was steadfastly minded to go with her , she left off speaking to her .
for this ointment might have been sold for much , and given to the poor .
now , my god , let , i beg you , your eyes be open , and let your ears be attentive , to the prayer that is made in this place .
zedekiah was twenty - one years old when he began to reign ; and he reigned eleven years in jerusalem : and his mother 's name was hamutal the daughter of jeremiah of libnah .
the sun and moon stood still in the sky , at the light of your arrows as they went , at the shining of your glittering spear .
for you both had compassion on me in my chains , and joyfully accepted the plundering of your possessions , knowing that you have for yourselves a better possession and an enduring one in the heavens .
forty years old was i when moses the servant of yahweh sent me from kadesh barnea to spy out the land ; and i brought him word again as it was in my heart .
then our sons will be like well - nurtured plants , our daughters like pillars carved to adorn a palace .
he said to her , if they only bind me with new ropes with which no work has been done , then shall i become weak , and be as another man .
then he touched their eyes , saying , according to your faith be it done to you .
he took the people , and divided them into three companies , and laid wait in the field ; and he looked , and behold , the people came forth out of the city ; he rose up against them , and struck them .
so they went with the guard and made the tomb secure , sealing the stone .
but philip was found at azotus . passing through , he preached the good news to all the cities , until he came to caesarea .
for the far part of the tent westward you shall make six boards .
because it has been granted to you on behalf of christ , not only to believe in him , but also to suffer on his behalf ,
for when we were in the flesh , the sinful passions which were through the law , worked in our members to bring forth fruit to death .
this is the portion of a wicked man with god , the heritage of oppressors , which they receive from the almighty .
speak to the children of israel , and tell them , when you come into the land which i give you , then the land shall keep a sabbath to yahweh .
when the demon was cast out , the mute man spoke . the multitudes marveled , saying , nothing like this has ever been seen in israel !
he who rejects me , and does n't receive my sayings , has one who judges him . the word that i spoke , the same will judge him in the last day .
for then i will purify the lips of the peoples , that they may all call on the name of yahweh , to serve him shoulder to shoulder .
notwithstanding , no devoted thing , that a man shall devote to yahweh of all that he has , whether of man or animal , or of the field of his possession , shall be sold or redeemed : every devoted thing is most holy to yahweh .
therefore tell the house of israel , thus says the lord yahweh : i do n't do this for your sake , house of israel , but for my holy name , which you have profaned among the nations , where you went .
the rain came down , the floods came , and the winds blew , and beat on that house ; and it did n't fall , for it was founded on the rock .
and one loaf of bread , one cake of oiled bread , and one wafer out of the basket of unleavened bread that is before yahweh .
moses and eleazar the priest did as yahweh commanded moses .
therefore will i save my flock , and they shall no more be a prey ; and i will judge between sheep and sheep .
he shall kill the male lamb in the place where they kill the sin offering and the burnt offering , in the place of the sanctuary ; for as the sin offering is the priest 's , so is the trespass offering . it is most holy .
and the lamp of god had n't yet gone out , and samuel had laid down to sleep , in the temple of yahweh , where the ark of god was ;
the world ca n't hate you , but it hates me , because i testify about it , that its works are evil .
abram moved his tent , and came and lived by the oaks of mamre , which are in hebron , and built an altar there to yahweh .
joshua took makkedah on that day , and struck it with the edge of the sword , and the king of it : he utterly destroyed them and all the souls who were therein ; he left none remaining ; and he did to the king of makkedah as he had done to the king of jericho .
elkanah her husband said to her , hannah , why weep you ? and why do n't you eat ? and why is your heart grieved ? am i not better to you than ten sons ?
but if you will go , do valiantly , be strong for the battle : god will cast you down before the enemy ; for god has power to help , and to cast down .
let my lips utter praise , for you teach me your statutes .
their horses also are swifter than leopards , and are more fierce than the evening wolves . their horsemen press proudly on . yes , their horsemen come from afar . they fly as an eagle that hurries to devour .
therefore the anger of yahweh was kindled against this land , to bring on it all the curse that is written in this book ;
and tell them , thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel : behold , i will send and take nebuchadnezzar the king of babylon , my servant , and will set his throne on these stones that i have hidden ; and he shall spread his royal pavilion over them .
all the nations are like nothing before him . they are regarded by him as less than nothing , and vanity .
moses and aaron and the princes of the congregation numbered the sons of the kohathites by their families , and by their fathers ' houses ,
he was teaching in one of the synagogues on the sabbath day .
he gives great deliverance to his king , and shows loving kindness to his anointed , to david and to his seed , forevermore .
they watched him , and sent out spies , who pretended to be righteous , that they might trap him in something he said , so as to deliver him up to the power and authority of the governor .
the bones of joseph , which the children of israel brought up out of egypt , buried they in shechem , in the parcel of ground which jacob bought of the sons of hamor the father of shechem for a hundred pieces of money : and they became the inheritance of the children of joseph .
for you are a holy people to yahweh your god : yahweh your god has chosen you to be a people for his own possession , above all peoples who are on the face of the earth .
but god is the judge . he puts down one , and lifts up another .
after this , abraham buried sarah his wife in the cave of the field of machpelah before mamre ( that is , hebron ) , in the land of canaan .
do n't let riches entice you to wrath , neither let the great size of a bribe turn you aside .
they ate , and were filled . they took up seven baskets of broken pieces that were left over .
therefore i consider all of your precepts to be right . i hate every false way . pey
now brace yourself like a man . i will question you , and you will answer me .
my soul is weary of my life ; i will give free course to my complaint . i will speak in the bitterness of my soul .
in that day you will ask in my name ; and i do n't say to you , that i will pray to the father for you ,
then the congregation shall judge between the striker and the avenger of blood according to these ordinances ;
for now we live , if you stand fast in the lord .
it shall be square and folded double ; a span shall be its length of it , and a span its breadth .
but where shall wisdom be found ? where is the place of understanding ?
because of the chaldeans ; for they were afraid of them , because ishmael the son of nethaniah had killed gedaliah the son of ahikam , whom the king of babylon made governor over the land .
though i am righteous , my own mouth shall condemn me . though i am blameless , it shall prove me perverse .
for in your eating each one takes his own supper first . one is hungry , and another is drunken .
then he brought me back by the way of the outer gate of the sanctuary , which looks toward the east ; and it was shut .
do n't rejoice , o philistia , all of you , because the rod that struck you is broken ; for out of the serpent 's root an adder will emerge , and his fruit will be a fiery flying serpent .
he settled his gaze steadfastly on him , until he was ashamed : and the man of god wept .
their eyes were opened . jesus strictly charged them , saying , see that no one knows about this .
now i beg you , brothers , by our lord jesus christ , and by the love of the spirit , that you strive together with me in your prayers to god for me ,
you shall not be scared of them ; for yahweh your god is in the midst of you , a great and awesome god .
he is yahweh , our god . his judgments are in all the earth .
these uncovered her nakedness ; they took her sons and her daughters ; and her they killed with the sword : and she became a byword among women ; for they executed judgments on her .
how long shall i take counsel in my soul , having sorrow in my heart every day ? how long shall my enemy triumph over me ?
as it is taken off of the ox of the sacrifice of peace offerings . the priest shall burn them on the altar of burnt offering .
thus said yahweh : go down to the house of the king of judah , and speak there this word ,
you shall also make a basin of brass , and the base of it of brass , in which to wash . you shall put it between the tent of meeting and the altar , and you shall put water in it .
then i went on to the spring gate and to the king 's pool : but there was no place for the animal that was under me to pass .
david said , as yahweh lives , yahweh will strike him ; or his day shall come to die ; or he shall go down into battle and perish .
now the rest of the acts of rehoboam , and all that he did , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of judah ?
i will for this afflict the seed of david , but not forever .
nor filthiness , nor foolish talking , nor jesting , which are not appropriate ; but rather giving of thanks .
he who gives answer before he hears , that is folly and shame to him .
every garment , and every skin , whereon the semen is , shall be washed with water , and be unclean until the evening .
in the multitude of words there is no lack of disobedience , but he who restrains his lips does wisely .
he said to them , an enemy has done this . ' the servants asked him , do you want us to go and gather them up ? '
all the cities of the children of aaron , the priests , were thirteen cities with their suburbs .
he has made the earth by his power , he has established the world by his wisdom , and by his understanding has he stretched out the heavens :
do n't be afraid of the king of babylon , of whom you are afraid ; do n't be afraid of him , says yahweh : for i am with you to save you , and to deliver you from his hand .
you shall do no manner of work : it is a statute forever throughout your generations in all your dwellings .
they are of the world . therefore they speak of the world , and the world hears them .
i will cut off all the horns of the wicked , but the horns of the righteous shall be lifted up .
thus says yahweh of armies : i am jealous for zion with great jealousy , and i am jealous for her with great wrath .
and i will give you the treasures of darkness , and hidden riches of secret places , that you may know that it is i , yahweh , who call you by your name , even the god of israel .
the testimony is this , that god gave to us eternal life , and this life is in his son .
for this is even from israel ! the workman made it , and it is no god ; indeed , the calf of samaria shall be broken in pieces .
for there are many words that create vanity . what does that profit man ?
blessed be yahweh your god , who delighted in you , to set you on his throne , to be king for yahweh your god : because your god loved israel , to establish them forever , therefore made he you king over them , to do justice and righteousness .
why cry you for your hurt ? your pain is incurable : for the greatness of your iniquity , because your sins were increased , i have done these things to you .
is not this david , of whom they sang one to another in dances , saying , saul has slain his thousands , david his ten thousands ?
he looks at the earth , and it trembles . he touches the mountains , and they smoke .
now it happened in the seventh month , that ishmael the son of nethaniah , the son of elishama , of the seed royal and one of the chief officers of the king , and ten men with him , came to gedaliah the son of ahikam to mizpah ; and there they ate bread together in mizpah .
lift up your eyes round about , and see : they all gather themselves together , they come to you ; your sons shall come from far , and your daughters shall be carried in the arms .
the leper in whom the plague is shall wear torn clothes , and the hair of his head shall hang loose . he shall cover his upper lip , and shall cry , unclean ! unclean ! '
thus did moses , and aaron , and all the congregation of the children of israel , to the levites . according to all that yahweh commanded moses concerning the levites , so the children of israel did to them .
whose confidence shall break apart , whose trust is a spider 's web .
when he had destroyed seven nations in the land of canaan , he gave them their land for an inheritance , for about four hundred fifty years .
behold , this day your eyes have seen how that yahweh had delivered you today into my hand in the cave : and some bade me kill you ; but my eye spared you ; and i said , i will not put forth my hand against my lord ; for he is yahweh 's anointed .
and to have authority to heal sicknesses and to cast out demons :
also we made ordinances for us , to charge ourselves yearly with the third part of a shekel for the service of the house of our god ;
paul went down , and fell upon him , and embracing him said , do n't be troubled , for his life is in him .
i asked him the second time , what are these two olive branches , which are beside the two golden spouts , that pour the golden oil out of themselves ?
yes , he loads the thick cloud with moisture . he spreads abroad the cloud of his lightning .
when some of both the gentiles and the jews , with their rulers , made a violent attempt to mistreat and stone them ,
but if they will not pass over with you armed , they shall have possessions among you in the land of canaan .
therefore thus says yahweh concerning the prophets who prophesy in my name , and i did n't send them , yet they say , sword and famine shall not be in this land : by sword and famine shall those prophets be consumed .
he who loves purity of heart and speaks gracefully is the king 's friend .
he shall enter also into the glorious land , and many countries shall be overthrown ; but these shall be delivered out of his hand : edom , and moab , and the chief of the children of ammon .
but as for me , this secret is not revealed to me for any wisdom that i have more than any living , but to the intent that the interpretation may be made known to the king , and that you may know the thoughts of your heart .
so i bought a belt according to the word of yahweh , and put it on my waist .
moreover yahweh said to me in the days of josiah the king , have you seen that which backsliding israel has done ? she is gone up on every high mountain and under every green tree , and there has played the prostitute .
for god knows that in the day you eat it , your eyes will be opened , and you will be like god , knowing good and evil .
for whom he foreknew , he also predestined to be conformed to the image of his son , that he might be the firstborn among many brothers .
also thus said the king , blessed be yahweh , the god of israel , who has given one to sit on my throne this day , my eyes even seeing it .
furthermore you have sent for men who come from far , to whom a messenger was sent , and behold , they came ; for whom you did wash yourself , paint your eyes , and deck yourself with ornaments ,
tell them , as i live , says yahweh , surely as you have spoken in my ears , so will i do to you :
but now i am going to him who sent me , and none of you asks me , where are you going ? '
all the people answered together , and said , all that yahweh has spoken we will do . moses reported the words of the people to yahweh .
then the king of israel called all the elders of the land , and said , please notice how this man seeks mischief : for he sent to me for my wives , and for my children , and for my silver , and for my gold ; and i did n't deny him .
when the morning stars sang together , and all the sons of god shouted for joy ?
therefore their inhabitants had little power . they were dismayed and confounded . they were like the grass of the field , and like the green herb , like the grass on the housetops , and like a field before its crop has grown .
dominion and fear are with him ; he makes peace in his high places .
abijah joined battle with an army of valiant men of war , even four hundred thousand chosen men : and jeroboam set the battle in array against him with eight hundred thousand chosen men , who were mighty men of valor .
and you detest them . you shall not eat of their flesh , and you shall detest their carcasses .
so david gave to ornan for the place six hundred shekels of gold by weight .
remember your word to your servant , because you gave me hope .
saying , i will declare your name to my brothers . in the midst of the congregation i will sing your praise .
and the priest shall burn them on the altar for an offering made by fire to yahweh : it is a trespass offering .
you , son of man , prophesy to the mountains of israel , and say , you mountains of israel , hear the word of yahweh .
i struck you with blight and mildew many times in your gardens and your vineyards ; and your fig trees and your olive trees have the swarming locust devoured : yet you have n't returned to me , says yahweh .
then those who feared yahweh spoke one with another ; and yahweh listened , and heard , and a book of memory was written before him , for those who feared yahweh , and who honored his name .
come up to me , and help me , and let us strike gibeon ; for it has made peace with joshua and with the children of israel .
he put garrisons in edom ; and all the edomites became servants to david . yahweh gave victory to david wherever he went .
ten fat oxen , and twenty oxen out of the pastures , and one hundred sheep , besides harts , and gazelles , and roebucks , and fattened fowl .
but when he was forty years old , it came into his heart to visit his brothers , the children of israel .
and he said , yahweh , the god of israel , there is no god like you , in heaven above , or on earth beneath ; who keep covenant and loving kindness with your servants , who walk before you with all their heart ;
you shall not glean your vineyard , neither shall you gather the fallen grapes of your vineyard ; you shall leave them for the poor and for the foreigner . i am yahweh your god .
they shall keep your charge , and the charge of all the tent : only they shall not come near to the vessels of the sanctuary and to the altar , that they not die , neither they , nor you .
the house , that is , the temple before the oracle , was forty cubits long .
or do n't you know that all we who were baptized into christ jesus were baptized into his death ?
the king said , where is your master 's son ? ziba said to the king , behold , he abides at jerusalem ; for he said , today will the house of israel restore me the kingdom of my father .
the burning sand will become a pool , and the thirsty ground springs of water . grass with reeds and rushes will be in the habitation of jackals , where they lay .
greet one another with a holy kiss . the assemblies of christ greet you .
also maacah his mother he removed from being queen , because she had made an abominable image for an asherah ; and asa cut down her image , and burnt it at the brook kidron .
yahweh said to moses , do n't fear him : for i have delivered him into your hand , and all his people , and his land ; and you shall do to him as you did to sihon king of the amorites , who lived at heshbon .
jesus said to him , you have said it . nevertheless , i tell you , henceforth you will see the son of man sitting at the right hand of power , and coming on the clouds of the sky .
nadab the son of jeroboam began to reign over israel in the second year of asa king of judah ; and he reigned over israel two years .
but you do see trouble and grief ; you consider it to take it into your hand . you help the victim and the fatherless .
most assuredly i tell you , among those who are born of women there has not arisen anyone greater than john the baptizer ; yet he who is least in the kingdom of heaven is greater than he .
if the scourge kills suddenly , he will mock at the trial of the innocent .
you shall teach them your children , talking of them , when you sit in your house , and when you walk by the way , and when you lie down , and when you rise up .
let favor be shown to the wicked , yet he will not learn righteousness . in the land of uprightness he will deal wrongfully , and will not see yahweh 's majesty .
nabal answered david 's servants , and said , who is david ? and who is the son of jesse ? there are many servants who break away from their masters these days .
you were made alive when you were dead in transgressions and sins ,
the screen for the gate of the court was the work of the embroiderer , of blue , purple , scarlet , and fine twined linen . twenty cubits was the length , and the height in the breadth was five cubits , like to the hangings of the court .
moses said , the people , among whom i am , are six hundred thousand footmen ; and you have said , i will give them flesh , that they may eat a whole month .
it will be like when the harvester gathers the wheat , and his arm reaps the grain . yes , it will be like when one gleans grain in the valley of rephaim .
then the commanding officer came near , arrested him , commanded him to be bound with two chains , and inquired who he was and what he had done .
it happened , when ben hadad heard this message , as he was drinking , he and the kings , in the pavilions , that he said to his servants , set yourselves in array . they set themselves in array against the city .
so am i made to possess months of misery , wearisome nights are appointed to me .
with whom was he displeased forty years ? was n't it with those who sinned , whose bodies fell in the wilderness ?
it happened after these things , that god tested abraham , and said to him , abraham ! he said , here i am .
yahweh spoke to aaron , saying ,
there is a league between me and you , between my father and your father : behold , i have sent to you a present of silver and gold ; go , break your league with baasha king of israel , that he may depart from me .
the wicked are not so , but are like the chaff which the wind drives away .
for when a few years are come , i shall go the way from whence i shall not return .
therefore tell the children of israel , i am yahweh , and i will bring you out from under the burdens of the egyptians , and i will rid you out of their bondage , and i will redeem you with an outstretched arm , and with great judgments :
yahweh answered his people , behold , i will send you grain , new wine , and oil , and you will be satisfied with them ; and i will no more make you a reproach among the nations .
they are amazed . they answer no more . they do n't have a word to say .
for i did n't shrink from declaring to you the whole counsel of god .
on the other side of the jordan , of the reubenites , and the gadites , and of the half - tribe of manasseh , with all manner of instruments of war for the battle , one hundred twenty thousand .
you husbands , in like manner , live with your wives according to knowledge , giving honor to the woman , as to the weaker vessel , as being also joint heirs of the grace of life ; that your prayers may not be hindered .
and certain women who had been healed of evil spirits and infirmities : mary who was called magdalene , from whom seven demons had gone out ;
so that they shall take no wood out of the field , neither cut down any out of the forests ; for they shall make fires of the weapons ; and they shall plunder those who plundered them , and rob those who robbed them , says the lord yahweh .
and did n't inquire of yahweh : therefore he killed him , and turned the kingdom to david the son of jesse .
for this cause i also , having heard of the faith in the lord jesus which is among you , and the love which you have toward all the saints ,
by faith , he left egypt , not fearing the wrath of the king ; for he endured , as seeing him who is invisible .
but i am afraid that somehow , as the serpent deceived eve in his craftiness , so your minds might be corrupted from the simplicity that is in christ .
thus noah did . according to all that god commanded him , so he did .
he said to him the third time , simon , son of jonah , do you have affection for me ? peter was grieved because he asked him the third time , do you have affection for me ? he said to him , lord , you know everything . you know that i have affection for you . jesus said to him , feed my sheep .
behold , is n't it of yahweh of armies that the peoples labor for the fire , and the nations weary themselves for vanity ?
but if they say thus , come up to us ; then we will go up ; for yahweh has delivered them into our hand : and this shall be the sign to us .
and that all this assembly may know that yahweh does n't save with sword and spear : for the battle is yahweh 's , and he will give you into our hand .
suddenly there came from the sky a sound like the rushing of a mighty wind , and it filled all the house where they were sitting .
in the nine and thirtieth year of azariah king of judah began menahem the son of gadi to reign over israel , and reigned ten years in samaria .
you shall keep the charge of the sanctuary , and the charge of the altar ; that there be wrath no more on the children of israel .
these three were the sons of noah , and from these , the whole earth was populated .
not stealing , but showing all good fidelity ; that they may adorn the doctrine of god , our savior , in all things .
now she is in the streets , now in the squares , and lurking at every corner .
you shall chase your enemies , and they shall fall before you by the sword .
joshua defeated amalek and his people with the edge of the sword .
come now , you rich , weep and howl for your miseries that are coming on you .
then he said , i have sinned : yet honor me now , please , before the elders of my people , and before israel , and turn again with me , that i may worship yahweh your god .
as the gentiles heard this , they were glad , and glorified the word of god . as many as were appointed to eternal life believed .
all the people went over the jordan , and the king went over : and the king kissed barzillai , and blessed him ; and he returned to his own place .
but as for me , my prayer is to you , yahweh , in an acceptable time . god , in the abundance of your loving kindness , answer me in the truth of your salvation .
and he came even before the king 's gate : for none might enter within the king 's gate clothed with sackcloth .
jesus said to them , my food is to do the will of him who sent me , and to accomplish his work .
even as it is written , jacob i loved , but esau i hated .
behold , i give of the synagogue of satan , of those who say they are jews , and they are not , but lie . behold , i will make them to come and worship before your feet , and to know that i have loved you .
then the king held out to esther the golden scepter . so esther arose , and stood before the king .
joshua set up twelve stones in the midst of the jordan , in the place where the feet of the priests who bore the ark of the covenant stood : and they are there to this day .
god is faithful , through whom you were called into the fellowship of his son , jesus christ , our lord .
yahweh said to moses , write this for a memorial in a book , and rehearse it in the ears of joshua : that i will utterly blot out the memory of amalek from under the sky .
but he said , then bring meal . he cast it into the pot ; and he said , pour out for the people , that they may eat . there was no harm in the pot .
the merchants of these things , who were made rich by her , will stand far away for the fear of her torment , weeping and mourning ;
for in the multitude of dreams there are vanities , as well as in many words : but you must fear god .
when the wine ran out , jesus ' mother said to him , they have no wine .
we looked for peace , but no good came ; and for a time of healing , and behold , dismay !
but the fig tree said to them , should i leave my sweetness , and my good fruit , and go to wave back and forth over the trees ?
i declared my ways , and you answered me . teach me your statutes .
if one person sins unwittingly , then he shall offer a female goat a year old for a sin offering .
has not the same hezekiah taken away his high places and his altars , and commanded judah and jerusalem , saying , you shall worship before one altar , and on it shall you burn incense ?
for most assuredly , not to angels does he give help , but he gives help to the seed of abraham .
there were eight boards , and their sockets of silver , sixteen sockets ; under every board two sockets .
on the ninth day of the fourth month the famine was sore in the city , so that there was no bread for the people of the land .
but jesus knowing in himself that his disciples murmured at this , said to them , does this cause you to stumble ?
yahweh will do to them as he did to sihon and to og , the kings of the amorites , and to their land ; whom he destroyed .
rehoboam loved maacah the daughter of absalom above all his wives and his concubines : ( for he took eighteen wives , and sixty concubines , and became the father of twenty - eight sons and sixty daughters . )
declare you in judah , and publish in jerusalem ; and say , blow you the trumpet in the land : cry aloud and say , assemble yourselves , and let us go into the fortified cities .
there you shall serve gods , the work of men 's hands , wood and stone , which neither see , nor hear , nor eat , nor smell .
now the hand of yahweh had been on me in the evening , before he who was escaped came ; and he had opened my mouth , until he came to me in the morning ; and my mouth was opened , and i was no more mute .
david danced before yahweh with all his might ; and david was girded with a linen ephod .
make a joyful noise to yahweh , all the earth ! burst out and sing for joy , yes , sing praises !
the voice of one crying in the wilderness , make ready the way of the lord ! make his paths straight ! '
but i have told you these things , so that when the time comes , you may remember that i told you about them . i did n't tell you these things from the beginning , because i was with you .
i will visit on her the days of the baals , to which she burned incense , when she decked herself with her earrings and her jewels , and went after her lovers , and forgot me , says yahweh .
the philistines followed hard after saul and after his sons ; and the philistines killed jonathan , and abinadab , and malchishua , the sons of saul .
for the teraphim have spoken vanity , and the diviners have seen a lie ; and they have told false dreams . they comfort in vain . therefore they go their way like sheep . they are oppressed , because there is no shepherd .
then said david , o yahweh , the god of israel , your servant has surely heard that saul seeks to come to keilah , to destroy the city for my sake .
why have you made us to come up out of egypt , to bring us in to this evil place ? it is no place of seed , or of figs , or of vines , or of pomegranates ; neither is there any water to drink .
behold , how they reward us , to come to cast us out of your possession , which you have given us to inherit .
and they took him , and threw him into the pit . the pit was empty . there was no water in it .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
let us therefore , as many as are perfect , think this way . if in anything you think otherwise , god will also reveal that to you .
you shall say before yahweh your god , i have put away the holy things out of my house , and also have given them to the levite , and to the foreigner , to the fatherless , and to the widow , according to all your commandment which you have commanded me : i have not transgressed any of your commandments , neither have i forgotten them :
if he offers a lamb for his offering , then he shall offer it before yahweh ;
and the lampstands with their lamps , to burn according to the ordinance before the oracle , of pure gold ;
therefore will i do to the house which is called by my name , in which you trust , and to the place which i gave to you and to your fathers , as i did to shiloh .
now the serpent was more subtle than any animal of the field which yahweh god had made . he said to the woman , has god really said , you shall not eat of any tree of the garden ? '
now about that time , herod the king stretched out his hands to oppress some of the assembly .
if there arise a matter too hard for you in judgment , between blood and blood , between plea and plea , and between stroke and stroke , being matters of controversy within your gates ; then shall you arise , and go up to the place which yahweh your god shall choose ;
at the evening offering i arose up from my humiliation , even with my garment and my robe torn ; and i fell on my knees , and spread out my hands to yahweh my god ;
for i could wish that i myself were accursed from christ for my brothers ' sake , my relatives according to the flesh ,
he even tried to profane the temple , and we arrested him .
that joshua called for all israel , for their elders and for their heads , and for their judges and for their officers , and said to them , i am old and well stricken in years :
remember those who are in bonds , as bound with them ; and those who are ill - treated , since you are also in the body .
then whoever hears the sound of the trumpet , and does n't take warning , if the sword come , and take him away , his blood shall be on his own head .
the nations shall see your righteousness , and all kings your glory , and you shall be called by a new name , which the mouth of yahweh shall name .
in that day they will come to you from assyria and the cities of egypt , and from egypt even to the river , and from sea to sea , and mountain to mountain .
when he heard that jesus had come out of judea into galilee , he went to him , and begged him that he would come down and heal his son , for he was at the point of death .
the four angels were freed who had been prepared for that hour and day and month and year , so that they might kill one third of mankind .
there are also workmen with you in abundance , cutters and workers of stone and timber , and all kinds of men who are skillful in every kind of work :
and the border shall go down from shepham to riblah , on the east side of ain ; and the border shall go down , and shall reach to the side of the sea of chinnereth eastward ;
you turn things upside down ! should the potter be thought to be like clay ; that the thing made should say about him who made it , he did n't make me ; or the thing formed say of him who formed it , he has no understanding ?
but it was you , a man like me , my companion , and my familiar friend .
they struck all the cities round about gerar ; for the fear of yahweh came on them : and they despoiled all the cities ; for there was much spoil in them .
the name of the third river is hiddekel : this is the one which flows in front of assyria . the fourth river is the euphrates .
at meal time boaz said to her , come here , and eat of the bread , and dip your morsel in the vinegar . she sat beside the reapers , and they reached her parched grain , and she ate , and was sufficed , and left of it .
oh that the salvation of israel would come out of zion ! when yahweh restores the fortunes of his people , then jacob shall rejoice , and israel shall be glad .
a capital of brass was on it ; and the height of the one capital was five cubits , with network and pomegranates on the capital round about , all of brass : and the second pillar also had like these , and pomegranates .
i will strengthen the house of judah , and i will save the house of joseph , and i will bring them back ; for i have mercy on them ; and they will be as though i had not cast them off : for i am yahweh their god , and i will hear them .
but the righteous will live by faith . if he shrinks back , my soul has no pleasure in him .
there is gold and abundance of rubies ; but the lips of knowledge are a rare jewel .
if it bears fruit , fine ; but if not , after that , you can cut it down . '
and it shall be for aaron and his sons as their portion forever from the children of israel ; for it is a wave offering : and it shall be a wave offering from the children of israel of the sacrifices of their peace offerings , even their wave offering to yahweh .
if a man be found lying with a woman married to a husband , then they shall both of them die , the man who lay with the woman , and the woman : so shall you put away the evil from israel .
but jesus perceived their wickedness , and said , why do you test me , you hypocrites ?
then said jeremiah to zedekiah , thus says yahweh , the god of armies , the god of israel : if you will go forth to the king of babylon 's princes , then your soul shall live , and this city shall not be burned with fire ; and you shall live , and your house .
the soul of king david longed to go forth to absalom : for he was comforted concerning amnon , seeing he was dead .
through silvanus , our faithful brother , as i consider him , i have written to you briefly , exhorting , and testifying that this is the true grace of god in which you stand .
the earth was corrupt before god , and the earth was filled with violence .
take great stones in your hand , and hide them in mortar in the brick work , which is at the entry of pharaoh 's house in tahpanhes , in the sight of the men of judah ;
ahijah laid hold of the new garment that was on him , and tore it in twelve pieces .
the word of yahweh came again to me , saying ,
it happened , that when isaac was old , and his eyes were dim , so that he could not see , he called esau his elder son , and said to him , my son ? he said to him , here i am .
joshua said , roll great stones to the mouth of the cave , and set men by it to keep them :
delilah said to samson , tell me , please , in which your great strength lies , and with which you might be bound to afflict you .
behold , a certain lawyer stood up and tested him , saying , teacher , what shall i do to inherit eternal life ?
jonathan climbed up on his hands and on his feet , and his armor bearer after him : and they fell before jonathan ; and his armor bearer killed them after him .
let him turn away from evil , and do good . let him seek peace , and pursue it .
yet they tempted and rebelled against the most high god , and did n't keep his testimonies ;
the sons of the prophets said to elisha , see now , the place where we dwell before you is too strait for us .
it was so , when the days of their feasting had run their course , that job sent and sanctified them , and rose up early in the morning , and offered burnt offerings according to the number of them all . for job said , it may be that my sons have sinned , and renounced god in their hearts . thus did job continually .
and to love him with all the heart , and with all the understanding , with all the soul , and with all the strength , and to love his neighbor as himself , is more important than all whole burnt offerings and sacrifices .
because he considers , and turns away from all his transgressions that he has committed , he shall surely live , he shall not die .
open your doors , lebanon , that the fire may devour your cedars .
he shall sprinkle some of the blood on it with his finger seven times , and cleanse it , and make it holy from the uncleanness of the children of israel .
for john was not yet thrown into prison .
yes , you have borne the tent of your king and the shrine of your images , the star of your god , which you made for yourselves .
and saying , you who destroy the temple , and build it in three days , save yourself ! if you are the son of god , come down from the cross !
in whose hand is the life of every living thing , the breath of all mankind ?
the king sat on his seat , as at other times , even on the seat by the wall ; and jonathan stood up , and abner sat by saul 's side : but david 's place was empty .
some therefore cried one thing , and some another , for the assembly was in confusion . most of them did n't know why they had come together .
they said , has yahweh indeed spoken only with moses ? has n't he spoken also with us ? yahweh heard it .
and said , i beg you , yahweh , the god of heaven , the great and awesome god , who keeps covenant and loving kindness with those who love him and keep his commandments :
they made bells of pure gold , and put the bells between the pomegranates around the skirts of the robe , between the pomegranates ;
moses spoke to the children of israel ; and all their princes gave him rods , for each prince one , according to their fathers ' houses , even twelve rods : and the rod of aaron was among their rods .
fulfill your promise to your servant , that you may be feared .
he sent yet a third , and they also wounded him , and threw him out .
because they did n't obey the voice of yahweh their god , but transgressed his covenant , even all that moses the servant of yahweh commanded , and would not hear it , nor do it .
this house was finished on the third day of the month adar , which was in the sixth year of the reign of darius the king .
who satisfies your desire with good things , so that your youth is renewed like the eagle 's .
among the sons of the priests there were found who had married foreign women : namely , of the sons of jeshua , the son of jozadak , and his brothers , maaseiah , and eliezer , and jarib , and gedaliah .
their horses were seven hundred thirty - six ; their mules , two hundred forty - five ;
she put her hand to the tent peg , her right hand to the workmen 's hammer ; with the hammer she struck sisera , she struck through his head ; yes , she pierced and struck through his temples .
so i was left alone , and saw this great vision , and there remained no strength in me ; for my comeliness was turned in me into corruption , and i retained no strength .
and you shall love yahweh your god with all your heart , and with all your soul , and with all your might .
yahweh , god of armies , hear my prayer . listen , god of jacob . selah .
he commanded them , saying , this is what you shall tell my lord , esau : this is what your servant , jacob , says . i have lived as a foreigner with laban , and stayed until now .
but he said , on the contrary , blessed are those who hear the word of god , and keep it .
then the lust , when it has conceived , bears sin ; and the sin , when it is full grown , brings forth death .
it will be , that whoever will call on the name of the lord will be saved . '
at the end of the days which the king had appointed for bringing them in , the prince of the eunuchs brought them in before nebuchadnezzar .
the woman of tekoa said to the king , my lord , o king , the iniquity be on me , and on my father 's house ; and the king and his throne be guiltless .
your clothing did n't grow old on you , neither did your foot swell , these forty years .
as for the works of men , by the word of your lips i have kept myself from the ways of the violent .
behold , i will command , says yahweh , and cause them to return to this city ; and they shall fight against it , and take it , and burn it with fire : and i will make the cities of judah a desolation , without inhabitant .
he who is slow to anger has great understanding , but he who has a quick temper displays folly .
i made treasurers over the treasuries , shelemiah the priest , and zadok the scribe , and of the levites , pedaiah : and next to them was hanan the son of zaccur , the son of mattaniah ; for they were counted faithful , and their business was to distribute to their brothers .
then all the jews returned out of all places where they were driven , and came to the land of judah , to gedaliah , to mizpah , and gathered wine and summer fruits very much .
to a foreigner you may lend on interest ; but to your brother you shall not lend on interest , that yahweh your god may bless you in all that you put your hand to , in the land where you go in to possess it .
when the lord shall have washed away the filth of the daughters of zion , and shall have purged the blood of jerusalem from its midst , by the spirit of justice , and by the spirit of burning .
shecaniah the son of jehiel , one of the sons of elam , answered ezra , we have trespassed against our god , and have married foreign women of the peoples of the land : yet now there is hope for israel concerning this thing .
aaron returned to moses to the door of the tent of meeting : and the plague was stayed .
if we confess our sins , he is faithful and righteous to forgive us the sins , and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness .
the staff of his spear was like a weaver 's beam ; and his spear 's head weighed six hundred shekels of iron : and his shield bearer went before him .
and behold there was a man with a withered hand . they asked him , is it lawful to heal on the sabbath day ? that they might accuse him .
it happened the same night , that yahweh said to him , take your father 's bull , even the second bull seven years old , and throw down the altar of baal that your father has , and cut down the asherah that is by it ;
the pharisees came out and began to question him , seeking from him a sign from heaven , and testing him .
after him repaired the priests , the men of the plain .
for this cause i write these things while absent , that i may not deal sharply when present , according to the authority which the lord gave me for building up , and not for tearing down .
out of them shall proceed thanksgiving and the voice of those who make merry : and i will multiply them , and they shall not be few ; i will also glorify them , and they shall not be small .
those who fashion an engraved image are all of them vanity ; and the things that they delight in shall not profit ; and their own witnesses do n't see , nor know : that they may be disappointed .
thus says yahweh : behold , i will raise up against babylon , and against those who dwell in lebkamai , a destroying wind .
moses said , this is the thing which yahweh commanded that you should do : and the glory of yahweh shall appear to you .
behold , he speaks openly , and they say nothing to him . can it be that the rulers indeed know that this is truly the christ ?
in the fourth generation they will come here again , for the iniquity of the amorite is not yet full .
concerning this thing , i begged the lord three times that it might depart from me .
the name of the second , he called ephraim : for god has made me fruitful in the land of my affliction .
the people said to joshua , no ; but we will serve yahweh .
the rough male goat is the king of greece : and the great horn that is between his eyes is the first king .
when his armor bearer saw that saul was dead , he likewise fell on his sword , and died .
he said , brothers and fathers , listen . the god of glory appeared to our father abraham , when he was in mesopotamia , before he lived in haran ,
but woe to you who are rich ! for you have received your consolation .
gideon the son of joash died in a good old age , and was buried in the tomb of joash his father , in ophrah of the abiezrites .
stay with him a few days , until your brother 's fury turns away ;
the servants of achish said to him , is n't this david the king of the land ? did n't they sing one to another about him in dances , saying , saul has slain his thousands , david his ten thousands ? '
it happened , from the day that the ark abode in kiriath jearim , that the time was long ; for it was twenty years : and all the house of israel lamented after yahweh .
one of his disciples , andrew , simon peter 's brother , said to him ,
the woman answered , i have no husband . jesus said to her , you said well , i have no husband , '
but in the eighteenth year of king josiah was this passover kept to yahweh in jerusalem .
his eyes will be red with wine , his teeth white with milk .
will you harass a driven leaf ? will you pursue the dry stubble ?
good and upright is yahweh , therefore he will instruct sinners in the way .
now while paul waited for them at athens , his spirit was provoked within him as he saw the city full of idols .
his disciples said to him , if this is the case of the man with his wife , it is not expedient to marry .
their bulls breed without fail . their cows calve , and do n't miscarry .
one male goat for a sin offering ;
again , when i say to the wicked , you shall surely die ; if he turn from his sin , and do that which is lawful and right ;
these things have i spoken to you , so that you would n't be caused to stumble .
the pharisees therefore said to him , you testify about yourself . your testimony is not valid .
when hezekiah and the princes came and saw the heaps , they blessed yahweh , and his people israel .
then the priest shall command that they take out the stones in which is the plague , and cast them into an unclean place outside of the city :
as for the prince , he shall sit therein as prince to eat bread before yahweh ; he shall enter by the way of the porch of the gate , and shall go out by the way of the same .
god worked special miracles by the hands of paul ,
behold , a woman who had an issue of blood for twelve years came behind him , and touched the tassels of his garment ;
a workman has cast an image , and the goldsmith overlays it with gold , and casts silver chains for it .
yahweh said to moses , tell aaron , stretch out your rod , and strike the dust of the earth , that it may become lice throughout all the land of egypt . '
now the rest of the acts of menahem , and all that he did , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of israel ?
for death is come up into our windows , it is entered into our palaces ; to cut off the children from outside , and the young men from the streets .
he said , please show me your glory .
i made myself gardens and parks , and i planted trees in them of all kinds of fruit .
neither shall you covet your neighbor 's wife ; neither shall you desire your neighbor 's house , his field , or his male servant , or his female servant , his ox , or his donkey , or anything that is your neighbor 's .
we know that god has spoken to moses . but as for this man , we do n't know where he comes from .
their tents and their flocks shall they take ; they shall carry away for themselves their curtains , and all their vessels , and their camels ; and they shall cry to them , terror on every side !
he said to me , to build her a house in the land of shinar . when it is prepared , she will be set there in her own place .
judah sent the kid of the goats by the hand of his friend , the adullamite , to receive the pledge from the woman 's hand , but he did n't find her .
they came , both men and women , as many as were willing - hearted , and brought brooches , earrings , signet rings , and armlets , all jewels of gold ; even every man who offered an offering of gold to yahweh .
moses and eleazar the priest took the gold of them , even all worked jewels .
moses took the anointing oil , and anointed the tabernacle and all that was in it , and sanctified them .
so the king went over to gilgal , and chimham went over with him : and all the people of judah brought the king over , and also half the people of israel .
the man , the master of the house , went out to them , and said to them , no , my brothers , please do n't act so wickedly ; seeing that this man is come into my house , do n't do this folly .
because if our heart condemns us , god is greater than our heart , and knows all things .
we ca n't reach the almighty , he is exalted in power ; in justice and great righteousness he will not oppress .
joab the son of zeruiah was over the army ; and jehoshaphat the son of ahilud was recorder ;
but who can endure the day of his coming ? and who will stand when he appears ? for he is like a refiner 's fire , and like launderer 's soap ;
they answered that they did n't know where it was from .
the lord of that servant will come in a day when he does n't expect it , and in an hour when he does n't know it ,
who died for us , that , whether we wake or sleep , we should live together with him .
i made known to them your name , and will make it known ; that the love with which you loved me may be in them , and i in them .
and the peace of god , which surpasses all understanding , will guard your hearts and your thoughts in christ jesus .
the multitudes said , this is the prophet , jesus , from nazareth of galilee .
so then neither he who plants is anything , nor he who waters , but god who gives the increase .
for however many are the promises of god , in him is the yes . therefore also through him is the amen , to the glory of god through us .
he puts forth his hand on the flinty rock , and he overturns the mountains by the roots .
oh let the nations be glad and sing for joy , for you will judge the peoples with equity , and govern the nations on earth . selah .
outside of the inner gate were chambers for the singers in the inner court , which was at the side of the north gate ; and their prospect was toward the south ; one at the side of the east gate having the prospect toward the north .
you are my king , god . command victories for jacob !
i came this day to the spring , and said , yahweh , the god of my master abraham , if now you do prosper my way which i go
for yahweh your god walks in the midst of your camp , to deliver you , and to give up your enemies before you ; therefore shall your camp be holy , that he may not see an unclean thing in you , and turn away from you .
he went in also to rachel , and he loved also rachel more than leah , and served with him yet seven other years .
do to them as you did to midian , as to sisera , as to jabin , at the river kishon ;
then all the captains of the forces , and johanan the son of kareah , and jezaniah the son of hoshaiah , and all the people from the least even to the greatest , came near ,
if a man dies , shall he live again ? all the days of my warfare would i wait , until my release should come .
the magicians did in like manner with their enchantments , and brought up frogs on the land of egypt .
if you forsake yahweh , and serve foreign gods , then he will turn and do you evil , and consume you , after that he has done you good .
pour out your indignation on them . let the fierceness of your anger overtake them .
you divided the sea before them , so that they went through the midst of the sea on the dry land ; and their pursuers you did cast into the depths , as a stone into the mighty waters .
when paul wanted to enter in to the people , the disciples did n't allow him .
now the children of reuben and the children of gad had a very great multitude of livestock : and when they saw the land of jazer , and the land of gilead , that behold , the place was a place for livestock ;
of the teaching of baptisms , of laying on of hands , of resurrection of the dead , and of eternal judgment .
moreover yahweh your god will send the hornet among them , until those who are left , and hide themselves , perish from before you .
moses said to aaron , and to eleazar and to ithamar , his sons , do n't let the hair of your heads go loose , neither tear your clothes ; that you do n't die , and that he not be angry with all the congregation : but let your brothers , the whole house of israel , bewail the burning which yahweh has kindled .
he who says he is in the light and hates his brother , is in the darkness even until now .
lod , and ono , the valley of craftsmen .
when you are in oppression , and all these things are come on you , in the latter days you shall return to yahweh your god , and listen to his voice :
i , tertius , who write the letter , greet you in the lord .
you who tell good news to zion , go up on a high mountain . you who tell good news to jerusalem , lift up your voice with strength . lift it up . do n't be afraid . say to the cities of judah , behold , your god !
he who oppresses the poor shows contempt for his maker , but he who is kind to the needy honors him .
for wherever the carcass is , there will the vultures be gathered together .
kedemoth with its suburbs , and mephaath with its suburbs ; four cities .
the fortress shall cease from ephraim , and the kingdom from damascus , and the remnant of syria . they will be as the glory of the children of israel , says yahweh of armies .
for the land , where you go in to possess it , is n't as the land of egypt , from whence you came out , where you sowed your seed , and watered it with your foot , as a garden of herbs ;
therefore the wild animals of the desert with the wolves shall dwell there , and the ostriches shall dwell therein : and it shall be no more inhabited forever ; neither shall it be lived in from generation to generation .
but a whole month , until it come out at your nostrils , and it be loathsome to you ; because that you have rejected yahweh who is among you , and have wept before him , saying , why came we forth out of egypt ?
behold , he spreads his light around him . he covers the bottom of the sea .
for he was wiser than all men ; than ethan the ezrahite , and heman , and calcol , and darda , the sons of mahol : and his fame was in all the nations round about .
he said to the king of israel , put your hand on the bow ; and he put his hand on it . elisha laid his hands on the king 's hands .
now therefore call to me all the prophets of baal , all his worshippers , and all his priests ; let none be wanting : for i have a great sacrifice to do to baal ; whoever shall be wanting , he shall not live . but jehu did it in subtlety , to the intent that he might destroy the worshippers of baal .
but if he ca n't afford two turtledoves , or two young pigeons , then he shall bring his offering for that in which he has sinned , the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour for a sin offering . he shall put no oil on it , neither shall he put any frankincense on it , for it is a sin offering .
which is easier to say , your sins are forgiven you ; ' or to say , arise and walk ? '
but he said to them , you give them something to eat . they said , we have no more than five loaves and two fish , unless we should go and buy food for all these people .
but ahaz said , i will not ask , neither will i tempt yahweh .
then david the king went in , and sat before yahweh ; and he said , who am i , yahweh god , and what is my house , that you have brought me thus far ?
the man said , this is now bone of my bones , and flesh of my flesh . she will be called woman , because she was taken out of man .
on the three and twentieth day of the seventh month he sent the people away to their tents , joyful and glad of heart for the goodness that yahweh had shown to david , and to solomon , and to israel his people .
( all of which perish with use ) , according to the precepts and doctrines of men ?
therefore will i also deal in wrath ; my eye shall not spare , neither will i have pity ; and though they cry in my ears with a loud voice , yet will i not hear them .
by patience a ruler is persuaded . a soft tongue breaks the bone .
the caravans that travel beside them turn aside ; they go up into the waste , and perish .
not boasting beyond proper limits in other men 's labors , but having hope that as your faith grows , we will be abundantly enlarged by you in our sphere of influence ,
it happened , when the captains of the chariots saw jehoshaphat , that they said , it is the king of israel . therefore they turned about to fight against him : but jehoshaphat cried out , and yahweh helped him ; and god moved them to depart from him .
their redeemer is strong ; yahweh of armies is his name : he will thoroughly plead their cause , that he may give rest to the earth , and disquiet the inhabitants of babylon .
then said i in my heart , as it happens to the fool , so will it happen even to me ; and why was i then more wise ? then said i in my heart that this also is vanity .
when she had said this , she turned around and saw jesus standing , and did n't know that it was jesus .
be of good courage , and let us play the man for our people , and for the cities of our god : and yahweh do that which seems him good .
because yahweh was not able to bring this people into the land which he swore to them , therefore he has slain them in the wilderness .
to fulfill the word of yahweh by the mouth of jeremiah , until the land had enjoyed its sabbaths : for as long as it lay desolate it kept sabbath , to fulfill seventy years .
but all their works they do to be seen by men . they make their phylacteries broad , enlarge the fringes of their garments ,
so , because you are lukewarm , and neither hot nor cold , i will vomit you out of my mouth .
again he said , to what shall i compare the kingdom of god ?
they made two settings of gold , and two gold rings , and put the two rings on the two ends of the breastplate .
whatever shall touch its flesh shall be holy . when there is any of its blood sprinkled on a garment , you shall wash that on which it was sprinkled in a holy place .
for they all saw him , and were troubled . but he immediately spoke with them , and said to them , cheer up ! it is i ! do n't be afraid .
you daughters of israel , weep over saul , who clothed you in scarlet delicately , who put ornaments of gold on your clothing .
he said to her , what do you want ? she said to him , command that these , my two sons , may sit , one on your right hand , and one on your left hand , in your kingdom .
many of the multitude therefore , when they heard these words , said , this is truly the prophet .
david called one of the young men , and said , go near , and fall on him . he struck him , so that he died .
of asher he said , blessed be asher with children ; let him be acceptable to his brothers , let him dip his foot in oil .
behold , how great a love the father has bestowed on us , that we should be called children of god ! for this cause the world does n't know us , because it did n't know him .
her sister oholibah saw this , yet was she more corrupt in her doting than she , and in her prostitution which were more than the prostitution of her sister .
when aaron lights the lamps at evening , he shall burn it , a perpetual incense before yahweh throughout your generations .
the wicked , in the pride of his face , has no room in his thoughts for god .
he shall sprinkle on him who is to be cleansed from the leprosy seven times , and shall pronounce him clean , and shall let the living bird go into the open field .
this land we took in possession at that time : from aroer , which is by the valley of the arnon , and half the hill country of gilead , and the cities of it , gave i to the reubenites and to the gadites :
which , when it was filled , they drew up on the beach . they sat down , and gathered the good into containers , but the bad they threw away .
it will happen at that time , that i will search jerusalem with lamps , and i will punish the men who are settled on their dregs , who say in their heart , yahweh will not do good , neither will he do evil .
so the priests , and the levites , and the porters , and the singers , and some of the people , and the nethinim , and all israel , lived in their cities . when the seventh month was come , the children of israel were in their cities .
if his father have no brothers , then you shall give his inheritance to his kinsman who is next to him of his family , and he shall possess it : and it shall be to the children of israel a statute and ordinance , as yahweh commanded moses .
samuel said to him , yahweh has torn the kingdom of israel from you this day , and has given it to a neighbor of yours who is better than you .
each one went straight forward : where the spirit was to go , they went ; they did n't turn when they went .
he arose , and came to his father . but while he was still far off , his father saw him , and was moved with compassion , and ran , and fell on his neck , and kissed him .
but we are not of those who shrink back to destruction , but of those who have faith to the saving of the soul .
the sound of the wings of the cherubim was heard even to the outer court , as the voice of god almighty when he speaks .
joy comes to a man with the reply of his mouth . how good is a word at the right time !
that they may know that this is your hand ; that you , yahweh , have done it .
therefore shall you serve your enemies whom yahweh shall send against you , in hunger , and in thirst , and in nakedness , and in want of all things : and he shall put a yoke of iron on your neck , until he have destroyed you .
for the fruit of the spirit is in all goodness and righteousness and truth ,
they will by no means follow a stranger , but will flee from him ; for they do n't know the voice of strangers .
yahweh spoke to moses in the wilderness of sinai , in the first month of the second year after they had come out of the land of egypt , saying ,
if anyone sins , in that he hears the voice of adjuration , he being a witness , whether he has seen or known , if he does n't report it , then he shall bear his iniquity .
i say that your counsel and strength for the war are only vain words . now in whom do you trust , that you have rebelled against me ?
abner had communication with the elders of israel , saying , in times past you sought for david to be king over you :
the crucible is for silver , and the furnace for gold ; but man is refined by his praise .
but of the son he says , your throne , o god , is forever and ever ; the scepter of uprightness is the scepter of your kingdom .
you shall give to the priests the levites who are of the seed of zadok , who are near to me , to minister to me , says the lord yahweh , a young bull for a sin offering .
and to the angel of the assembly in sardis write : he who has the seven spirits of god , and the seven stars says these things : i know your works , that you have a reputation of being alive , but you are dead .
my son , do n't forget my teaching ; but let your heart keep my commandments :
their houses are safe from fear , neither is the rod of god upon them .
then we told them after this manner , what the names of the men were who were making this building .
here is the patience of the saints , those who keep the commandments of god , and the faith of jesus .
the ark of the testimony with its poles , the mercy seat ,
this ezra went up from babylon : and he was a ready scribe in the law of moses , which yahweh , the god of israel , had given ; and the king granted him all his request , according to the hand of yahweh his god on him .
he dealt well with abram for her sake . he had sheep , oxen , male donkeys , male servants , female servants , female donkeys , and camels .
the refining pot is for silver , and the furnace for gold , but yahweh tests the hearts .
but whoever keeps his word , god 's love has most assuredly been perfected in him . this is how we know that we are in him :
it happened on the next day after the new moon , which was the second day , that david 's place was empty : and saul said to jonathan his son , why does n't the son of jesse come to meat , neither yesterday , nor today ?
but to each one of us was the grace given according to the measure of the gift of christ .
those who worship the army of the sky on the housetops , those who worship and swear by yahweh and also swear by malcam ,
he who hates me , hates my father also .
i will fill its mountains with its slain : in your hills and in your valleys and in all your watercourses shall they fall who are slain with the sword .
behold , an angel of the lord stood by them , and the glory of the lord shone around them , and they were terrified .
if the plague comes again , and breaks out in the house , after he has taken out the stones , and after he has scraped the house , and after it was plastered ;
offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving of that which is leavened , and proclaim free will offerings and brag about them : for this pleases you , you children of israel , says the lord yahweh .
having been made perfect , he became to all of those who obey him the author of eternal salvation ,
commit your way to yahweh . trust also in him , and he will do this :
for an angel of the lord went down at certain times into the pool , and stirred up the water . whoever stepped in first after the stirring of the water was made whole of whatever disease he had .
jesus said to them , i am the bread of life . he who comes to me will not be hungry , and he who believes in me will never be thirsty .
he will say , where are their gods , the rock in which they took refuge ;
do n't you consider what this people has spoken , saying , the two families which yahweh did choose , he has cast them off ? thus do they despise my people , that they should be no more a nation before them .
even in the third year of asa king of judah did baasha kill him , and reigned in his place .
your renown went forth among the nations for your beauty ; for it was perfect , through my majesty which i had put on you , says the lord yahweh .
i said , you are gods , all of you are sons of the most high .
for thus says yahweh , the god of israel , the jar of meal shall not empty , neither shall the jar of oil fail , until the day that yahweh sends rain on the earth .
but paul said to them , they have beaten us publicly , without a trial , men who are romans , and have cast us into prison ! do they now release us secretly ? no , most assuredly , but let them come themselves and bring us out !
a voice of the wailing of the shepherds ! for their glory is destroyed : a voice of the roaring of young lions ! for the pride of the jordan is ruined .
we have the more sure word of prophecy ; whereunto you do well that you take heed , as to a lamp shining in a dark place , until the day dawns , and the morning star arises in your hearts :
and the priest shall offer the burnt offering and the meal offering on the altar . the priest shall make atonement for him , and he shall be clean .
all the instruments of the tent in all its service , and all the pins of it , and all the pins of the court , shall be of brass .
yes , the sparrow has found a home , and the swallow a nest for herself , where she may have her young , near your altars , yahweh of armies , my king , and my god .
this saying is faithful and worthy of all acceptance .
for yahweh of armies , who planted you , has pronounced evil against you , because of the evil of the house of israel and of the house of judah , which they have worked for themselves in provoking me to anger by offering incense to baal .
however much she glorified herself , and grew wanton , so much give her of torment and mourning . for she says in her heart , i sit a queen , and am no widow , and will in no way see mourning . '
sing , you heavens , for yahweh has done it ; shout , you lower parts of the earth ; break forth into singing , you mountains , o forest , and every tree therein : for yahweh has redeemed jacob , and will glorify himself in israel .
for you need endurance so that , having done the will of god , you may receive the promise .
in all the land were no women found so beautiful as the daughters of job . their father gave them an inheritance among their brothers .
the noise of the whip , the noise of the rattling of wheels , prancing horses , and bounding chariots ,
they led jesus away to the high priest . all the chief priests , the elders , and the scribes came together with him .
do n't you yet perceive , neither remember the five loaves for the five thousand , and how many baskets you took up ?
unless it is for this one thing that i cried standing among them , concerning the resurrection of the dead i am being judged before you today ! '
the man grew great , and grew more and more until he became very great .
the people said to joshua , yahweh our god will we serve , and to his voice will we listen .
he killed of edom in the valley of salt ten thousand , and took sela by war , and called the name of it joktheel , to this day .
he said to them , is it lawful on the sabbath day to do good , or to do harm ? to save a life , or to kill ? but they were silent .
the house which king solomon built for yahweh , the length of it was sixty cubits , and the breadth of it twenty cubits , and the height of it thirty cubits .
he is like a man building a house , who dug and went deep , and laid a foundation on the rock . when a flood arose , the stream broke against that house , and could not shake it , because it was founded on the rock .
but if you will not listen to me to make the sabbath day holy , and not to bear a burden and enter in at the gates of jerusalem on the sabbath day ; then will i kindle a fire in the gates of it , and it shall devour the palaces of jerusalem , and it shall not be quenched .
at that time , jesus went on the sabbath day through the grain fields . his disciples were hungry and began to pluck heads of grain and to eat .
having condemnation , because they have rejected their first pledge .
and i thank him who enabled me , christ jesus our lord , because he counted me faithful , appointing me to service ;
for we must needs die , and are as water split on the ground , which ca n't be gathered up again ; neither does god take away life , but devises means , that he who is banished not be an outcast from him .
when you rebuke and correct man for iniquity , you consume his wealth like a moth . surely every man is but a breath . selah .
with the merciful you will show yourself merciful . with the perfect man , you will show yourself perfect .
let the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be acceptable in your sight , yahweh , my rock , and my redeemer .
for who is god , except yahweh ? who is a rock , besides our god ,
saul saw and knew that yahweh was with david ; and michal , saul 's daughter , loved him .
he made the ephod of gold , blue , purple , scarlet , and fine twined linen .
but yahweh , who brought you up out of the land of egypt with great power and with an outstretched arm , him shall you fear , and to him shall you bow yourselves , and to him shall you sacrifice :
this was a small thing in your eyes , god ; but you have spoken of your servant 's house for a great while to come , and have regarded me according to the estate of a man of high degree , yahweh god .
why are you in despair , my soul ? why are you disturbed within me ? hope in god ! for i shall still praise him , the saving help of my countenance , and my god .
thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel : go , and tell the men of judah and the inhabitants of jerusalem , will you not receive instruction to listen to my words ? says yahweh .
the way of the wicked is an abomination to yahweh , but he loves him who follows after righteousness .
there was no day like that before it or after it , that yahweh listened to the voice of a man : for yahweh fought for israel .
when i tell the wicked , you shall surely die ; and you give him no warning , nor speak to warn the wicked from his wicked way , to save his life ; the same wicked man shall die in his iniquity ; but his blood will i require at your hand .
he entered again into the synagogue , and there was a man there who had his hand withered .
there is a river , the streams of which make the city of god glad , the holy place of the tents of the most high .
they have all turned aside . they have together become unprofitable . there is no one who does good , no , not , so much as one .
it is better to dwell in the corner of the housetop , than to share a house with a contentious woman .
for if we had n't delayed , surely we would have returned a second time by now .
it shall be that , when they enter in at the gates of the inner court , they shall be clothed with linen garments ; and no wool shall come on them , while they minister in the gates of the inner court , and within .
it happened in the morning watch , that yahweh looked out on the egyptian army through the pillar of fire and of cloud , and confused the egyptian army .
yahweh delivered to me the two tables of stone written with the finger of god ; and on them was written according to all the words , which yahweh spoke with you on the mountain out of the midst of the fire in the day of the assembly .
in his humiliation , his judgment was taken away . who will declare his generation ? for his life is taken from the earth .
now let a little water be fetched , wash your feet , and rest yourselves under the tree .
you blind guides , who strain out a gnat , and swallow a camel !
let pharaoh do this , and let him appoint overseers over the land , and take up the fifth part of the land of egypt 's produce in the seven plenteous years .
aaron shall be gathered to his people ; for he shall not enter into the land which i have given to the children of israel , because you rebelled against my word at the waters of meribah .
in the plain of the jordan did the king cast them , in the clay ground between succoth and zeredah .
for i will restore health to you , and i will heal you of your wounds , says yahweh ; because they have called you an outcast , saying , it is zion , whom no man seeks after .
i am the vine . you are the branches . he who remains in me , and i in him , the same bears much fruit , for apart from me you can do nothing .
they stirred up the people , the elders , and the scribes , and came against him and seized him , and brought him in to the council ,
these four were born to the giant in gath ; and they fell by the hand of david , and by the hand of his servants .
his parents went every year to jerusalem at the feast of the passover .
you uncovered your bow . you called for your sworn arrows . selah . you split the earth with rivers .
you shall walk in all the way which yahweh your god has commanded you , that you may live , and that it may be well with you , and that you may prolong your days in the land which you shall possess .
but when this , your son , came , who has devoured your living with prostitutes , you killed the fattened calf for him . '
they were astonished beyond measure , saying , he has done all things well . he makes even the deaf hear , and the mute speak !
jacob lifted up his eyes , and looked , and , behold , esau was coming , and with him four hundred men . he divided the children between leah , rachel , and the two handmaids .
i will observe your statutes . do n't utterly forsake me . beit
all those who were numbered of the levites , whom moses and aaron and the princes of israel numbered , by their families , and by their fathers ' houses ,
for he has strengthened the bars of your gates . he has blessed your children within you .
and led him to annas first , for he was father - in - law to caiaphas , who was high priest that year .
one of his servants answered , please let some take five of the horses that remain , which are left in the city ( behold , they are as all the multitude of israel who are left in it ; behold , they are as all the multitude of israel who are consumed ) ; and let us send and see .
his power shall be mighty , but not by his own power ; and he shall destroy wonderfully , and shall prosper and do his pleasure ; and he shall destroy the mighty ones and the holy people .
the name of the other was eliezer , for he said , my father 's god was my help and delivered me from pharaoh 's sword .
when its boughs are withered , they will be broken off . the women will come and set them on fire , for they are a people of no understanding . therefore he who made them will not have compassion on them , and he who formed them will show them no favor .
but if the bright spot stays in its place , and has n't spread , it is the scar from the boil ; and the priest shall pronounce him clean .
whatever yahweh pleased , that he has done , in heaven and in earth , in the seas and in all deeps ;
and i will shake all nations . the precious things of all nations will come , and i will fill this house with glory , says yahweh of armies .
i will be his father , and he shall be my son : and i will not take my loving kindness away from him , as i took it from him that was before you ;
seeing a fig tree by the road , he came to it , and found nothing on it but leaves . he said to it , let there be no fruit from you forever ! immediately the fig tree withered away .
he called the multitude to himself with his disciples , and said to them , whoever wants to come after me , let him deny himself , and take up his cross , and follow me .
i will make jerusalem heaps , a dwelling place of jackals ; and i will make the cities of judah a desolation , without inhabitant .
i am not worthy of the least of all the loving kindnesses , and of all the truth , which you have shown to your servant ; for with just my staff i passed over this jordan ; and now i have become two companies .
joshua rose up early in the morning ; and they removed from shittim , and came to the jordan , he and all the children of israel ; and they lodged there before they passed over .
samson said to them , this time shall i be blameless in regard of the philistines , when i do them a mischief .
but in mount zion , there will be those who escape , and it will be holy . the house of jacob will possess their possessions .
it happened at that time , when eli was laid down in his place ( now his eyes had begun to grow dim , so that he could not see ) ,
for this cause it is of faith , that it may be according to grace , to the end that the promise may be sure to all the seed , not to that only which is of the law , but to that also which is of the faith of abraham , who is the father of us all .
it came to pass in the seven and twentieth year , in the first month , in the first day of the month , the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
he made ready his chariot , and took his army with him ;
he spoke to the man clothed in linen , and said , go in between the whirling wheels , even under the cherub , and fill both your hands with coals of fire from between the cherubim , and scatter them over the city . he went in as i watched .
you shall betroth a wife , and another man shall lie with her : you shall build a house , and you shall not dwell therein : you shall plant a vineyard , and shall not use the fruit of it .
and saying , where is the promise of his coming ? for , from the day that the fathers fell asleep , all things continue as they were from the beginning of the creation .
these , therefore , came to philip , who was from bethsaida of galilee , and asked him , saying , sir , we want to see jesus .
for i tell you that to everyone who has , will more be given ; but from him who does n't have , even that which he has will be taken away from him .
he struck them hip and thigh with a great slaughter : and he went down and lived in the cleft of the rock of etam .
to another faith , by the same spirit ; and to another gifts of healings , by the same spirit ;
be prepared , yes , prepare yourself , you , and all your companies who are assembled to you , and be a guard to them .
yahweh preserves all those who love him , but all the wicked he will destroy .
nor the seven loaves for the four thousand , and how many baskets you took up ?
by the rivers of babylon , there we sat down . yes , we wept , when we remembered zion .
and the levite , because he has no portion nor inheritance with you , and the foreigner living among you , and the fatherless , and the widow , who are within your gates , shall come , and shall eat and be satisfied ; that yahweh your god may bless you in all the work of your hand which you do .
they were distressed because they were confident ; they came there , and were confounded .
so he brought down the people to the water : and yahweh said to gideon , everyone who laps of the water with his tongue , as a dog laps , him shall you set by himself ; likewise everyone who bows down on his knees to drink .
every vow , and every binding oath to afflict the soul , her husband may establish it , or her husband may make it void .
when he had looked around at them with anger , being grieved at the hardening of their hearts , he said to the man , stretch out your hand . he stretched it out , and his hand was restored as healthy as the other .
yahweh spoke to moses that same day , saying ,
they are foam on the surface of the waters . their portion is cursed in the earth : they do n't turn into the way of the vineyards .
they die in youth . their life perishes among the unclean .
for israel has forgotten his maker and built palaces ; and judah has multiplied fortified cities ; but i will send a fire on his cities , and it will devour its fortresses .
so then the lord jesus , after he had spoken to them , was received up into heaven , and sat down at the right hand of god .
you afflicted , tossed with tempest , and not comforted , behold , i will set your stones in beautiful colors , and lay your foundations with sapphires .
when you cry , let those who you have gathered deliver you ; but the wind shall take them , a breath shall carry them all away : but he who takes refuge in me shall possess the land , and shall inherit my holy mountain .
therefore i will judge you , house of israel , everyone according to his ways , says the lord yahweh . return you , and turn yourselves from all your transgressions ; so iniquity shall not be your ruin .
all who heard him were amazed at his understanding and his answers .
in the plain of the jordan did the king cast them , in the clay ground between succoth and zarethan .
he measured the length of it , twenty cubits , and the breadth , twenty cubits , before the temple : and he said to me , this is the most holy place .
saul was very angry , and this saying displeased him ; and he said , they have ascribed to david ten thousands , and to me they have ascribed but thousands : and what can he have more but the kingdom ?
you shall fear yahweh your god ; and him shall you serve , and shall swear by his name .
he cried with a mighty voice , saying , fallen , fallen is babylon the great , and she has become a habitation of demons , a prison of every unclean spirit , and a prison of every unclean and hateful bird !
without faith it is impossible to be well pleasing to him , for he who comes to god must believe that he exists , and that he is a rewarder of those who seek him .
yet for all that , when they are in the land of their enemies , i will not reject them , neither will i abhor them , to destroy them utterly , and to break my covenant with them ; for i am yahweh their god ;
but watch yourselves , for they will deliver you up to councils . you will be beaten in synagogues . you will stand before rulers and kings for my sake , for a testimony to them .
surely then shall you lift up your face without spot ; yes , you shall be steadfast , and shall not fear :
as he sat on the mount of olives opposite the temple , peter , james , john , and andrew asked him privately ,
egypt rises up like the nile , and his waters toss themselves like the rivers : and he says , i will rise up , i will cover the earth ; i will destroy cities and the inhabitants of it .
then pharaoh said to him , but what have you lacked with me , that behold , you seek to go to your own country ? he answered , nothing : however only let me depart .
he said to me , daniel , you man greatly beloved , understand the words that i speak to you , and stand upright ; for to you am i now sent . when he had spoken this word to me , i stood trembling .
then joram passed over to zair , and all his chariots with him : and he rose up by night , and struck the edomites who surrounded him , and the captains of the chariots ; and the people fled to their tents .
the elder and the honorable man is the head , and the prophet who teaches lies is the tail .
give diligence to present yourself approved by god , a workman who does n't need to be ashamed , properly handling the word of truth .
holding up the word of life ; that i may have something to boast in the day of christ , that i did n't run in vain nor labor in vain .
that the cities which huram had given to solomon , solomon built them , and caused the children of israel to dwell there .
give thanks to yahweh with the lyre . sing praises to him with the harp of ten strings .
gathering together all the chief priests and scribes of the people , he asked them where the christ would be born .
awake , sword , against my shepherd , and against the man who is close to me , says yahweh of armies . strike the shepherd , and the sheep will be scattered ; and i will turn my hand against the little ones .
when all israel saw that the king did n't listen to them , the people answered the king , saying , what portion have we in david ? neither have we inheritance in the son of jesse : to your tents , israel : now see to your own house , david . so israel departed to their tents .
now therefore take twelve men out of the tribes of israel , for every tribe a man .
they said to joshua , we are your servants . joshua said to them , who are you ? and from whence come you ?
remember now , yahweh , i beg you , how i have walked before you in truth and with a perfect heart , and have done that which is good in your sight . hezekiah wept sore .
for as through the one man 's disobedience many were made sinners , even so through the obedience of the one will many be made righteous .
and you shall give the money , with which the remainder of them is redeemed , to aaron and to his sons .
a devout man , and one who feared god with all his house , who gave gifts for the needy generously to the people , and always prayed to god .
he had a son , whose name was saul , an impressive young man ; and there was not among the children of israel a better person than he . from his shoulders and upward he was higher than any of the people .
samuel said to saul , why have you disquieted me , to bring me up ? saul answered , i am sore distressed ; for the philistines make war against me , and god is departed from me , and answers me no more , neither by prophets , nor by dreams : therefore i have called you , that you may make known to me what i shall do .
but jesus said to him , follow me , and leave the dead to bury their own dead .
now the word of yahweh came to jonah the son of amittai , saying ,
then will i make this house like shiloh , and will make this city a curse to all the nations of the earth .
my soul still remembers them , and is bowed down within me .
but david had brought the ark of god up from kiriath jearim to the place that david had prepared for it ; for he had pitched a tent for it at jerusalem .
to shine on those who sit in darkness and the shadow of death ; to guide our feet into the way of peace .
for i lift up my hand to heaven , and say , as i live forever ,
even a fool , when he keeps silent , is counted wise . when he shuts his lips , he is thought to be discerning .
also solomon sits on the throne of the kingdom .
the field , and the cave that is in it , were deeded to abraham for a possession of a burying place by the children of heth .
but when his heart was lifted up , and his spirit was hardened so that he dealt proudly , he was deposed from his kingly throne , and they took his glory from him :
jacob took to himself rods of fresh poplar , almond , plane tree , peeled white streaks in them , and made the white appear which was in the rods .
for such as are blessed by him shall inherit the land . those who are cursed by him shall be cut off .
there they were in great fear , for god is in the generation of the righteous .
he gave over their livestock also to the hail , and their flocks to hot thunderbolts .
it happened , in process of time , at the end of two years , that his bowels fell out by reason of his sickness , and he died of sore diseases . his people made no burning for him , like the burning of his fathers .
so then , my beloved , even as you have always obeyed , not only in my presence , but now much more in my absence , work out your own salvation with fear and trembling .
for on the first day of the first month began he to go up from babylon ; and on the first day of the fifth month came he to jerusalem , according to the good hand of his god on him .
go , and gather the elders of israel together , and tell them , yahweh , the god of your fathers , the god of abraham , of isaac , and of jacob , has appeared to me , saying , i have surely visited you , and seen that which is done to you in egypt ;
but he who hates his brother is in the darkness , and walks in the darkness , and does n't know where he is going , because the darkness has blinded his eyes .
the appointed charge of the sons of merari shall be the tabernacle 's boards , its bars , its pillars , its sockets , all its instruments , all its service ,
therefore neither the priests of dagon , nor any who come into dagon 's house , tread on the threshold of dagon in ashdod , to this day .
i am afraid for you , that i might have wasted my labor for you .
even the god who executes vengeance for me , who brings down peoples under me ,
and he said , if you will diligently listen to the voice of yahweh your god , and will do that which is right in his eyes , and will pay attention to his commandments , and keep all his statutes , i will put none of the diseases on you , which i have put on the egyptians ; for i am yahweh who heals you .
he made the altar of burnt offering of acacia wood . it was square . its length was five cubits , its breadth was five cubits , and its height was three cubits .
for thus says yahweh : like as i have brought all this great evil on this people , so will i bring on them all the good that i have promised them .
but i must die in this land , i must not go over the jordan ; but you shall go over , and possess that good land .
pharaoh said , i will let you go , that you may sacrifice to yahweh your god in the wilderness , only you shall not go very far away . pray for me .
these are the statutes and the ordinances which you shall observe to do in the land which yahweh , the god of your fathers , has given you to possess it , all the days that you live on the earth .
and their king will go into captivity , he and his princes together , says yahweh .
then job answered ,
the wicked shall be turned back to sheol , even all the nations that forget god .
for yahweh your god is he who goes with you , to fight for you against your enemies , to save you .
nevertheless you shall not build the house ; but your son who shall come forth out of your body , he shall build the house for my name .
there went forth a wind from yahweh , and brought quails from the sea , and let them fall by the camp , about a day 's journey on this side , and a day 's journey on the other side , round about the camp , and about two cubits above the surface of the earth .
hiram king of tyre sent messengers to david , and cedar trees , and masons , and carpenters , to build him a house .
yahweh is my light and my salvation . whom shall i fear ? yahweh is the strength of my life . of whom shall i be afraid ?
you shall not eat it ; that it may go well with you , and with your children after you , when you shall do that which is right in the eyes of yahweh .
beloved , do n't believe every spirit , but test the spirits , whether they are of god , because many false prophets have gone out into the world .
the cloud removed from over the tent ; and behold , miriam was leprous , as white as snow : and aaron looked at miriam , and behold , she was leprous .
wail , you shepherds , and cry ; and wallow in ashes , you principal of the flock ; for the days of your slaughter and of your dispersions are fully come , and you shall fall like a goodly vessel .
now i mean this , that each one of you says , i follow paul , i follow apollos , i follow cephas , and , i follow christ .
for thus says yahweh who created the heavens , the god who formed the earth and made it , who established it and did n't create it a waste , who formed it to be inhabited : i am yahweh ; and there is no one else .
if they be ashamed of all that they have done , make known to them the form of the house , and the fashion of it , and the exits of it , and the entrances of it , and all the forms of it , and all the ordinances of it , and all the forms of it , and all the laws of it ; and write it in their sight ; that they may keep the whole form of it , and all the ordinances of it , and do them .
they took every man his censer , and put fire in them , and laid incense thereon , and stood at the door of the tent of meeting with moses and aaron .
for they refreshed my spirit and yours . therefore acknowledge those who are like that .
woe to you ! for you build the tombs of the prophets , and your fathers killed them .
therefore , i tell you , do n't be anxious for your life : what you will eat , or what you will drink ; nor yet for your body , what you will wear . is n't life more than food , and the body more than clothing ?
what one nation in the earth is like your people israel , whom god went to redeem to himself for a people , to make you a name by great and awesome things , in driving out nations from before your people , whom you redeem out of egypt ?
david said to solomon his son , be strong and of good courage , and do it : do n't be afraid , nor be dismayed ; for yahweh god , even my god , is with you ; he will not fail you , nor forsake you , until all the work for the service of the house of yahweh is finished .
there was much murmuring among the multitudes concerning him . some said , he is a good man . others said , not so , but he leads the multitude astray .
it grieves me that i have set up saul to be king ; for he is turned back from following me , and has not performed my commandments . samuel was angry ; and he cried to yahweh all night .
the children of benjamin did not drive out the jebusites who inhabited jerusalem ; but the jebusites dwell with the children of benjamin in jerusalem to this day .
others , testing him , sought from him a sign from heaven .
she lay at his feet until the morning . she rose up before one could discern another . for he said , let it not be known that the woman came to the threshing floor .
now we know that you know all things , and do n't need for anyone to question you . by this we believe that you came forth from god .
he said to them , go and tell that fox , behold , i cast out demons and perform cures today and tomorrow , and the third day i complete my mission .
you came down also on mount sinai , and spoke with them from heaven , and gave them right ordinances and true laws , good statutes and commandments ,
thus shall you say to the prophet , what has yahweh answered you ? and , what has yahweh spoken ?
then the king of israel called an officer , and said , get quickly micaiah the son of imla .
that they may know from the rising of the sun , and from the west , that there is none besides me : i am yahweh , and there is no one else .
all your enemies have opened their mouth wide against you ; they hiss and gnash the teeth ; they say , we have swallowed her up ; certainly this is the day that we looked for ; we have found , we have seen it .
but all these things are the beginning of birth pains .
he brought aaron 's sons ; and moses put some of the blood on the tip of their right ear , and on the thumb of their right hand , and on the great toe of their right foot ; and moses sprinkled the blood on the altar round about .
those who were numbered of them , according to the number of all the males , from a month old and upward , were six thousand two hundred .
god 's temple that is in heaven was opened , and the ark of the lord 's covenant was seen in his temple . lightnings , sounds , thunders , an earthquake , and great hail followed .
suddenly looking around , they saw no one with them any more , except jesus only .
for the head of syria is damascus , and the head of damascus is rezin ; and within sixty - five years ephraim shall be broken in pieces , so that it shall not be a people ;
the priest shall examine him on the seventh day . if it has spread in the skin , then the priest shall pronounce him unclean . it is the plague of leprosy .
in a controversy they shall stand to judge ; according to my ordinances shall they judge it : and they shall keep my laws and my statutes in all my appointed feasts ; and they shall make my sabbaths holy .
and he went down with them , and came to nazareth . he was subject to them , and his mother kept all these sayings in her heart .
for we will not inherit with them on the other side of the jordan , and forward ; because our inheritance is fallen to us on this side of the jordan eastward .
surely i would speak to the almighty . i desire to reason with god .
they said , yahweh , the god of israel , why has this happened in israel , that there should be today one tribe lacking in israel ?
for when they went up to the valley of eshcol , and saw the land , they discouraged the heart of the children of israel , that they should not go into the land which yahweh had given them .
on the south side shall be the standard of the camp of reuben according to their divisions . the prince of the children of reuben shall be elizur the son of shedeur .
notwithstanding hezekiah humbled himself for the pride of his heart , both he and the inhabitants of jerusalem , so that the wrath of yahweh did n't come on them in the days of hezekiah .
if the avenger of blood pursue after him , then they shall not deliver up the manslayer into his hand ; because he struck his neighbor unawares , and did n't hate him before .
when one told me , saying , behold , saul is dead , thinking to have brought good news , i took hold of him , and killed him in ziklag , which was the reward i gave him for his news .
you shall make them linen breeches to cover the flesh of their nakedness ; from the waist even to the thighs they shall reach :
you make us a byword among the nations , a shaking of the head among the peoples .
solomon sought therefore to kill jeroboam ; but jeroboam arose , and fled into egypt , to shishak king of egypt , and was in egypt until the death of solomon .
this is what yahweh of armies says : these people say , the time has n't yet come , the time for yahweh 's house to be built . '
they struck of moab at that time about ten thousand men , every lusty man , and every man of valor ; and there escaped not a man .
blessed be yahweh , my rock , who teaches my hands to war , and my fingers to battle :
you , son of man , prophesy , and say , thus says the lord yahweh concerning the children of ammon , and concerning their reproach ; and say you , a sword , a sword is drawn , for the slaughter it is furbished , to cause it to devour , that it may be as lightning ;
jehoash slept with his fathers , and was buried in samaria with the kings of israel ; and jeroboam his son reigned in his place .
of it he shall offer one out of each offering for a heave offering to yahweh . it shall be the priest 's who sprinkles the blood of the peace offerings .
when we had sailed slowly many days , and had come with difficulty opposite cnidus , the wind not allowing us further , we sailed under the lee of crete , opposite salmone .
the people , the princes of gilead , said one to another , what man is he who will begin to fight against the children of ammon ? he shall be head over all the inhabitants of gilead .
but the men would n't listen to him : so the man laid hold on his concubine , and brought her forth to them ; and they knew her , and abused her all the night until the morning : and when the day began to spring , they let her go .
so he called them in and lodged them . on the next day peter arose and went out with them , and some of the brothers from joppa accompanied him .
it happened on the next day , that moses went into the tent of the testimony ; and behold , the rod of aaron for the house of levi was budded , and put forth buds , and produced blossoms , and bore ripe almonds .
the days that david reigned over israel were forty years ; seven years reigned he in hebron , and thirty - three years reigned he in jerusalem .
when david inquired of yahweh , he said , you shall not go up : make a circuit behind them , and come on them over against the mulberry trees .
therefore , as sin entered into the world through one man , and death through sin ; and so death passed to all men , because all sinned .
so are the paths of all who forget god . the hope of the godless man shall perish ,
the tombs were opened , and many bodies of the saints who had fallen asleep were raised ;
i , behold , i have appointed with him oholiab , the son of ahisamach , of the tribe of dan ; and in the heart of all who are wise - hearted i have put wisdom , that they may make all that i have commanded you :
yahweh said to joshua , this day have i rolled away the reproach of egypt from off you . therefore the name of that place was called gilgal , to this day .
you have enlarged my steps under me , my feet have not slipped .
cursed be the man who brought news to my father , saying , a boy is born to you ; making him very glad .
now herod was very angry with the people of tyre and sidon . they came with one accord to him , and , having made blastus , the king 's chamberlain , their friend , they asked for peace , because their country depended on the king 's country for food .
take the rod , and assemble the congregation , you , and aaron your brother , and speak you to the rock before their eyes , that it give forth its water ; and you shall bring forth to them water out of the rock ; so you shall give the congregation and their livestock drink .
they arose out of midian , and came to paran ; and they took men with them out of paran , and they came to egypt , to pharaoh king of egypt , who gave him a house , and appointed him food , and gave him land .
he who becomes the father of a fool grieves . the father of a fool has no joy .
they talked with each other about all of these things which had happened .
for because you did n't carry it at the first , yahweh our god made a breach on us , because we did n't seek him according to the ordinance .
also he made before the house two pillars of thirty - five cubits high , and the capital that was on the top of each of them was five cubits .
samuel said to the cook , bring the portion which i gave you , of which i said to you , set it by you .
he said to him , i also am a prophet as you are ; and an angel spoke to me by the word of yahweh , saying , bring him back with you into your house , that he may eat bread and drink water . but he lied to him .
but i have this against you , that you left your first love .
as do mark , aristarchus , demas , and luke , my fellow workers .
around the throne were twenty - four thrones . on the thrones were twenty - four elders sitting , dressed in white garments , with crowns of gold on their heads .
by wisdom yahweh founded the earth . by understanding , he established the heavens .
so they came and called to the porter of the city ; and they told them , saying , we came to the camp of the syrians , and , behold , there was no man there , neither voice of man , but the horses tied , and the donkeys tied , and the tents as they were .
for the kingdom of heaven is like a man who was the master of a household , who went out early in the morning to hire laborers for his vineyard .
they prayed , and said , you , lord , who know the hearts of all men , show which one of these two you have chosen
they shall know that i am yahweh , when i shall disperse them among the nations , and scatter them through the countries .
and whatever you do , work heartily , as for the lord , and not for men ,
remember the former things of old : for i am god , and there is none else ; i am god , and there is none like me ;
they roasted the passover with fire according to the ordinance : and the holy offerings boiled they in pots , and in caldrons , and in pans , and carried them quickly to all the children of the people .
when asa heard these words , and the prophecy of oded the prophet , he took courage , and put away the abominations out of all the land of judah and benjamin , and out of the cities which he had taken from the hill country of ephraim ; and he renewed the altar of yahweh , that was before the porch of yahweh .
then stood up jeshua the son of jozadak , and his brothers the priests , and zerubbabel the son of shealtiel , and his brothers , and built the altar of the god of israel , to offer burnt offerings thereon , as it is written in the law of moses the man of god .
how then was it counted ? when he was in circumcision , or in uncircumcision ? not in circumcision , but in uncircumcision .
the people grieved for benjamin , because that yahweh had made a breach in the tribes of israel .
now the feast of unleavened bread , which is called the passover , drew near .
remember , yahweh , against the children of edom , the day of jerusalem ; who said , raze it ! raze it even to its foundation !
yet he has no root in himself , but endures for a while . when oppression or persecution arises because of the word , immediately he stumbles .
god said , let the waters under the sky be gathered together to one place , and let the dry land appear , and it was so .
you shall be blessed above all peoples : there shall not be male or female barren among you , or among your livestock .
when david came to ziklag , he sent of the spoil to the elders of judah , even to his friends , saying , behold , a present for you of the spoil of the enemies of yahweh :
the philistines gathered themselves together , and came and encamped in shunem : and saul gathered all israel together , and they encamped in gilboa .
every base had four brazen wheels , and axles of brass ; and the four feet of it had supports : beneath the basin were the supports molten , with wreaths at the side of each .
after you shall arise another kingdom inferior to you ; and another third kingdom of brass , which shall bear rule over all the earth .
these twenty years i have been with you . your ewes and your female goats have not cast their young , and i have n't eaten the rams of your flocks .
he killed it ; and moses took the blood , and put it on the horns of the altar round about with his finger , and purified the altar , and poured out the blood at the base of the altar , and sanctified it , to make atonement for it .
hannah prayed , and said : my heart exults in yahweh ; my horn is exalted in yahweh ; my mouth is enlarged over my enemies ; because i rejoice in your salvation .
( that also is accounted a land of rephaim : rephaim lived therein before ; but the ammonites call them zamzummim ,
be careful therefore how you hear . for whoever has , to him will be given ; and whoever does n't have , from him will be taken away even that which he thinks he has .
moreover he who goes into the house while it is shut up shall be unclean until the evening .
the word of yahweh came expressly to ezekiel the priest , the son of buzi , in the land of the chaldeans by the river chebar ; and the hand of yahweh was there on him .
when evening came , they brought to him many possessed with demons . he cast out the spirits with a word , and healed all who were sick ;
they said , the lord needs it .
but he was angry , and would not go in . therefore his father came out , and begged him .
you shall set up the court around it , and hang up the screen of the gate of the court .
he said , thus says yahweh , make this valley full of trenches .
he went his way , and began to proclaim in decapolis how jesus had done great things for him , and everyone marveled .
it happened at that time , when jeroboam went out of jerusalem , that the prophet ahijah the shilonite found him in the way ; now ahijah had clad himself with a new garment ; and they two were alone in the field .
thus says the lord yahweh : because moab and seir say , behold , the house of judah is like all the nations ;
nadab and abihu died before yahweh , when they offered strange fire before yahweh , in the wilderness of sinai , and they had no children . eleazar and ithamar ministered in the priest 's office in the presence of aaron their father .
blessed is the man who makes yahweh his trust , and does n't respect the proud , nor such as turn aside to lies .
in these days , peter stood up in the midst of the disciples ( and the number of names was about one hundred twenty ) , and said ,
he went out from there . he came into his own country , and his disciples followed him .
i know what i will do , so that when i am removed from management , they may receive me into their houses . '
what is it then ? i will pray with the spirit , and i will pray with the understanding also . i will sing with the spirit , and i will sing with the understanding also .
then after a period of fourteen years i went up again to jerusalem with barnabas , taking titus also with me .
you shall write them on the door posts of your house , and on your gates .
the archers have sorely grieved him , shot at him , and persecute him :
so i stood beside him , and killed him , because i was sure that he could not live after that he was fallen : and i took the crown that was on his head , and the bracelet that was on his arm , and have brought them here to my lord .
remember that you magnify his work , whereof men have sung .
immediately in the synagogues he proclaimed the christ , that he is the son of god .
for as the rain comes down and the snow from the sky , and does n't return there , but waters the earth , and makes it bring forth and bud , and gives seed to the sower and bread to the eater ;
i tell you that even so there will be more joy in heaven over one sinner who repents , than over ninety - nine righteous people who need no repentance .
this , your stature , is like a palm tree , your breasts like its fruit .
see how good and how pleasant it is for brothers to live together in unity !
the grace of the lord jesus christ be with you .
you have clothed me with skin and flesh , and knit me together with bones and sinews .
nor to build houses for us to dwell in ; neither have we vineyard , nor field , nor seed :
i am the god of bethel , where you anointed a pillar , where you vowed a vow to me . now arise , get out from this land , and return to the land of your birth .
the king of israel said to jehoshaphat , did n't i tell you that he would not prophesy good concerning me , but evil ?
only to the land of the children of ammon you did n't come near ; all the side of the river jabbok , and the cities of the hill country , and wherever yahweh our god forbade us .
are you the first man who was born ? or were you brought forth before the hills ?
prepare you war against her ; arise , and let us go up at noon . woe to us ! for the day declines , for the shadows of the evening are stretched out .
paul stayed two whole years in his own rented house , and received all who were coming to him ,
yet you shall be brought down to sheol , to the depths of the pit .
saying , to you i will give the land of canaan , the lot of your inheritance ;
but i will leave in the midst of you an afflicted and poor people , and they will take refuge in the name of yahweh .
he found in the temple those who sold oxen , sheep , and doves , and the changers of money sitting .
they came again to jerusalem , and as he was walking in the temple , the chief priests , and the scribes , and the elders came to him ,
it happened , as soon as he had made an end of offering the burnt offering , that jehu said to the guard and to the captains , go in , and kill them ; let none come forth . they struck them with the edge of the sword ; and the guard and the captains cast them out , and went to the city of the house of baal .
they shall know that i am yahweh their god , who brought them forth out of the land of egypt , that i might dwell among them : i am yahweh their god .
those who were numbered of the families of the sons of merari , by their families , by their fathers ' houses ,
if fire breaks out , and catches in thorns so that the shocks of grain , or the standing grain , or the field are consumed ; he who kindled the fire shall surely make restitution .
the consecrated things were six hundred oxen and three thousand sheep .
( he had not consented to their counsel and deed ) , from arimathaea , a city of the jews , who was also waiting for the kingdom of god :
the child grew , and was weaned . abraham made a great feast on the day that isaac was weaned .
when aaron and his sons have finished covering the sanctuary , and all the furniture of the sanctuary , as the camp moves forward ; after that , the sons of kohath shall come to carry it : but they shall not touch the sanctuary , lest they die . these things are the burden of the sons of kohath in the tent of meeting .
elijah answered to the captain of fifty , if i be a man of god , let fire come down from the sky , and consume you and your fifty . fire came down from the sky , and consumed him and his fifty .
all the days of his vow of separation there shall no razor come on his head , until the days are fulfilled , in which he separates himself to yahweh . he shall be holy . he shall let the locks of the hair of his head grow long .
it stood still , but i could n't discern the appearance of it ; a form was before my eyes . silence , then i heard a voice , saying ,
the children of dan went their way : and when micah saw that they were too strong for him , he turned and went back to his house .
our elders and all the inhabitants of our country spoke to us , saying , take provision in your hand for the journey , and go to meet them , and tell them , we are your servants : and now make you a covenant with us .
being assembled together with them , he charged them , do n't depart from jerusalem , but wait for the promise of the father , which you heard from me .
they will see his face , and his name will be on their foreheads .
salt is good , but if the salt becomes flat and tasteless , with what do you season it ?
moses spoke so to the children of israel , but they did n't listen to moses for anguish of spirit , and for cruel bondage .
then she came and told the man of god . he said , go , sell the oil , and pay your debt , and live you and your sons of the rest .
we toil , working with our own hands . when people curse us , we bless . being persecuted , we endure .
i saw something like a sea of glass mixed with fire , and those who overcame the beast , his image , and the number of his name , standing on the sea of glass , having harps of god .
indignation has taken hold on me , because of the wicked who forsake your law .
jehoiada made a covenant between himself , and all the people , and the king , that they should be yahweh 's people .
so that we ourselves boast about you in the assemblies of god for your patience and faith in all your persecutions and in the afflictions which you endure .
you seed of abraham , his servant , you children of jacob , his chosen ones .
they took all the spoil , and all the prey , both of man and of animal .
moreover i said to the king , if it please the king , let letters be given me to the governors beyond the river , that they may let me pass through until i come to judah ;
but the king spared mephibosheth , the son of jonathan the son of saul , because of yahweh 's oath that was between them , between david and jonathan the son of saul .
then he sent out a second on horseback , who came to them , and said , thus says the king , is it peace ? jehu answered , what have you to do with peace ? turn you behind me .
the people got them by stealth that day into the city , as people who are ashamed steal away when they flee in battle .
his going forth is from the end of the heavens , his circuit to its ends ; there is nothing hidden from its heat .
they think it is strange that you do n't run with them into the same excess of riot , blaspheming :
then peter , turning around , saw a disciple following . this was the disciple whom jesus sincerely loved , the one who had also leaned on jesus ' breast at the supper and asked , lord , who is going to betray you ?
it happened when jesus had finished these words , he departed from galilee , and came into the borders of judea beyond the jordan .
the breadth of the entrance was ten cubits ; and the sides of the entrance were five cubits on the one side , and five cubits on the other side : and he measured the length of it , forty cubits , and the breadth , twenty cubits .
to the jews i became as a jew , that i might gain jews ; to those who are under the law , as under the law , that i might gain those who are under the law ;
then jesus said , i will be with you a little while longer , then i go to him who sent me .
that i may take the house of israel in their own heart , because they are all estranged from me through their idols .
i will walk before yahweh in the land of the living .
this shall be the priests ' due from the people , from those who offer a sacrifice , whether it be ox or sheep , that they shall give to the priest the shoulder , and the two cheeks , and the maw .
and i , and all the people who are with me , will approach to the city . it shall happen , when they come out against us , as at the first , that we will flee before them ;
they swore to yahweh with a loud voice , and with shouting , and with trumpets , and with cornets .
you shall not take vengeance , nor bear any grudge against the children of your people ; but you shall love your neighbor as yourself . i am yahweh .
let us therefore draw near with boldness to the throne of grace , that we may receive mercy , and may find grace for help in time of need .
they cried out , away with him ! away with him ! crucify him ! pilate said to them , shall i crucify your king ? the chief priests answered , we have no king but caesar !
can the papyrus grow up without mire ? can the rushes grow without water ?
yahweh your god has multiplied you , and behold , you are this day as the stars of the sky for multitude .
when a great argument arose , the commanding officer , fearing that paul would be torn in pieces by them , commanded the soldiers to go down and take him by force from among them , and bring him into the barracks .
six days you shall gather it , but on the seventh day is the sabbath . in it there shall be none .
but that the world may know that i love the father , and as the father commanded me , even so i do . arise , let us go from here .
he took and put the testimony into the ark , and set the poles on the ark , and put the mercy seat above on the ark .
but if you will not listen to us , to be circumcised , then we will take our sister , and we will be gone .
i will incline my ear to a proverb . i will open my riddle on the harp .
babylon has been a golden cup in yahweh 's hand , who made all the earth drunken : the nations have drunk of her wine ; therefore the nations are mad .
for her sins have reached to the sky , and god has remembered her iniquities .
righteousness will be the belt of his waist , and faithfulness the belt of his waist .
your two breasts are like two fawns that are twins of a roe , which feed among the lilies .
yahweh said to me , take a large tablet , and write on it with a man 's pen , for maher shalal hash baz ; '
joseph commanded his servants , the physicians , to embalm his father ; and the physicians embalmed israel .
yahweh said to moses , stretch out your hand over the land of egypt for the locusts , that they may come up on the land of egypt , and eat every herb of the land , even all that the hail has left .
i will utter my judgments against them touching all their wickedness , in that they have forsaken me , and have burned incense to other gods , and worshiped the works of their own hands .
yes , when i cry , and call for help , he shuts out my prayer .
and they found him , and told him , everyone is looking for you .
for i most assuredly , as being absent in body but present in spirit , have already , as though i were present , judged him who has done this thing .
saying to aaron , make us gods that will go before us , for as for this moses , who led us out of the land of egypt , we do n't know what has become of him . '
your way , god , is in the sanctuary . what god is great like god ?
god said to noah , this is the token of the covenant which i have established between me and all flesh that is on the earth .
do n't let kindness and truth forsake you . bind them around your neck . write them on the tablet of your heart .
and i will bring back all the people to you : the man whom you seek is as if all returned : so all the people shall be in peace .
and had taken captive the women and all who were therein , both small and great : they did n't kill any , but carried them off , and went their way .
give no occasions for stumbling , either to jews , or to greeks , or to the assembly of god ;
listen you to the petitions of your servant , and of your people israel , when they shall pray toward this place : yes , hear from your dwelling place , even from heaven ; and when you hear , forgive .
nor did i go up to jerusalem to those who were apostles before me , but i went away into arabia . then i returned to damascus .
then said jonathan to david , whatever your soul desires , i will even do it for you .
god has shown himself in her citadels as a refuge .
so he made two doors of olive wood ; and he carved on them carvings of cherubim and palm trees and open flowers , and overlaid them with gold ; and he spread the gold on the cherubim , and on the palm trees .
he will judge among the nations . he will heap up dead bodies . he will crush the ruler of the whole earth .
take aaron and his sons with him , and the garments , and the anointing oil , and the bull of the sin offering , and the two rams , and the basket of unleavened bread ;
but every woman praying or prophesying with her head unveiled dishonors her head . for it is one and the same thing as if she were shaved .
but we will bless yah , from this time forth and forevermore . praise yah !
besides the continual burnt offering , and the meal offering of it , you shall offer them ( they shall be to you without blemish ) , and their drink offerings .
he sings before men , and says , i have sinned , and perverted that which was right , and it did n't profit me .
now consider this , you who forget god , lest i tear you into pieces , and there be none to deliver .
if a man have committed a sin worthy of death , and he be put to death , and you hang him on a tree ;
thus he said , the fourth animal shall be a fourth kingdom on earth , which shall be diverse from all the kingdoms , and shall devour the whole earth , and shall tread it down , and break it in pieces .
if your father miss me at all , then say , david earnestly asked leave of me that he might run to bethlehem his city ; for it is the yearly sacrifice there for all the family .
lord , how long will you look on ? rescue my soul from their destruction , my precious life from the lions .
again , i write a new commandment to you , which is true in him and in you ; because the darkness is passing away , and the true light already shines .
the men of nineveh will stand up in the judgment with this generation , and will condemn it , for they repented at the preaching of jonah ; and behold , someone greater than jonah is here .
they rose up in the morning early , and worshiped before yahweh , and returned , and came to their house to ramah : and elkanah knew hannah his wife ; and yahweh remembered her .
sing , heavens ; and be joyful , earth ; and break forth into singing , mountains : for yahweh has comforted his people , and will have compassion on his afflicted .
yahweh said to him , go down and you shall bring aaron up with you , but do n't let the priests and the people break through to come up to yahweh , lest he break forth on them .
then there were two robbers crucified with him , one on his right hand and one on the left .
after the two days he went out from there and went into galilee .
why was n't this ointment sold for three hundred denarii , and given to the poor ?
as you still exalt yourself against my people , that you wo n't let them go .
then i came to them of the captivity at tel aviv , that lived by the river chebar , and to where they lived ; and i sat there overwhelmed among them seven days .
for he knew him who would betray him , therefore he said , you are not all clean .
it happened , when moses came down from mount sinai with the two tablets of the testimony in moses ' hand , when he came down from the mountain , that moses did n't know that the skin of his face shone by reason of his speaking with him .
but he does n't know that the dead are there , that her guests are in the depths of sheol .
not only is there danger that this our trade come into disrepute , but also that the temple of the great goddess artemis will be counted as nothing , and her majesty destroyed , whom all asia and the world worships .
therefore when the lord knew that the pharisees had heard that jesus was making and baptizing more disciples than john
surely the lord yahweh will do nothing , unless he reveals his secret to his servants the prophets .
many times he delivered them , but they were rebellious in their counsel , and were brought low in their iniquity .
phinehas the son of eleazar was ruler over them in time past , and yahweh was with him .
the work of the bases was on this manner : they had panels ; and there were panels between the ledges ;
only you shall not eat its blood ; you shall pour it out on the ground as water .
saul said , blessed be you of yahweh ; for you have had compassion on me .
but the wise answered , saying , what if there is n't enough for us and you ? you go rather to those who sell , and buy for yourselves . '
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
they open their mouths wide against me , lions tearing prey and roaring .
he did n't lay his hand on the nobles of the children of israel . they saw god , and ate and drank .
those who are perverse in heart are an abomination to yahweh , but those whose ways are blameless are his delight .
yahweh spoke to gad , david 's seer , saying ,
let them praise yahweh for his loving kindness , for his wonderful works for the children of men !
the third lot came up for the children of zebulun according to their families ; and the border of their inheritance was to sarid ;
it happened , when he had come , that he blew a trumpet in the hill country of ephraim ; and the children of israel went down with him from the hill country , and he before them .
i have called to you . save me ! i will obey your statutes .
this is how you shall make it . the length of the ark will be three hundred cubits , the breadth of it fifty cubits , and the height of it thirty cubits .
whether it has gored a son or has gored a daughter , according to this judgment it shall be done to him .
yahweh heard the voice of your words , when you spoke to me ; and yahweh said to me , i have heard the voice of the words of this people , which they have spoken to you : they have well said all that they have spoken .
if he be able to fight with me , and kill me , then will we be your servants ; but if i prevail against him , and kill him , then shall you be our servants , and serve us .
and hope does n't disappoint us , because god 's love has been poured out into our hearts through the holy spirit who was given to us .
but to you , yahweh , i have cried . in the morning , my prayer comes before you .
but you , son of man , hear what i tell you ; do n't be you rebellious like that rebellious house : open your mouth , and eat that which i give you .
while the children of israel were in the wilderness , they found a man gathering sticks on the sabbath day .
but of which of the angels has he said at any time , sit at my right hand , until i make your enemies the footstool of your feet ?
all of them come for violence . their hordes face the desert . he gathers prisoners like sand .
he was returning and sitting in his chariot , and was reading the prophet isaiah .
as for those of you who are left , i will send a faintness into their hearts in the lands of their enemies : and the sound of a driven leaf will put them to flight ; and they shall flee , as one flees from the sword ; and they will fall when no one pursues .
he did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh : he did n't depart all his days from the sins of jeroboam the son of nebat , with which he made israel to sin .
but put forth your hand now , and touch all that he has , and he will renounce you to your face .
and tore the kingdom away from the house of david , and gave it you ; and yet you have not been as my servant david , who kept my commandments , and who followed me with all his heart , to do that only which was right in my eyes ,
you shall see the affliction of my habitation , in all the wealth which god shall give israel ; and there shall not be an old man in your house forever .
samaria and her king float away , like a twig on the water .
the leach has two daughters : give , give . ' there are three things that are never satisfied ; four that do n't say , enough : '
so he arose and went to zarephath ; and when he came to the gate of the city , behold , a widow was there gathering sticks : and he called to her , and said , please get me a little water in a vessel , that i may drink .
they shall keep all the furnishings of the tent of meeting , and the obligations of the children of israel , to do the service of the tabernacle .
now it happened , after that amaziah was come from the slaughter of the edomites , that he brought the gods of the children of seir , and set them up to be his gods , and bowed down himself before them , and burned incense to them .
i applied my heart to know wisdom , and to know madness and folly . i perceived that this also was a chasing after wind .
have n't you , god , rejected us ? you do n't go out with our armies , god .
micah said to him , whence come you ? he said to him , i am a levite of bethlehem judah , and i go to sojourn where i may find a place .
then stood up on the stairs of the levites , jeshua , and bani , kadmiel , shebaniah , bunni , sherebiah , bani , and chenani , and cried with a loud voice to yahweh their god .
these are the words of the covenant which yahweh commanded moses to make with the children of israel in the land of moab , besides the covenant which he made with them in horeb .
the winepress was trodden outside of the city , and blood came out from the winepress , even to the bridles of the horses , as far as one thousand six hundred stadia .
yahweh spoke to joshua , saying ,
they came to a place which was named gethsemane . he said to his disciples , sit here , while i pray .
the king made of the algum trees terraces for the house of yahweh , and for the king 's house , and harps and psalteries for the singers : and there were none such seen before in the land of judah .
then said zedekiah to jeremiah , let no man know of these words , and you shall not die .
oh , send out your light and your truth . let them lead me . let them bring me to your holy hill , to your tents .
he has shown his people the power of his works , in giving them the heritage of the nations .
in the third year of cyrus king of persia a thing was revealed to daniel , whose name was called belteshazzar ; and the thing was true , even a great warfare : and he understood the thing , and had understanding of the vision .
god will likewise destroy you forever . he will take you up , and pluck you out of your tent , and root you out of the land of the living . selah .
we made a raid on the south of the cherethites , and on that which belongs to judah , and on the south of caleb ; and we burned ziklag with fire .
do n't say , a conspiracy ! ' concerning all about which this people say , a conspiracy ! ' neither fear their threats , nor be terrorized .
who alone has immortality , dwelling in unapproachable light ; whom no man has seen , nor can see : to whom be honor and eternal power . amen .
for i will send pestilence into her , and blood into her streets ; and the wounded shall fall in the midst of her , with the sword on her on every side ; and they shall know that i am yahweh .
the haters of yahweh would cringe before him , and their punishment would last forever .
hear my voice , god , in my complaint . preserve my life from fear of the enemy .
when the voice came , jesus was found alone . they were silent , and told no one in those days any of the things which they had seen .
gave his offering : one silver platter , the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels , one silver bowl of seventy shekels , after the shekel of the sanctuary ; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering ;
who serve a copy and shadow of the heavenly things , even as moses was warned by god when he was about to make the tabernacle , for he said , see , you shall make everything according to the pattern that was shown to you on the mountain .
it will be , that every soul that will not listen to that prophet will be utterly destroyed from among the people . '
yahweh said to moses , i will do this thing also that you have spoken ; for you have found favor in my sight , and i know you by name .
he did n't allow him , but said to him , go to your house , to your friends , and tell them what great things the lord has done for you , and how he had mercy on you .
set up road signs , make guideposts ; set your heart toward the highway , even the way by which you went : turn again , virgin of israel , turn again to these your cities .
the merciful man does good to his own soul , but he who is cruel troubles his own flesh .
the men of his city , even the elders and the nobles who lived in his city , did as jezebel had sent to them , according as it was written in the letters which she had sent to them .
but if you had known what this means , i desire mercy , and not sacrifice , ' you would not have condemned the guiltless .
who has declared it from the beginning , that we may know ? and before , that we may say , he is right ? ' surely , there is no one who declares . surely , there is no one who shows . surely , there is no one who hears your words .
now when jesus was in bethany , in the house of simon the leper ,
while they still did n't believe for joy , and wondered , he said to them , do you have anything here to eat ?
ascribe to yahweh , you relatives of the peoples , ascribe to yahweh glory and strength ;
she said to them , thus says yahweh , the god of israel : tell you the man who sent you to me ,
he saw a certain poor widow casting in two small brass coins .
yahweh said to me , take for yourself yet again the equipment of a foolish shepherd .
he raises his hands against his friends . he has violated his covenant .
joshua sent men from jericho to ai , which is beside beth aven , on the east side of bethel , and spoke to them , saying , go up and spy out the land . the men went up and spied out ai .
when i tried to understand this , it was too painful for me ;
he said to them , this kind can come out by nothing , except by prayer and fasting .
against him came up nebuchadnezzar king of babylon , and bound him in fetters , to carry him to babylon .
in that day , says yahweh , i will assemble that which is lame , and i will gather that which is driven away , and that which i have afflicted ;
i know how to be humbled , and i know also how to abound . in everything and in all things i have learned the secret both to be filled and to be hungry , both to abound and to be in need .
i heard , and my body trembled . my lips quivered at the voice . rottenness enters into my bones , and i tremble in my place , because i must wait quietly for the day of trouble , for the coming up of the people who invade us .
it happened in those days , that jesus came from nazareth of galilee , and was baptized by john in the jordan .
the jailer , being roused out of sleep and seeing the prison doors open , drew his sword and was about to kill himself , supposing that the prisoners had escaped .
it happened in the eleventh year , in the first day of the month , that the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
behold , then i would wander far off . i would lodge in the wilderness . selah .
salvation from our enemies , and from the hand of all who hate us ;
so samuel brought all the tribes of israel near , and the tribe of benjamin was taken .
the enemy is overtaken by endless ruin . the very memory of the cities which you have overthrown has perished .
see you how ahab humbles himself before me ? because he humbles himself before me , i will not bring the evil in his days ; but in his son 's days will i bring the evil on his house .
how is sheshach taken ! and the praise of the whole earth seized ! how is babylon become a desolation among the nations !
in his right hand was the divination for jerusalem , to set battering rams , to open the mouth in the slaughter , to lift up the voice with shouting , to set battering rams against the gates , to cast up mounds , to build forts .
therefore martha said to jesus , lord , if you would have been here , my brother would n't have died .
the seventh angel sounded , and great voices in heaven followed , saying , the kingdom of the world has become the kingdom of our lord , and of his christ . he will reign forever and ever !
of the children of dan , their generations , by their families , by their fathers ' houses , according to the number of the names , from twenty years old and upward , all who were able to go forth to war ;
because of the ground which is cracked , because no rain has been in the land , the plowmen are disappointed , they cover their heads .
then you shall sound the loud trumpet on the tenth day of the seventh month . on the day of atonement you shall sound the trumpet throughout all your land .
it happened after a while , that the brook dried up , because there was no rain in the land .
yes , if you call out for discernment , and lift up your voice for understanding ;
they chose new gods ; then was war in the gates : was there a shield or spear seen among forty thousand in israel ?
yahweh said to gideon , by the three hundred men who lapped will i save you , and deliver the midianites into your hand ; and let all the people go every man to his place .
this continued for two years , so that all those who lived in asia heard the word of the lord jesus , both jews and greeks .
then eli answered , go in peace ; and the god of israel grant your petition that you have asked of him .
he looked this way and that way , and when he saw that there was no one , he killed the egyptian , and hid him in the sand .
for this cause , brothers , we were comforted over you in all our distress and affliction through your faith .
behold , a man from the crowd called out , saying , teacher , i beg you to look at my son , for he is my only child .
that the name of our lord jesus may be glorified in you , and you in him , according to the grace of our god and the lord jesus christ .
for in this mountain the hand of yahweh will rest . moab will be trodden down in his place , even like straw is trodden down in the water of the dunghill .
have n't i commanded you ? be strong and of good courage ; do n't be afraid , neither be dismayed : for yahweh your god is with you wherever you go .
then sang deborah and barak the son of abinoam on that day , saying ,
whoever touches anything that was under him shall be unclean until the evening . he who carries those things shall wash his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and be unclean until the evening .
whom not having known you love ; in whom , though now you do n't see him , yet believing , you rejoice greatly with joy unspeakable and full of glory
i will shoot three arrows on the side of it , as though i shot at a mark .
then the five men who went to spy out the country of laish answered , and said to their brothers , do you know that there is in these houses an ephod , and teraphim , and an engraved image , and a molten image ? now therefore consider what you have to do .
there is a grievous evil which i have seen under the sun : wealth kept by its owner to his harm .
out of his mouth go burning torches , sparks of fire leap forth .
he sent a man before them . joseph was sold for a slave .
do n't desire the night , when people are cut off in their place .
and say , thus says the lord yahweh : a great eagle with great wings and long feathers , full of feathers , which had various colors , came to lebanon , and took the top of the cedar :
adam was n't deceived , but the woman , being deceived , has fallen into disobedience ;
he said to them , is it well with him ? they said , it is well . see , rachel , his daughter , is coming with the sheep .
that day is a day of wrath , a day of distress and anguish , a day of trouble and ruin , a day of darkness and gloom , a day of clouds and blackness ,
go up into gilead , and take balm , virgin daughter of egypt : in vain do you use many medicines ; there is no healing for you .
the destroyer shall come on every city , and no city shall escape ; the valley also shall perish , and the plain shall be destroyed ; as yahweh has spoken .
it happened at the end of three years , that two of the servants of shimei ran away to achish , son of maacah , king of gath . they told shimei , saying , behold , your servants are in gath .
for neither from the east , nor from the west , nor yet from the south , comes exaltation .
david longed , and said , oh that one would give me water to drink of the well of bethlehem , which is by the gate !
when forty years were fulfilled , an angel of the lord appeared to him in the wilderness of mount sinai , in a flame of fire in a bush .
sixteen years old was he when he began to reign ; and he reigned fifty - two years in jerusalem : and his mother 's name was jecoliah of jerusalem .
but you shall offer an offering made by fire , a burnt offering to yahweh : two young bulls , and one ram , and seven male lambs a year old ; they shall be to you without blemish ;
do n't you know that your bodies are members of christ ? shall i then take the members of christ , and make them members of a prostitute ? may it never be !
then menahem struck tiphsah , and all who were therein , and the borders of it , from tirzah : because they did n't open to him , therefore he struck it ; and all the women therein who were with child he ripped up .
for where two or three are gathered together in my name , there i am in the midst of them .
therefore they called these days purim , after the name of pur . therefore because of all the words of this letter , and of that which they had seen concerning this matter , and that which had come to them ,
now in the fifth month , on the seventh day of the month , which was the nineteenth year of king nebuchadnezzar , king of babylon , came nebuzaradan the captain of the guard , a servant of the king of babylon , to jerusalem .
he took the twelve aside , and said to them , behold , we are going up to jerusalem , and all the things that are written through the prophets concerning the son of man will be completed .
david was afraid of yahweh that day ; and he said , how shall the ark of yahweh come to me ?
his bones are like tubes of brass . his limbs are like bars of iron .
it was so , when elisha the man of god heard that the king of israel had torn his clothes , that he sent to the king , saying , why have you torn your clothes ? let him come now to me , and he shall know that there is a prophet in israel .
he broke in pieces the pillars , and cut down the asherim , and filled their places with the bones of men .
the birds of the sky , the fish of the sea , and whatever passes through the paths of the seas .
from the days of john the baptizer until now , the kingdom of heaven suffers violence , and the violent take it by force .
he went to his father 's house at ophrah , and killed his brothers the sons of jerubbaal , being seventy persons , on one stone : but jotham the youngest son of jerubbaal was left ; for he hid himself .
the heart of the rash will understand knowledge , and the tongue of the stammerers will be ready to speak plainly .
to them it was revealed , that not to themselves , but to you , did they minister these things , which now have been announced to you through those who preached the good news to you by the holy spirit sent out from heaven ; which things angels desire to look into .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
i coveted no one 's silver , or gold , or clothing .
the glory of yahweh went up from the midst of the city , and stood on the mountain which is on the east side of the city .
the lips of the righteous feed many , but the foolish die for lack of understanding .
the women said to naomi , blessed be yahweh , who has not left you this day without a near kinsman ; and let his name be famous in israel .
their heart is as callous as the fat , but i delight in your law .
god will not withdraw his anger ; the helpers of rahab stoop under him .
as valleys are they spread forth , as gardens by the riverside , as aloes which yahweh has planted , as cedar trees beside the waters .
again he returned , and found them sleeping , for their eyes were very heavy , and they did n't know what to answer him .
the light shines in the darkness , and the darkness has n't overcome it .
this i say therefore , and testify in the lord , that you no longer walk as the rest of the gentiles also walk , in the futility of their mind ,
out of the tribe of dan , elteke with its suburbs , gibbethon with its suburbs ,
standing still , jesus commanded him to be brought to him . when he had come near , he asked him ,
for you say , where is the house of the prince ? where is the tent in which the wicked lived ? '
for as the churning of milk brings forth butter , and the wringing of the nose brings forth blood ; so the forcing of wrath brings forth strife .
one law shall be to him who is born at home , and to the stranger who lives as a foreigner among you .
moses said to yahweh , then the egyptians will hear it ; for you brought up this people in your might from among them ;
ishmael , his son , was thirteen years old when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin .
when they heard that he was alive , and had been seen by her , they disbelieved .
declare his glory among the nations , his marvelous works among all the peoples .
then uzziah was angry ; and he had a censer in his hand to burn incense ; and while he was angry with the priests , the leprosy broke forth in his forehead before the priests in the house of yahweh , beside the altar of incense .
tamar put ashes on her head , and tore her garment of various colors that was on her ; and she laid her hand on her head , and went her way , crying aloud as she went .
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
no hand shall touch him , but he shall surely be stoned or shot through ; whether it is animal or man , he shall not live . ' when the trumpet sounds long , they shall come up to the mountain .
in the twentieth year of jeroboam king of israel began asa to reign over judah .
he made him ride on the high places of the earth , he ate the increase of the field ; he made him to suck honey out of the rock , oil out of the flinty rock ;
the lord said to the servant , go out into the highways and hedges , and compel them to come in , that my house may be filled .
blessed are those who mourn , for they shall be comforted .
for the sake of the house of yahweh our god , i will seek your good .
for those who have served well as deacons gain to themselves a good standing , and great boldness in the faith which is in christ jesus .
they have ears , but they do n't hear ; they have noses , but they do n't smell ;
it happened , when they were come into samaria , that elisha said , yahweh , open the eyes of these men , that they may see . yahweh opened their eyes , and they saw ; and behold , they were in the midst of samaria .
but absalom fled . the young man who kept the watch lifted up his eyes , and looked , and behold , many people were coming by way of the hillside behind him .
behold , i have made you into a new sharp threshing instrument with teeth . you will thresh the mountains , and beat them small , and will make the hills like chaff .
there were four tables for the burnt offering , of hewn stone , a cubit and a half long , and a cubit and a half broad , and one cubit high ; whereupon they laid the instruments with which they killed the burnt offering and the sacrifice .
now if there was perfection through the levitical priesthood ( for under it the people have received the law ) , what further need was there for another priest to arise after the order of melchizedek , and not be called after the order of aaron ?
jesus sat down opposite the treasury , and saw how the multitude cast money into the treasury . many who were rich cast in much .
it will never be inhabited , neither will it be lived in from generation to generation . the arabian will not pitch a tent there , neither will shepherds make their flocks lie down there .
moreover you shall take no ransom for the life of a murderer who is guilty of death ; but he shall surely be put to death .
now i have prepared with all my might for the house of my god the gold for the things of gold , and the silver for the things of silver , and the brass for the things of brass , the iron for the things of iron , and wood for the things of wood ; onyx stones , and stones to be set , stones for inlaid work , and of various colors , and all manner of precious stones , and marble stones in abundance .
forty - two years old was ahaziah when he began to reign ; and he reigned one year in jerusalem : and his mother 's name was athaliah the daughter of omri .
to man he said , behold , the fear of the lord , that is wisdom . to depart from evil is understanding . '
he is conceited , knowing nothing , but obsessed with arguments , disputes , and word battles , from which come envy , strife , reviling , evil suspicions ,
he spoke of trees , from the cedar that is in lebanon even to the hyssop that springs out of the wall ; he spoke also of animals , and of birds , and of creeping things , and of fish .
the heart of one who has understanding seeks knowledge , but the mouths of fools feed on folly .
she gave the king one hundred twenty talents of gold , and of spices very great store , and precious stones : there came no more such abundance of spices as these which the queen of sheba gave to king solomon .
if your brother has grown poor among you , and sells himself to you ; you shall not make him to serve as a slave .
do n't take any gold , nor silver , nor brass in your money belts .
yahweh 's works are great , pondered by all those who delight in them .
as also you acknowledged us in part , that we are your boasting , even as you also are ours , in the day of our lord jesus .
now when joab saw that the battle was set against him before and behind , he chose of all the choice men of israel , and put them in array against the syrians .
all the people of the surrounding country of the gadarenes asked him to depart from them , for they were very much afraid . he entered into the boat , and returned .
also i spoke to the priests and to all this people , saying , thus says yahweh : do n't listen to the words of your prophets who prophesy to you , saying , behold , the vessels of yahweh 's house shall now shortly be brought again from babylon ; for they prophesy a lie to you .
i , yahweh , have called you in righteousness , and will hold your hand , and will keep you , and make you a covenant for the people , as a light for the nations ;
now i tell you , withdraw from these men , and leave them alone . for if this counsel or this work is of men , it will be overthrown .
take away the wicked from the king 's presence , and his throne will be established in righteousness .
you shall fear yahweh your god ; him shall you serve ; and to him shall you cleave , and by his name shall you swear .
because i feared the great multitude , and the contempt of families terrified me , so that i kept silence , and did n't go out of the door
and set forth customs which it is not lawful for us to accept or to observe , being romans .
it happened on the next day , when the philistines came to strip the slain , that they found saul and his three sons fallen on mount gilboa .
he is clothed in a garment sprinkled with blood . his name is called the word of god .
in the same hour came forth the fingers of a man 's hand , and wrote over against the lampstand on the plaster of the wall of the king 's palace : and the king saw the part of the hand that wrote .
you shall remember that you were a bondservant in the land of egypt : therefore i command you to do this thing .
and all these blessings shall come on you , and overtake you , if you shall listen to the voice of yahweh your god .
and to know christ 's love which surpasses knowledge , that you may be filled with all the fullness of god .
so that there was the face of a man toward the palm tree on the one side , and the face of a young lion toward the palm tree on the other side . thus was it made through all the house round about :
if your people go out to battle against their enemies , by whatever way you shall send them , and they pray to you toward this city which you have chosen , and the house which i have built for your name ;
the jews therefore sought him at the feast , and said , where is he ?
regard the patience of our lord as salvation ; even as our beloved brother paul also , according to the wisdom given to him , wrote to you ;
after this manner he made the ten bases : all of them had one casting , one measure , and one form .
yahweh will be king over all the earth . in that day yahweh will be one , and his name one .
now he is not the god of the dead , but of the living , for all are alive to him .
leah conceived , and bore a son , and she named him reuben . for she said , because yahweh has looked at my affliction . for now my husband will love me .
and that most of the brothers in the lord , being confident through my bonds , are more abundantly bold to speak the word of god without fear .
for they intended evil against you . they plotted evil against you which can not succeed .
a man 's gift makes room for him , and brings him before great men .
i will offer to you the sacrifice of thanksgiving , and will call on the name of yahweh .
withstand him steadfast in your faith , knowing that your brothers who are in the world are undergoing the same sufferings .
so all the elders of israel came to the king to hebron ; and david made a covenant with them in hebron before yahweh ; and they anointed david king over israel , according to the word of yahweh by samuel .
when you saw that nahash the king of the children of ammon came against you , you said to me , no , but a king shall reign over us ; when yahweh your god was your king .
but truly i tell you , there were many widows in israel in the days of elijah , when the sky was shut up three years and six months , when a great famine came over all the land .
joseph brought in jacob , his father , and set him before pharaoh , and jacob blessed pharaoh .
i will bless those who bless you , and i will curse him who curses you . in you will all of the families of the earth be blessed .
when you eat , and when you drink , do n't you eat for yourselves , and drink for yourselves ?
because your heart was tender , and you did humble yourself before god , when you heard his words against this place , and against the inhabitants of it , and have humbled yourself before me , and have torn your clothes , and wept before me ; i also have heard you , says yahweh .
therefore you testify to yourselves that you are children of those who killed the prophets .
you also put my feet in the stocks , and mark all my paths . you set a bound to the soles of my feet :
when they had come in , they went up into the upper room , where they were staying ; that is peter , john , james , andrew , philip , thomas , bartholomew , matthew , james the son of alphaeus , simon the zealot , and judas the son of james .
i will also praise you with the harp for your faithfulness , my god . i sing praises to you with the lyre , holy one of israel .
they insulted him and said , you are his disciple , but we are disciples of moses .
she said , give me a blessing ; for that you have set me in the land of the south , give me also springs of water . he gave her the upper springs and the lower springs .
then sarah denied , saying , i did n't laugh , for she was afraid . he said , no , but you did laugh .
benjamin returned at that time ; and they gave them the women whom they had saved alive of the women of jabesh gilead : and yet so they were n't enough for them .
i therefore , the prisoner in the lord , beg you to walk worthily of the calling with which you were called ,
jehoshaphat his son reigned in his place , and strengthened himself against israel .
and every spirit who does n't confess that jesus christ has come in the flesh is not of god , and this is the spirit of the antichrist , of whom you have heard that it comes . now it is in the world already .
he touched her hand , and the fever left her . she got up and served him .
one of his heads looked like it had been wounded fatally . his fatal wound was healed , and the whole earth marveled at the beast .
furthermore he made the court of the priests , and the great court , and doors for the court , and overlaid the doors of them with brass .
the flood was forty days on the earth . the waters increased , and lifted up the ark , and it was lifted up above the earth .
if you seek her as silver , and search for her as for hidden treasures :
then the elders of his city shall call him , and speak to him : and if he stand , and say , i do n't want to take her ;
now it happened , when all the people were baptized , jesus also had been baptized , and was praying . the sky was opened ,
and ain with its suburbs , and juttah with its suburbs , and beth shemesh with its suburbs ; nine cities out of those two tribes .
there were also others , two criminals , led with him to be put to death .
one who plots to do evil will be called a schemer .
then laban and bethuel answered , the thing proceeds from yahweh . we ca n't speak to you bad or good .
i have been crucified with christ , and it is no longer i that live , but christ living in me . that life which i now live in the flesh , i live by faith in the son of god , who loved me , and gave himself up for me .
( now the congregation 's half was three hundred thirty - seven thousand five hundred sheep ,
joash king of israel took amaziah king of judah , the son of joash the son of jehoahaz , at beth shemesh , and brought him to jerusalem , and broke down the wall of jerusalem from the gate of ephraim to the corner gate , four hundred cubits .
has n't the scripture said that the christ comes of the seed of david , and from bethlehem , the village where david was ?
as the nations that yahweh makes to perish before you , so shall you perish ; because you would n't listen to the voice of yahweh your god .
rejoice in the lord always ! again i will say , rejoice !
for there is hope for a tree , if it is cut down , that it will sprout again , that the tender branch of it will not cease .
he saved others , but he ca n't save himself . if he is the king of israel , let him come down from the cross now , and we will believe in him .
every bed whereon he who has the discharge lies shall be unclean ; and everything he sits on shall be unclean .
it happened , at the return of the year , at the time when kings go out to battle , that david sent joab , and his servants with him , and all israel ; and they destroyed the children of ammon , and besieged rabbah . but david stayed at jerusalem .
then hezekiah turned his face to the wall and prayed to yahweh ,
yes , i beg you that i may not , when present , show courage with the confidence with which i intend to be bold against some , who consider us to be walking according to the flesh .
we roar all like bears , and moan sore like doves : we look for justice , but there is none ; for salvation , but it is far off from us .
grace , mercy , and peace will be with us , from god the father , and from the lord jesus christ , the son of the father , in truth and love .
i adjure you , daughters of jerusalem , by the roes , or by the hinds of the field , that you not stir up , nor awaken love , until it so desires .
they have emptied out the money that was found in the house of yahweh , and have delivered it into the hand of the overseers , and into the hand of the workmen .
he went out about the third hour , and saw others standing idle in the marketplace .
for the king had ships that went to tarshish with the servants of huram ; once every three years came the ships of tarshish , bringing gold , and silver , ivory , and apes , and peacocks .
it happened after the death of joshua , the children of israel asked of yahweh , saying , who shall go up for us first against the canaanites , to fight against them ?
at lystra a certain man sat , impotent in his feet , a cripple from his mother 's womb , who never had walked .
he broke down the tower of penuel , and killed the men of the city .
i would declare to him the number of my steps . as a prince would i go near to him .
for they vex you with their wiles , with which they have deceived you in the matter of peor , and in the matter of cozbi , the daughter of the prince of midian , their sister , who was slain on the day of the plague in the matter of peor .
to these he also showed himself alive after he suffered , by many proofs , appearing to them over a period of forty days , and speaking about god 's kingdom .
if the ear would say , because i 'm not the eye , i 'm not part of the body , it 's not therefore not part of the body .
then jesus came and took the bread , gave it to them , and the fish likewise .
joram said , make ready . they made ready his chariot . joram king of israel and ahaziah king of judah went out , each in his chariot , and they went out to meet jehu , and found him in the portion of naboth the jezreelite .
they cast out many demons , and anointed many with oil who were sick , and healed them .
accounting the reproach of christ greater riches than the treasures of egypt ; for he looked to the reward .
for i determined not to know anything among you , except jesus christ , and him crucified .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
can your heart endure , or can your hands be strong , in the days that i shall deal with you ? i , yahweh , have spoken it , and will do it .
and he had two wives ; the name of the one was hannah , and the name of other peninnah : and peninnah had children , but hannah had no children .
they commanded the children of benjamin , saying , go and lie in wait in the vineyards ,
while he yet spoke , behold , jonathan the son of abiathar the priest came : and adonijah said , come in ; for you are a worthy man , and bring good news .
day by day , continuing steadfastly with one accord in the temple , and breaking bread at home , they took their food with gladness and singleness of heart ,
they answered him , our father is abraham . jesus said to them , if you were abraham 's children , you would do the works of abraham .
again i tell you , it is easier for a camel to go through a needle 's eye , than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of god .
when you offer an offering of a meal offering baked in the oven , it shall be unleavened cakes of fine flour mixed with oil , or unleavened wafers anointed with oil .
he sent young men of the children of israel , who offered burnt offerings and sacrificed peace offerings of oxen to yahweh .
the cows took the straight way by the way to beth shemesh ; they went along the highway , lowing as they went , and did n't turn aside to the right hand or to the left ; and the lords of the philistines went after them to the border of beth shemesh .
now it happened , when adoni - zedek king of jerusalem heard how joshua had taken ai , and had utterly destroyed it ; as he had done to jericho and her king , so he had done to ai and her king ; and how the inhabitants of gibeon had made peace with israel , and were among them ;
the land of egypt is before you . make your father and your brothers dwell in the best of the land . let them dwell in the land of goshen . if you know any able men among them , then put them in charge of my livestock .
remember them , my god , because they have defiled the priesthood , and the covenant of the priesthood , and of the levites .
you will be hated by all men for my name 's sake .
i will put a division between my people and your people : by tomorrow shall this sign be . '
keep your tongue from evil , and your lips from speaking lies .
they indeed of the sons of levi who receive the priest 's office have a commandment to take tithes of the people according to the law , that is , of their brothers , though these have come out of the body of abraham ,
judah became his sanctuary , israel his dominion .
he saw two boats standing by the lake , but the fishermen had gone out of them , and were washing their nets .
into whatever city or village you enter , find out who in it is worthy ; and stay there until you go on .
yet have respect for the prayer of your servant , and for his supplication , yahweh my god , to listen to the cry and to the prayer which your servant prays before you this day ;
ascribe to yahweh , you sons of the mighty , ascribe to yahweh glory and strength .
you have bought me no sweet cane with money , neither have you filled me with the fat of your sacrifices ; but you have burdened me with your sins , you have wearied me with your iniquities .
judas the son of james ; and judas iscariot , who also became a traitor .
from thirty years old and upward until fifty years old shall you number them ; all who enter in to wait on the service , to do the work in the tent of meeting .
but i will settle him in my house and in my kingdom forever ; and his throne shall be established forever .
and it happened , as he sowed , some seed fell by the road , and the birds came and devoured it .
yahweh said to joshua , do n't fear them : for i have delivered them into your hands ; there shall not a man of them stand before you .
all sheep and oxen , yes , and the animals of the field ,
therefore , son of man , prophesy , and tell gog , thus says the lord yahweh : in that day when my people israel dwells securely , shall you not know it ?
solomon ruled over all the kingdoms from the river to the land of the philistines , and to the border of egypt : they brought tribute , and served solomon all the days of his life .
faithful are the wounds of a friend ; although the kisses of an enemy are profuse .
the idols shall utterly pass away .
he asked the scribes , what are you asking them ?
do n't forsake me , yahweh . my god , do n't be far from me .
but jesus answered them , you are mistaken , not knowing the scriptures , nor the power of god .
thus says the lord yahweh : in the first month , in the first day of the month , you shall take a young bull without blemish ; and you shall cleanse the sanctuary .
then zedekiah the king commanded , and they committed jeremiah into the court of the guard ; and they gave him daily a loaf of bread out of the bakers ' street , until all the bread in the city was spent . thus jeremiah remained in the court of the guard .
he said to his people , behold , the people of the children of israel are more and mightier than we .
it happened as they emptied their sacks , that behold , every man 's bundle of money was in his sack . when they and their father saw their bundles of money , they were afraid .
for this service of giving that you perform not only makes up for lack among the saints , but abounds also through many givings of thanks to god ;
into whatever house you enter , stay there , and depart from there .
we are of god . he who knows god listens to us . he who is not of god does n't listen to us . by this we know the spirit of truth , and the spirit of error .
and might deliver all of them who through fear of death were all their lifetime subject to bondage .
he will judge the poor of the people . he will save the children of the needy , and will break the oppressor in pieces .
also pull out some for her from the bundles , and leave it , and let her glean , and do n't rebuke her .
for you , yahweh of armies , the god of israel , have revealed to your servant , saying , i will build you a house : therefore has your servant found in his heart to pray this prayer to you .
thus shall you say to them , the gods that have not made the heavens and the earth , these shall perish from the earth , and from under the heavens .
he himself was in the stern , asleep on the cushion , and they woke him up , and told him , teacher , do n't you care that we are dying ?
the children struggled together within her . she said , if it be so , why do i live ? she went to inquire of yahweh .
the elders of jabesh said to him , give us seven days ' respite , that we may send messengers to all the borders of israel ; and then , if there be none to save us , we will come out to you .
instructing us to the intent that , denying ungodliness and worldly lusts , we would live soberly , righteously , and godly in this present world ;
it is not the great who are wise , nor the aged who understand justice .
what agreement has a temple of god with idols ? for you are a temple of the living god . even as god said , i will dwell in them , and walk in them ; and i will be their god , and they will be my people .
they spend their days in prosperity . in an instant they go down to sheol .
not for these only do i pray , but for those also who believe in me through their word ,
do n't lie to one another , seeing that you have put off the old man with his doings ,
but jesus , knowing this , said to them , why do you trouble the woman ? because she has done a good work for me .
the wing of the other cherub was five cubits , reaching to the wall of the house ; and the other wing was five cubits also , joining to the wing of the other cherub .
and in nothing frightened by the adversaries , which is for them a proof of destruction , but to you of salvation , and that from god .
i said , my strength is perished , and my expectation from yahweh .
david said to him , to whom belong you ? and whence are you ? he said , i am a young man of egypt , servant to an amalekite ; and my master left me , because three days ago i fell sick .
the levites shall answer , and tell all the men of israel with a loud voice ,
rehoboam lived in jerusalem , and built cities for defense in judah .
reuben answered them , saying , did n't i tell you , saying , do n't sin against the child , ' and you would n't listen ? therefore also , behold , his blood is required .
when joseph 's brothers saw that their father was dead , they said , it may be that joseph will hate us , and will fully pay us back for all of the evil which we did to him .
neither shall men break bread for them in mourning , to comfort them for the dead ; neither shall men give them the cup of consolation to drink for their father or for their mother .
behold , a certain man who had dropsy was in front of him .
he stood and cried to the armies of israel , and said to them , why are you come out to set your battle in array ? am i not a philistine , and you servants to saul ? choose you a man for you , and let him come down to me .
yes , if a man lives many years , let him rejoice in them all ; but let him remember the days of darkness , for they shall be many . all that comes is vanity .
son of man , what is this proverb that you have in the land of israel , saying , the days are prolonged , and every vision fails ?
i will lay it a wasteland . it wo n't be pruned nor hoed , but it will grow briers and thorns . i will also command the clouds that they rain no rain on it .
which he made to abound toward us in all wisdom and prudence ,
aaron was one hundred twenty - three years old when he died in mount hor .
god said , let there be lights in the expanse of sky to divide the day from the night ; and let them be for signs , and for seasons , and for days and years ;
if a man have two wives , the one beloved , and the other hated , and they have borne him children , both the beloved and the hated ; and if the firstborn son be hers who was hated ;
the singers the sons of asaph were in their place , according to the commandment of david , and asaph , and heman , and jeduthun the king 's seer ; and the porters were at every gate : they did n't need to depart from their service ; for their brothers the levites prepared for them .
david said to his men , gird you on every man his sword . they girded on every man his sword ; and david also girded on his sword : and there went up after david about four hundred men ; and two hundred abode by the baggage .
when they go , i will spread my net on them . i will bring them down like the birds of the sky . i will chastise them , as their congregation has heard .
but zerubbabel , and jeshua , and the rest of the heads of fathers ' houses of israel , said to them , you have nothing to do with us in building a house to our god ; but we ourselves together will build to yahweh , the god of israel , as king cyrus the king of persia has commanded us .
moreover the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
you shall wash your clothes on the seventh day , and you shall be clean ; and afterward you shall come into the camp .
but jehoiada the priest took a chest , and bored a hole in the lid of it , and set it beside the altar , on the right side as one comes into the house of yahweh : and the priests who kept the threshold put therein all the money that was brought into the house of yahweh .
my face is red with weeping . deep darkness is on my eyelids .
the priest shall offer the sin offering , and make atonement for him who is to be cleansed because of his uncleanness : and afterward he shall kill the burnt offering ;
my father , who has given them to me , is greater than all . no one is able to snatch them out of my father 's hand .
so they set them up micah 's engraved image which he made , all the time that the house of god was in shiloh .
when the child was grown , it fell on a day , that he went out to his father to the reapers .
jerusalem , jerusalem , that kills the prophets , and stones those who are sent to her ! how often i wanted to gather your children together , like a hen gathers her own brood under her wings , and you refused !
there came to him sadducees , who say that there is no resurrection . they asked him , saying ,
yahweh said to moses , take all the chiefs of the people , and hang them up to yahweh before the sun , that the fierce anger of yahweh may turn away from israel .
but they mocked the messengers of god , and despised his words , and scoffed at his prophets , until the wrath of yahweh arose against his people , until there was no remedy .
even those who were numbered of them , by their families , by their fathers ' houses , were two thousand six hundred thirty .
he said to him , which ones ? jesus said , you shall not murder . ' you shall not commit adultery . ' you shall not steal . ' you shall not offer false testimony . '
jesus answered them , did n't i choose you , the twelve , and one of you is a devil ?
for one will hardly die for a righteous man . yet perhaps for a righteous person someone would even dare to die .
i will open my mouth in a parable . i will utter dark sayings of old ,
take your father and your households , and come to me , and i will give you the good of the land of egypt , and you will eat the fat of the land . '
they struck the men who were at the door of the house with blindness , both small and great , so that they wearied themselves to find the door .
jacob said to him , my lord knows that the children are tender , and that the flocks and herds with me have their young , and if they overdrive them one day , all the flocks will die .
and your strength will be spent in vain ; for your land wo n't yield its increase , neither will the trees of the land yield their fruit .
rejoice you with jerusalem , and be glad for her , all you who love her : rejoice for joy with her , all you who mourn over her ;
the elders of the congregation shall lay their hands on the head of the bull before yahweh ; and the bull shall be killed before yahweh .
all nations shall call you blessed , for you will be a delightful land , says yahweh of armies .
in his days nebuchadnezzar king of babylon came up , and jehoiakim became his servant three years : then he turned and rebelled against him .
moreover of the children of the strangers who sojourn among you , of them you may buy , and of their families who are with you , which they have conceived in your land ; and they will be your property .
he charged us to preach to the people and to testify that this is he who is appointed by god as the judge of the living and the dead .
all the house of joseph , his brothers , and his father 's house . only their little ones , their flocks , and their herds , they left in the land of goshen .
you have not known him , but i know him . if i said , i do n't know him , ' i would be like you , a liar . but i know him , and keep his word .
and the lord make you to increase and abound in love one toward another , and toward all men , even as we also do toward you ,
after the uproar had ceased , paul sent for the disciples , took leave of them , and departed to go into macedonia .
jehoshaphat slept with his fathers , and was buried with his fathers in the city of david : and jehoram his son reigned in his place .
the anger of yahweh was kindled against israel , and he sold them into the hand of the philistines , and into the hand of the children of ammon .
for an unloved woman when she is married ; and a handmaid who is heir to her mistress .
they kill the widow and the alien , and murder the fatherless .
joab the son of zeruiah , and the servants of david , went out , and met them by the pool of gibeon ; and they sat down , the one on the one side of the pool , and the other on the other side of the pool .
some pour out gold from the bag , and weigh silver in the balance . they hire a goldsmith , and he makes it a god . they fall downyes , they worship .
he causes all , the small and the great , the rich and the poor , and the free and the slave , to be given marks on their right hands , or on their foreheads ;
in the meanwhile , the disciples urged him , saying , rabbi , eat .
and strip aaron of his garments , and put them on eleazar his son : and aaron shall be gathered to his people , and shall die there .
a voice came to him again the second time , what god has cleansed , you must not call unclean .
for my sighing comes before i eat , my groanings are poured out like water .
and cast him into the abyss , and shut it , and sealed it over him , that he should deceive the nations no more , until the thousand years were finished . after this , he must be freed for a short time .
tear your heart , and not your garments , and turn to yahweh , your god ; for he is gracious and merciful , slow to anger , and abundant in loving kindness , and relents from sending calamity .
i have trodden the winepress alone ; and of the peoples there was no man with me : yes , i trod them in my anger , and trampled them in my wrath ; and their lifeblood is sprinkled on my garments , and i have stained all my clothing .
be diligent to come to me soon ,
but he shall acknowledge the firstborn , the son of the hated , by giving him a double portion of all that he has ; for he is the beginning of his strength ; the right of the firstborn is his .
you shall not lie with any animal to defile yourself with it ; neither shall any woman give herself to an animal , to lie down with it : it is a perversion .
nor height , nor depth , nor any other created thing , will be able to separate us from the love of god , which is in christ jesus our lord .
better is the end of a thing than its beginning . the patient in spirit is better than the proud in spirit .
balak did as balaam had spoken ; and balak and balaam offered on every altar a bull and a ram .
the children of israel again did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh : and yahweh strengthened eglon the king of moab against israel , because they had done that which was evil in the sight of yahweh .
the tent , its outer covering , its roof , its clasps , its boards , its bars , its pillars , and its sockets ;
then he came , and he took it out of the right hand of him who sat on the throne .
saying , prophesy to us , you christ ! who hit you ?
yahweh said to moses , yet one plague more will i bring on pharaoh , and on egypt ; afterwards he will let you go . when he lets you go , he will surely thrust you out altogether .
i took your sin , the calf which you had made , and burnt it with fire , and stamped it , grinding it very small , until it was as fine as dust : and i cast the dust of it into the brook that descended out of the mountain .
make me savory food , such as i love , and bring it to me , that i may eat , and that my soul may bless you before i die .
my son , give me your heart ; and let your eyes keep in my ways .
do n't speak against one another , brothers . he who speaks against a brother and judges his brother , speaks against the law and judges the law . but if you judge the law , you are not a doer of the law , but a judge .
they began to accuse him , saying , we found this man perverting the nation , forbidding paying taxes to caesar , and saying that he himself is christ , a king .
forty - one years reigned he in jerusalem : and his mother 's name was maacah the daughter of abishalom .
the words of jeremiah the son of hilkiah , of the priests who were in anathoth in the land of benjamin :
now david fled , and escaped , and came to samuel to ramah , and told him all that saul had done to him . he and samuel went and lived in naioth .
a man of many companions may be ruined , but there is a friend who sticks closer than a brother .
have the workers of iniquity no knowledge , who eat up my people as they eat bread , and do n't call on god ?
david sent messengers to the men of jabesh gilead , and said to them , blessed be you of yahweh , that you have shown this kindness to your lord , even to saul , and have buried him .
he blessed him , and said , blessed be abram of god most high , possessor of heaven and earth :
having eyes full of adultery , and who ca n't cease from sin ; enticing unsettled souls ; having a heart trained in greed ; children of cursing ;
we know and have believed the love which god has for us . god is love , and he who remains in love remains in god , and god remains in him .
that it might take hold of the ends of the earth , and shake the wicked out of it ?
when he rose up from his prayer , he came to the disciples , and found them sleeping because of grief ,
the watchman said , i think the running of the foremost is like the running of ahimaaz the son of zadok . the king said , he is a good man , and comes with good news .
behold , the acts of asa , first and last , behold , they are written in the book of the kings of judah and israel .
wo n't i in that day , says yahweh , destroy the wise men out of edom , and understanding out of the mountain of esau ?
in the day of my trouble i sought the lord . my hand was stretched out in the night , and did n't get tired . my soul refused to be comforted .
yahweh rewarded me according to my righteousness ; according to the cleanness of my hands has he recompensed me .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
then joshua called the reubenites , and the gadites , and the half - tribe of manasseh ,
he said to the levites who taught all israel , who were holy to yahweh , put the holy ark in the house which solomon the son of david king of israel did build ; there shall no more be a burden on your shoulders : now serve yahweh your god , and his people israel .
they all as one began to make excuses . the first said to him , i have bought a field , and i must go and see it . please have me excused . '
i will stretch out my hand against judah , and against all the inhabitants of jerusalem . i will cut off the remnant of baal from this place : the name of the idolatrous and pagan priests ,
then shall your light break forth as the morning , and your healing shall spring forth speedily ; and your righteousness shall go before you ; the glory of yahweh shall be your rear guard .
your children shall be wanderers in the wilderness forty years , and shall bear your prostitution , until your dead bodies be consumed in the wilderness .
while i am in the world , i am the light of the world .
his ways are prosperous at all times ; he is haughty , and your laws are far from his sight : as for all his adversaries , he sneers at them .
not that we are sufficient of ourselves , to account anything as from ourselves ; but our sufficiency is from god ;
the six hundred men girt with their weapons of war , who were of the children of dan , stood by the entrance of the gate .
they ought to have been here before you , and to make accusation , if they had anything against me .
for the children of israel and the children of levi shall bring the wave offering of the grain , of the new wine , and of the oil , to the chambers , where are the vessels of the sanctuary , and the priests who minister , and the porters , and the singers : and we will not forsake the house of our god .
the five men who went to spy out the land went up , and came in there , and took the engraved image , and the ephod , and the teraphim , and the molten image : and the priest stood by the entrance of the gate with the six hundred men girt with weapons of war .
am i a god at hand , says yahweh , and not a god afar off ?
josiah was eight years old when he began to reign ; and he reigned thirty - one years in jerusalem .
your lips , my bride , drip like the honeycomb . honey and milk are under your tongue . the smell of your garments is like the smell of lebanon .
it will happen at the harvests , that you shall give a fifth to pharaoh , and four parts will be your own , for seed of the field , for your food , for them of your households , and for food for your little ones .
there was a certain jew in shushan the palace , whose name was mordecai , the son of jair , the son of shimei , the son of kish , a benjamite ,
a sword shall come on egypt , and anguish shall be in ethiopia , when the slain shall fall in egypt ; and they shall take away her multitude , and her foundations shall be broken down .
pour out your wrath on the nations that do n't know you ; on the kingdoms that do n't call on your name ;
king solomon raised a levy out of all israel ; and the levy was thirty thousand men .
do n't receive an accusation against an elder , except at the word of two or three witnesses .
the deep says , it is n't in me . ' the sea says , it is n't with me . '
the fish that are in the river shall die , and the river shall become foul ; and the egyptians shall loathe to drink water from the river . '
the lord announced the word . the ones who proclaim it are a great company .
aaron shall lay both his hands on the head of the live goat , and confess over him all the iniquities of the children of israel , and all their transgressions , even all their sins ; and he shall put them on the head of the goat , and shall send him away into the wilderness by the hand of a man who is in readiness .
isaac came from the way of beer lahai roi , for he lived in the land of the south .
the priest 's heart was glad , and he took the ephod , and the teraphim , and the engraved image , and went in the midst of the people .
the thin heads of grain swallowed up the seven healthy and full ears . pharaoh awoke , and behold , it was a dream .
but thomas , one of the twelve , called didymus , was n't with them when jesus came .
until the time that his word happened , and yahweh 's word proved him true .
ezra the priest stood up , and said to them , you have trespassed , and have married foreign women , to increase the guilt of israel .
but israel , following after a law of righteousness , did n't arrive at the law of righteousness .
the keeper of the prison did n't look after anything that was under his hand , because yahweh was with him ; and that which he did , yahweh made it prosper .
brothers , i may tell you freely of the patriarch david , that he both died and was buried , and his tomb is with us to this day .
six days shall work be done , but on the seventh day is a sabbath of solemn rest , holy to yahweh . whoever does any work on the sabbath day shall surely be put to death .
he shall kill the lamb of the trespass offering . the priest shall take some of the blood of the trespass offering and put it on the tip of the right ear of him who is to be cleansed , and on the thumb of his right hand , and on the big toe of his right foot .
i , jesus , have sent my angel to testify these things to you for the assemblies . i am the root and the offspring of david ; the bright and morning star .
everyone therefore who confesses me before men , him i will also confess before my father who is in heaven .
but jehoshaphat said , is n't there here a prophet of yahweh , that we may inquire of yahweh by him ? one of the king of israel 's servants answered , elisha the son of shaphat is here , who poured water on the hands of elijah .
when abner was returned to hebron , joab took him aside into the midst of the gate to speak with him quietly , and struck him there in the body , so that he died , for the blood of asahel his brother .
be strong and of good courage ; for you shall cause this people to inherit the land which i swore to their fathers to give them .
yet it pleased yahweh to bruise him ; he has put him to grief : when you shall make his soul an offering for sin , he shall see his seed , he shall prolong his days , and the pleasure of yahweh shall prosper in his hand .
moses took the rod from before yahweh , as he commanded him .
she laid up his garment by her , until his master came home .
his lord said to him , well done , good and faithful servant . you have been faithful over a few things , i will set you over many things . enter into the joy of your lord . '
they asked baruch , saying , tell us now , how did you write all these words at his mouth ?
they sent a letter to him , in which was written thus : to darius the king , all peace .
the wind blows where it wants to , and you hear its sound , but do n't know where it comes from and where it is going . so is everyone who is born of the spirit .
he went on his journeys from the south even to bethel , to the place where his tent had been at the beginning , between bethel and ai ,
but have lifted up yourself against the lord of heaven ; and they have brought the vessels of his house before you , and you and your lords , your wives and your concubines , have drunk wine from them ; and you have praised the gods of silver and gold , of brass , iron , wood , and stone , which do n't see , nor hear , nor know ; and the god in whose hand your breath is , and whose are all your ways , you have not glorified .
therefore hear now this , you afflicted , and drunken , but now with wine :
from now on , let no one cause me any trouble , for i bear the marks of the lord jesus branded on my body .
if you shall keep all this commandment to do it , which i command you this day , to love yahweh your god , and to walk ever in his ways ; then shall you add three cities more for you , besides these three :
then achish gave him ziklag that day : why ziklag pertains to the kings of judah to this day .
the kings of the earth , the princes , the commanding officers , the rich , the strong , and every slave and free person , hid themselves in the caves and in the rocks of the mountains .
my eye shall not spare you , neither will i have pity ; but i will bring your ways on you , and your abominations shall be in the midst of you : and you shall know that i am yahweh .
then his sister said to pharaoh 's daughter , should i go and call a nurse for you from the hebrew women , that she may nurse the child for you ?
then i looked , and see , in the expanse that was over the head of the cherubim there appeared above them as it were a sapphire stone , as the appearance of the likeness of a throne .
let them vanish as water that flows away . when they draw the bow , let their arrows be made blunt .
my heart was hot within me . while i meditated , the fire burned : i spoke with my tongue :
when they had appointed elders for them in every assembly , and had prayed with fasting , they commended them to the lord , on whom they had believed .
not everyone who says to me , lord , lord , ' will enter into the kingdom of heaven ; but he who does the will of my father who is in heaven .
thus said yahweh to me : go , and stand in the gate of the children of the people , through which the kings of judah come in , and by which they go out , and in all the gates of jerusalem ;
there is silver beaten into plates , which is brought from tarshish , and gold from uphaz , the work of the artificer and of the hands of the goldsmith ; blue and purple for their clothing ; they are all the work of skillful men .
this is the message which we have heard from him and announce to you , that god is light , and in him is no darkness at all .
turn your ear , and listen to the words of the wise . apply your heart to my teaching .
let them be desolate by reason of their shame that tell me , aha ! aha !
yes , and all who desire to live godly in christ jesus will suffer persecution .
david took from him one thousand seven hundred horsemen , and twenty thousand footmen : and david hamstrung all the chariot horses , but reserved of them for one hundred chariots .
the children of israel spoke to moses , saying , behold , we perish , we are undone , we are all undone .
the word which came to jeremiah from yahweh , when king zedekiah sent to him pashhur the son of malchijah , and zephaniah the son of maaseiah , the priest , saying ,
after this it happened , that david struck the philistines , and subdued them , and took gath and its towns out of the hand of the philistines .
now he said this , not because he cared for the poor , but because he was a thief , and having the money box , used to steal what was put into it .
the men of israel and of judah arose , and shouted , and pursued the philistines , until you come to gai , and to the gates of ekron . the wounded of the philistines fell down by the way to shaaraim , even to gath , and to ekron .
who also sealed us , and gave us the down payment of the spirit in our hearts .
ezra the scribe stood on a pulpit of wood , which they had made for the purpose ; and beside him stood mattithiah , and shema , and anaiah , and uriah , and hilkiah , and maaseiah , on his right hand ; and on his left hand , pedaiah , and mishael , and malchijah , and hashum , and hashbaddanah , zechariah , and meshullam .
in a dream , in a vision of the night , when deep sleep falls on men , in slumbering on the bed ;
one golden ladle of ten shekels , full of incense ;
above all , taking up the shield of faith , with which you will be able to quench all the fiery darts of the evil one .
what i tell you in the darkness , speak in the light ; and what you hear whispered in the ear , proclaim on the housetops .
my lips shall shout for joy ! my soul , which you have redeemed , sings praises to you !
bearing with one another , and forgiving each other , if any man has a complaint against any ; even as christ forgave you , so you also do .
the mirth of tambourines ceases . the sound of those who rejoice ends . the joy of the harp ceases .
i will make your pinnacles of rubies , and your gates of emeralds , and all your border of precious stones .
also for the sons of aaron the priests , who were in the fields of the suburbs of their cities , in every city , there were men who were mentioned by name , to give portions to all the males among the priests , and to all who were reckoned by genealogy among the levites .
and that you make it your ambition to lead a quiet life , and to do your own business , and to work with your own hands , even as we charged you ;
on the day of our king , the princes made themselves sick with the heat of wine . he joined his hand with mockers .
they go from strength to strength . everyone of them appears before god in zion .
the bloodthirsty hate a man of integrity ; and they seek the life of the upright .
therefore is my harp turned to mourning , and my pipe into the voice of those who weep .
now the apostles and the brothers who were in judea heard that the gentiles had also received the word of god .
then samuel took the horn of oil , and anointed him in the midst of his brothers : and the spirit of yahweh came mightily on david from that day forward . so samuel rose up , and went to ramah .
yahweh your god will make you plenteous in all the work of your hand , in the fruit of your body , and in the fruit of your livestock , and in the fruit of your ground , for good : for yahweh will again rejoice over you for good , as he rejoiced over your fathers ;
but our god is in the heavens . he does whatever he pleases .
in his days pharaoh necoh king of egypt went up against the king of assyria to the river euphrates : and king josiah went against him ; and pharaoh necoh killed him at megiddo , when he had seen him .
for you are my lamp , yahweh ; yahweh will lighten my darkness .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
to whom our fathers would n't be obedient , but rejected him , and turned back in their hearts to egypt ,
therefore , o king , let my counsel be acceptable to you , and break off your sins by righteousness , and your iniquities by showing mercy to the poor ; if there may be a lengthening of your tranquillity .
he cropped off the topmost of the young twigs of it , and carried it to a land of traffic ; he set it in a city of merchants .
in the first year of cyrus the king , cyrus the king made a decree : concerning the house of god at jerusalem , let the house be built , the place where they offer sacrifices , and let the foundations of it be strongly laid ; the height of it sixty cubits , and the breadth of it sixty cubits ;
thus says the lord yahweh : if the prince give a gift to any of his sons , it is his inheritance , it shall belong to his sons ; it is their possession by inheritance .
then the kingdom of heaven will be like ten virgins , who took their lamps , and went out to meet the bridegroom .
so will i break down the wall that you have daubed with whitewash , and bring it down to the ground , so that the foundation of it shall be uncovered ; and it shall fall , and you shall be consumed in the midst of it : and you shall know that i am yahweh .
abraham circumcised his son , isaac , when he was eight days old , as god had commanded him .
he restored the eleven hundred pieces of silver to his mother ; and his mother said , i most assuredly dedicate the silver to yahweh from my hand for my son , to make an engraved image and a molten image : now therefore i will restore it to you .
the likeness of anything that creeps on the ground , the likeness of any fish that is in the water under the earth ;
only the tribe of levi you shall not number , neither shall you take a census of them among the children of israel ;
according as it is written , god gave them a spirit of stupor , eyes that they should not see , and ears that they should not hear , to this very day .
listen to me , house of jacob , and all the remnant of the house of israel , that have been borne by me from their birth , that have been carried from the womb ;
son of man , set your face toward the mountains of israel , and prophesy to them ,
a woman , when she gives birth , has sorrow , because her time has come . but when she has delivered the child , she does n't remember the anguish any more , for the joy that a human being is born into the world .
all the people shall hear , and fear , and do no more presumptuously .
one of the seven angels who had the seven bowls came and spoke with me , saying , come here . i will show you the judgment of the great prostitute who sits on many waters ,
but when the jews spoke against it , i was constrained to appeal to caesar , not that i had anything about which to accuse my nation .
but you , yahweh , have mercy on me , and raise me up , that i may repay them .
they went in to the king into the court ; but they had laid up the scroll in the chamber of elishama the scribe ; and they told all the words in the ears of the king .
he said , tomorrow . he said , be it according to your word , that you may know that there is none like yahweh our god .
however the king of the children of ammon did n't listen to the words of jephthah which he sent him .
jesus entered into the temple in jerusalem . when he had looked around at everything , it being now evening , he went out to bethany with the twelve .
jotham slept with his fathers , and they buried him in the city of david : and ahaz his son reigned in his place .
when they came to the threshing floor of chidon , uzza put forth his hand to hold the ark ; for the oxen stumbled .
all our enemies have opened their mouth wide against us .
blessed is he who considers the poor : yahweh will deliver him in the day of evil .
in you have they uncovered their fathers ' nakedness ; in you have they humbled her who was unclean in her impurity .
whoever lives and believes in me will never die . do you believe this ?
you are yahweh , even you alone ; you have made heaven , the heaven of heavens , with all their army , the earth and all things that are thereon , the seas and all that is in them , and you preserve them all ; and the army of heaven worships you .
therefore he sacrifices to his net , and burns incense to his dragnet , because by them his life is luxurious , and his food is good .
but you , brothers , are n't in darkness , that the day should overtake you like a thief .
how he was caught up into paradise , and heard unspeakable words , which it is not lawful for a man to utter .
it may be they will listen , and turn every man from his evil way ; that i may repent me of the evil which i purpose to do to them because of the evil of their doings .
if you were of the world , the world would love its own . but because you are not of the world , since i chose you out of the world , therefore the world hates you .
therefore do n't be like them , for your father knows what things you need , before you ask him .
god came to balaam , and said , what men are these with you ?
if the spirit of the ruler rises up against you , do n't leave your place ; for gentleness lays great offenses to rest .
he rebukes the sea , and makes it dry , and dries up all the rivers . bashan languishes , and carmel ; and the flower of lebanon languishes .
do n't be among ones drinking too much wine , or those who gorge themselves on meat :
so the king of israel went , and the king of judah , and the king of edom ; and they made a circuit of seven days ' journey : and there was no water for the army , nor for the animals that followed them .
now while the bridegroom delayed , they all slumbered and slept .
yahweh said , who shall entice ahab , that he may go up and fall at ramoth gilead ? one said on this manner ; and another said on that manner .
those who were numbered of the sons of gershon , their families , and by their fathers ' houses ,
he who corrects a mocker invites insult . he who reproves a wicked man invites abuse .
remember , i beg you , that you have fashioned me as clay . will you bring me into dust again ?
then the spirit entered into me , and set me on my feet ; and he spoke with me , and said to me , go , shut yourself within your house .
the children of israel did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh , and forgot yahweh their god , and served the baals and the asheroth .
when they could not come near to him for the crowd , they removed the roof where he was . when they had broken it up , they let down the mat that the paralytic was lying on .
concerning the good news , they are enemies for your sake . but concerning the election , they are beloved for the fathers ' sake .
as for the earth , out of it comes bread ; underneath it is turned up as it were by fire .
though wickedness is sweet in his mouth , though he hide it under his tongue ,
say among the nations , yahweh reigns . the world is also established . it ca n't be moved . he will judge the peoples with equity .
for indeed i bend judah as a bow for me . i have filled the bow with ephraim ; and i will stir up your sons , zion , against your sons , greece , and will make you like the sword of a mighty man .
let our people also learn to maintain good works for necessary uses , that they may not be unfruitful .
for if you shall diligently keep all this commandment which i command you , to do it , to love yahweh your god , to walk in all his ways , and to cleave to him ;
one male goat for a sin offering ;
for you will bless the righteous . yahweh , you will surround him with favor as with a shield .
of the tribe of zebulun twelve thousand , of the tribe of joseph twelve thousand , of the tribe of benjamin were sealed twelve thousand .
when much time had passed and the voyage was now dangerous , because the fast had now already gone by , paul admonished them ,
the dogs shall eat jezebel in the portion of jezreel , and there shall be none to bury her . he opened the door , and fled .
seven weeks shall you number to you : from the time you begin to put the sickle to the standing grain shall you begin to number seven weeks .
he said , yah has sworn : yahweh will have war with amalek from generation to generation . '
for has any said to god , i am guilty , but i will not offend any more .
the construction of its wall was jasper . the city was pure gold , like pure glass .
men will dwell therein , and there will be no more curse ; but jerusalem will dwell safely .
now when jesus heard that john was delivered up , he withdrew into galilee .
it shall be a perpetual statute to them : and he who sprinkles the water for impurity shall wash his clothes , and he who touches the water for impurity shall be unclean until even .
this is the day that yahweh has made . we will rejoice and be glad in it !
judah went up ; and yahweh delivered the canaanites and the perizzites into their hand : and they struck of them in bezek ten thousand men .
he said to another , follow me ! but he said , lord , allow me first to go and bury my father .
i shall be condemned ; why then do i labor in vain ?
you shall walk after yahweh your god , and fear him , and keep his commandments , and obey his voice , and you shall serve him , and cleave to him .
look at zion , the city of our appointed festivals . your eyes will see jerusalem , a quiet habitation , a tent that wo n't be removed . its stakes will never be plucked up , nor will any of its cords be broken .
and he said , if esau comes to the one company , and strikes it , then the company which is left will escape .
there shall you remember your ways , and all your doings , in which you have polluted yourselves ; and you shall loathe yourselves in your own sight for all your evils that you have committed .
the rich shall not give more , and the poor shall not give less , than the half shekel , when they give the offering of yahweh , to make atonement for your souls .
he erected an altar there , and called it el elohe israel .
the servants of saul told him , saying , on this manner spoke david .
for i am with you , says yahweh , to save you : for i will make a full end of all the nations where i have scattered you , but i will not make a full end of you ; but i will correct you in measure , and will in no way leave you unpunished .
and love the place of honor at feasts , the best seats in the synagogues ,
the people went out , and plundered the camp of the syrians . so a measure of fine flour was sold for a shekel , and two measures of barley for a shekel , according to the word of yahweh .
for the house of israel and the house of judah have dealt very treacherously against me , says yahweh .
cursed be he who lies with his mother - in - law . all the people shall say , amen .
again , when you have accomplished these , you shall lie on your right side , and shall bear the iniquity of the house of judah : forty days , each day for a year , have i appointed it to you .
but concerning the times and the seasons , brothers , you have no need that anything be written to you .
and the inhabitants of one shall go to another , saying , let us go speedily to entreat the favor of yahweh , and to seek yahweh of armies . i will go also . '
he humbled you , and allowed you to hunger , and fed you with manna , which you did n't know , neither did your fathers know ; that he might make you know that man does not live by bread only , but by everything that proceeds out of the mouth of yahweh does man live .
then call , and i will answer ; or let me speak , and you answer me .
who covers the sky with clouds , who prepares rain for the earth , who makes grass grow on the mountains .
solomon told her all her questions ; and there was not anything hid from solomon which he did n't tell her .
in whom you also are built together for a habitation of god in the spirit .
what has been done this day , so yahweh has commanded to do , to make atonement for you .
but as for me , i know that my redeemer lives . in the end , he will stand upon the earth .
but all the girls , who have not known man by lying with him , keep alive for yourselves .
watch therefore , for you do n't know in what hour your lord comes .
for nothing is hidden , that will not be revealed ; nor anything secret , that will not be known and come to light .
and the border shall turn about from azmon to the brook of egypt , and the goings out of it shall be at the sea .
he looked , and behold , there was at his head a cake baked on the coals , and a jar of water . he ate and drink , and laid him down again .
sing , barren , you who did n't bear ; break forth into singing , and cry aloud , you who did not travail with child : for more are the children of the desolate than the children of the married wife , says yahweh .
go up to the mountain , bring wood , and build the house . i will take pleasure in it , and i will be glorified , says yahweh .
you shall not lend him your money at interest , nor give him your food for profit .
jeroboam said in his heart , now will the kingdom return to the house of david :
i have no need for a bull from your stall , nor male goats from your pens .
for you have forgotten the god of your salvation , and have not remembered the rock of your strength . therefore you plant pleasant plants , and set out foreign seedlings .
the servants of the householder came and said to him , sir , did n't you sow good seed in your field ? where did this darnel come from ? '
when it was day , he departed and went into an uninhabited place , and the multitudes looked for him , and came to him , and held on to him , so that he would n't go away from them .
sing to yahweh ! bless his name ! proclaim his salvation from day to day !
he will consume the glory of his forest , and of his fruitful field , both soul and body . it will be as when a standard bearer faints .
so the posts went with the letters from the king and his princes throughout all israel and judah , and according to the commandment of the king , saying , you children of israel , turn again to yahweh , the god of abraham , isaac , and israel , that he may return to the remnant that have escaped of you out of the hand of the kings of assyria .
they have passed away as the swift ships , as the eagle that swoops on the prey .
esther 's maidens and her chamberlains came and told it her ; and the queen was exceedingly grieved : and she sent clothing to clothe mordecai , and to take his sackcloth from off him ; but he did n't receive it .
i thought to disclose it to you , saying , buy it before those who sit here , and before the elders of my people . if you will redeem it , redeem it : but if you will not redeem it , then tell me , that i may know ; for there is none to redeem it besides you ; and i am after you . he said , i will redeem it .
everyone , with whom was found blue , purple , scarlet , fine linen , goats ' hair , rams ' skins dyed red , and sea cow hides , brought them .
yahweh did according to the word of moses , and the frogs died out of the houses , out of the courts , and out of the fields .
so all the men of israel went up from following david , and followed sheba the son of bichri ; but the men of judah joined with their king , from the jordan even to jerusalem .
when all the kings who were servants to hadarezer saw that they were put to the worse before israel , they made peace with israel , and served them . so the syrians feared to help the children of ammon any more .
david commanded to gather together the foreigners who were in the land of israel ; and he set masons to hew worked stones to build the house of god .
but ishmael the son of nethaniah escaped from johanan with eight men , and went to the children of ammon .
there ran a young man , and told moses , and said , eldad and medad do prophesy in the camp .
there is a way which seems right to a man , but in the end it leads to death .
and because he did n't need for anyone to testify concerning man ; for he himself knew what was in man .
you shall not eat any blood , whether it is of bird or of animal , in any of your dwellings .
he struck moab , and measured them with the line , making them to lie down on the ground ; and he measured two lines to put to death , and one full line to keep alive . the moabites became servants to david , and brought tribute .
ask a sign of yahweh your god ; ask it either in the depth , or in the height above .
turn you us to you , yahweh , and we shall be turned ; renew our days as of old .
flee for safety , you children of benjamin , out of the midst of jerusalem , and blow the trumpet in tekoa , and raise up a signal on beth haccherem ; for evil looks forth from the north , and a great destruction .
there is a generation whose teeth are like swords , and their jaws like knives , to devour the poor from the earth , and the needy from among men .
then he will say also to those on the left hand , depart from me , you cursed , into the eternal fire which is prepared for the devil and his angels ;
for we are not as so many , peddling the word of god . but as of sincerity , but as of god , in the sight of god , we speak in christ .
and we will cut wood out of lebanon , as much as you shall need ; and we will bring it to you in floats by sea to joppa ; and you shall carry it up to jerusalem .
daniel spoke and said , i saw in my vision by night , and , behold , the four winds of the sky broke forth on the great sea .
that which is crooked ca n't be made straight ; and that which is lacking ca n't be counted .
he has violently taken away his tent , as if it were of a garden ; he has destroyed his place of assembly : yahweh has caused solemn assembly and sabbath to be forgotten in zion , has despised in the indignation of his anger the king and the priest .
looking around at those who sat around him , he said , behold , my mother and my brothers !
yahweh was very angry with aaron to destroy him : and i prayed for aaron also at the same time .
in this confidence , i was determined to come first to you , that you might have a second benefit ;
but they did n't understand this saying . it was concealed from them , that they should not perceive it , and they were afraid to ask him about this saying .
in the third month after the children of israel had gone forth out of the land of egypt , on that same day they came into the wilderness of sinai .
remember lot 's wife !
according to all these words , and according to all this vision , so did nathan speak to david .
for you all can prophesy one by one , that all may learn , and all may be exhorted .
they shall teach jacob your ordinances , israel your law : they shall put incense before you , whole burnt offering on your altar .
and he went after the man of israel into the pavilion , and thrust both of them through , the man of israel , and the woman through her body . so the plague was stayed from the children of israel .
she gave the king one hundred and twenty talents of gold , and spices in great abundance , and precious stones : neither was there any such spice as the queen of sheba gave to king solomon .
afterward moses and aaron came , and said to pharaoh , this is what yahweh , the god of israel , says , let my people go , that they may hold a feast to me in the wilderness . '
all the firstborn males that are born of your herd and of your flock you shall sanctify to yahweh your god : you shall do no work with the firstborn of your herd , nor shear the firstborn of your flock .
let no man therefore judge you in eating , or in drinking , or with respect to a feast day or a new moon or a sabbath day ,
you have multiplied your slain in this city , and you have filled the streets of it with the slain .
she said to him , not so , because this great wrong in putting me forth is worse than the other that you did to me . but he would not listen to her .
then hear you in heaven , and do , and judge your servants , condemning the wicked , to bring his way on his own head , and justifying the righteous , to give him according to his righteousness .
moreover you shall tell them , thus says yahweh : shall men fall , and not rise up again ? shall one turn away , and not return ?
they did n't thirst when he led them through the deserts ; he caused the waters to flow out of the rock for them ; he split the rock also , and the waters gushed out .
now therefore thus says yahweh , you shall not come down from the bed where you are gone up , but shall surely die . elijah departed .
at that time hanani the seer came to asa king of judah , and said to him , because you have relied on the king of syria , and have not relied on yahweh your god , therefore is the army of the king of syria escaped out of your hand .
let no man say when he is tempted , i am tempted by god , for god ca n't be tempted by evil , and he himself tempts no one .
set a wicked man over him . let an adversary stand at his right hand .
in the twelfth year of joram the son of ahab king of israel did ahaziah the son of jehoram king of judah begin to reign .
asa did that which was good and right in the eyes of yahweh his god :
oh the depth of the riches both of the wisdom and the knowledge of god ! how unsearchable are his judgments , and his ways past tracing out !
then eliashib the high priest rose up with his brothers the priests , and they built the sheep gate ; they sanctified it , and set up the doors of it ; even to the tower of hammeah they sanctified it , to the tower of hananel .
of the one thousand seven hundred seventy - five shekels he made hooks for the pillars , overlaid their capitals , and made fillets for them .
for your servant david 's sake , do n't turn away the face of your anointed one .
i was alive apart from the law once , but when the commandment came , sin revived , and i died .
the king and his men went to jerusalem against the jebusites , the inhabitants of the land , who spoke to david , saying , except you take away the blind and the lame , you shall not come in here ; thinking , david ca n't come in here .
also day by day , from the first day to the last day , he read in the book of the law of god . they kept the feast seven days ; and on the eighth day was a solemn assembly , according to the ordinance .
behold , i will do a new thing ; now shall it spring forth ; shall you not know it ? i will even make a way in the wilderness , and rivers in the desert .
turn my eyes away from looking at worthless things . revive me in your ways .
among whom you are also called to belong to jesus christ ;
for the canaanites and all the inhabitants of the land will hear of it , and will compass us round , and cut off our name from the earth : and what will you do for your great name ?
who have kept with your servant david my father that which you did promise him : yes , you spoke with your mouth , and have fulfilled it with your hand , as it is this day .
know that yahweh , he is god . it is he who has made us , and we are his . we are his people , and the sheep of his pasture .
there was no water for the congregation : and they assembled themselves together against moses and against aaron .
for what the law could n't do , in that it was weak through the flesh , god did , sending his own son in the likeness of sinful flesh and for sin , he condemned sin in the flesh ;
how long will you hunt for words ? consider , and afterwards we will speak .
arise , god , judge the earth , for you inherit all of the nations .
that i will break the assyrian in my land , and tread him under foot on my mountains . then his yoke will leave them , and his burden leave their shoulders .
but the unclean spirit , when he is gone out of the man , passes through waterless places , seeking rest , and does n't find it .
he will come and destroy these farmers , and will give the vineyard to others . when they heard it , they said , may it never be !
my son , listen to your father 's instruction , and do n't forsake your mother 's teaching :
jacob came in peace to the city of shechem , which is in the land of canaan , when he came from paddan aram ; and encamped before the city .
menahem slept with his fathers ; and pekahiah his son reigned in his place .
the scribes and the pharisees watched him , to see whether he would heal on the sabbath , that they might find an accusation against him .
but if they are questions about words and names and your own law , look to it yourselves . for i do n't want to be a judge of these matters .
amaziah the son of joash king of judah lived after the death of jehoash son of jehoahaz king of israel fifteen years .
the tribes of israel sent men through all the tribe of benjamin , saying , what wickedness is this that is happen among you ?
jesus said , father , forgive them , for they do n't know what they are doing . dividing his garments among them , they cast lots .
my breath is offensive to my wife . i am loathsome to the children of my own mother .
the children of israel set forward according to their journeys out of the wilderness of sinai ; and the cloud abode in the wilderness of paran .
happy are your men , happy are these your servants , who stand continually before you , and who hear your wisdom .
but after that our fathers had provoked the god of heaven to wrath , he gave them into the hand of nebuchadnezzar king of babylon , the chaldean , who destroyed this house , and carried the people away into babylon .
behold , the day , behold , it comes : your doom is gone forth ; the rod has blossomed , pride has budded .
shout against her round about : she has submitted herself ; her bulwarks are fallen , her walls are thrown down ; for it is the vengeance of yahweh : take vengeance on her ; as she has done , do to her .
the archers shot at king josiah ; and the king said to his servants , have me away ; for i am sore wounded .
for the good which i desire , i do n't do ; but the evil which i do n't desire , that i practice .
i am yahweh , your god , who brought you up out of the land of egypt . open your mouth wide , and i will fill it .
when he had said this , he breathed on them , and said to them , receive the holy spirit !
saul and all the people who were with him were gathered together , and came to the battle : and behold , every man 's sword was against his fellow , and there was a very great confusion .
an unfriendly man pursues selfishness , and defies all sound judgment .
apply your heart to instruction , and your ears to the words of knowledge .
he taught them many things in parables , and told them in his teaching ,
take you heed everyone of his neighbor , and do n't you trust in any brother ; for every brother will utterly supplant , and every neighbor will go about with slanders .
i am a stranger on the earth . do n't hide your commandments from me .
the ransomed of yahweh shall return , and come with singing to zion ; and everlasting joy shall be on their heads : they shall obtain gladness and joy ; and sorrow and sighing shall flee away .
the sixth poured out his bowl on the great river , the euphrates . its water was dried up , that the way might be made ready for the kings that come from the sunrise .
now my eyes shall be open , and my ears attentive , to the prayer that is made in this place .
so i have seen you in the sanctuary , watching your power and your glory .
now after i had delivered the deed of the purchase to baruch the son of neriah , i prayed to yahweh , saying ,
you have increased the nation , o yahweh . you have increased the nation ! you are glorified ! you have enlarged all the borders of the land .
at that time , jesus answered , i thank you , father , lord of heaven and earth , that you hid these things from the wise and understanding , and revealed them to infants .
jesus answered him , because i told you , i saw you underneath the fig tree , ' do you believe ? you will see greater things than these !
david said to jonathan , behold , tomorrow is the new moon , and i should not fail to sit with the king at meat : but let me go , that i may hide myself in the field to the third day at evening .
so they sat down with him on the ground seven days and seven nights , and none spoke a word to him , for they saw that his grief was very great .
they prepare the table . they set the watch . they eat . they drink . rise up , you princes , oil the shield !
no one sews a piece of unshrunk cloth on an old garment , or else the patch shrinks and the new tears away from the old , and a worse hole is made .
then the word of yahweh came to jeremiah , after that the king had burned the scroll , and the words which baruch wrote at the mouth of jeremiah , saying ,
do n't withhold your tender mercies from me , yahweh . let your loving kindness and your truth continually preserve me .
my brothers have dealt deceitfully as a brook , as the channel of brooks that pass away ;
and how will they preach unless they are sent ? as it is written : how beautiful are the feet of those who preach the good news of peace , who bring glad tidings of good things !
for the day of yahweh is near all the nations ! as you have done , it will be done to you . your deeds will return upon your own head .
the farmer went out to sow his seed . as he sowed , some fell along the road , and it was trampled under foot , and the birds of the sky devoured it .
you are good , and do good . teach me your statutes .
he spread the covering over the tent , and put the roof of the tent above on it , as yahweh commanded moses .
he who implanted the ear , wo n't he hear ? he who formed the eye , wo n't he see ?
he closed the book , gave it back to the attendant , and sat down . the eyes of all in the synagogue were fastened on him .
the philistines stood on the mountain on the one side , and israel stood on the mountain on the other side : and there was a valley between them .
we have a little sister . she has no breasts . what shall we do for our sister in the day when she is to be spoken for ?
he said to me , son of man , go , get you to the house of israel , and speak with my words to them .
show me the tax money . they brought to him a denarius .
he carried out there all the treasures of the house of yahweh , and the treasures of the king 's house , and cut in pieces all the vessels of gold , which solomon king of israel had made in the temple of yahweh , as yahweh had said .
you have taken my friends from me . you have made me an abomination to them . i am confined , and i ca n't escape .
and cinnamon , incense , perfume , frankincense , wine , olive oil , fine flour , wheat , sheep , horses , chariots , and people 's bodies and souls .
that the creation itself also will be delivered from the bondage of decay into the liberty of the glory of the children of god .
so zedekiah the king swore secretly to jeremiah , saying , as yahweh lives , who made us this soul , i will not put you to death , neither will i give you into the hand of these men who seek your life .
yahweh said to moses , how long do you refuse to keep my commandments and my laws ?
the wilderness and the dry land will be glad . the desert will rejoice and blossom like a rose .
the egyptians shall know that i am yahweh , when i have gotten myself honor over pharaoh , over his chariots , and over his horsemen .
for i tell you , i will no longer by any means eat of it until it is fulfilled in the kingdom of god .
the sky was removed like a scroll when it is rolled up . every mountain and island were moved out of their places .
you shall make curtains of goats ' hair for a covering over the tent : eleven curtains shall you make them .
from the place of his habitation he looks out on all the inhabitants of the earth ,
your children make haste ; your destroyers and those who made you waste shall go forth from you .
i indeed declare , love stands firm forever . you established the heavens . your faithfulness is in them .
yahweh said to moses , take joshua the son of nun , a man in whom is the spirit , and lay your hand on him ;
surely none of the men who came up out of egypt , from twenty years old and upward , shall see the land which i swore to abraham , to isaac , and to jacob ; because they have not wholly followed me :
but the thing displeased samuel , when they said , give us a king to judge us . samuel prayed to yahweh .
the spirit lifted me up , and brought me in the vision by the spirit of god into chaldea , to them of the captivity . so the vision that i had seen went up from me .
it happened , that he was reclining at the table in his house , and many tax collectors and sinners sat down with jesus and his disciples , for there were many , and they followed him .
so that they go around naked without clothing . being hungry , they carry the sheaves .
jephthah said to them , i and my people were at great strife with the children of ammon ; and when i called you , you did n't save me out of their hand .
now , behold , in my affliction i have prepared for the house of yahweh one hundred thousand talents of gold , and one thousand thousand talents of silver , and of brass and iron without weight ; for it is in abundance : timber also and stone have i prepared ; and you may add to them .
arise , and depart ! for this is not your resting place , because of uncleanness that destroys , even with a grievous destruction .
jesus answered , you would have no power at all against me , unless it were given to you from above . therefore he who delivered me to you has greater sin .
and two turtledoves , or two young pigeons , such as he is able to afford ; and the one shall be a sin offering , and the other a burnt offering .
he was listening to paul speaking , who , fastening eyes on him , and seeing that he had faith to be made whole ,
though these three men were in it , as i live , says the lord yahweh , they should deliver neither sons nor daughters , but they only should be delivered themselves .
yahweh said to me , do n't fear him ; for i have delivered him , and all his people , and his land , into your hand ; and you shall do to him as you did to sihon king of the amorites , who lived at heshbon .
then he appeared to over five hundred brothers at once , most of whom remain until now , but some have also fallen asleep .
but if a priest buys a slave , purchased by his money , he shall eat of it ; and such as are born in his house , they shall eat of his bread .
that you may walk in the way of good men , and keep the paths of the righteous .
when you have stayed three days , you shall go down quickly , and come to the place where you did hide yourself when the business was in hand , and shall remain by the stone ezel .
but the vow of a widow , or of her who is divorced , even everything with which she has bound her soul , shall stand against her .
let them judge the people at all times . it shall be that every great matter they shall bring to you , but every small matter they shall judge themselves . so shall it be easier for you , and they shall share the load with you .
when he had determined to pass over into achaia , the brothers encouraged him , and wrote to the disciples to receive him . when he had come , he greatly helped those who had believed through grace ;
yahweh prepared a great fish to swallow up jonah , and jonah was in the belly of the fish three days and three nights .
because he loved your fathers , therefore he chose their seed after them , and brought you out with his presence , with his great power , out of egypt ;
he charged them that they should take nothing for their journey , except a staff only : no bread , no wallet , no money in their purse ,
then went samson down , and his father and his mother , to timnah , and came to the vineyards of timnah : and behold , a young lion roared against him .
two men went up into the temple to pray ; one was a pharisee , and the other was a tax collector .
when a man shall have a rising in his body 's skin , or a scab , or a bright spot , and it becomes in the skin of his body the plague of leprosy , then he shall be brought to aaron the priest , or to one of his sons the priests :
and said to him , run , speak to this young man , saying , jerusalem will be inhabited as villages without walls , because of the multitude of men and livestock in it .
one golden ladle of ten shekels , full of incense ;
the vision of obadiah . this is what the lord yahweh says about edom . we have heard news from yahweh , and an ambassador is sent among the nations , saying , arise , and let 's rise up against her in battle .
when i saw him , i fell at his feet like a dead man . he laid his right hand on me , saying , do n't be afraid . i am the first and the last ,
jacob tore his clothes , and put sackcloth on his waist , and mourned for his son many days .
yet the children of manasseh could n't drive out the inhabitants of those cities ; but the canaanites would dwell in that land .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
now may the lord of peace himself give you peace at all times in all ways . the lord be with you all .
but you shall go to my father 's house , and to my relatives , and take a wife for my son . '
what then shall i do when god rises up ? when he visits , what shall i answer him ?
when the lord saw her , he had compassion on her , and said to her , do n't cry .
there were also that said , we have borrowed money for the king 's tribute on our fields and our vineyards .
when it was evening he came with the twelve .
they went , and came to the mountain , and abode there three days , until the pursuers were returned : and the pursuers sought them throughout all the way , but did n't find them .
sometimes the cloud was from evening until morning ; and when the cloud was taken up in the morning , they traveled : or by day and by night , when the cloud was taken up , they traveled .
but naaman was angry , and went away , and said , behold , i thought , he will surely come out to me , and stand , and call on the name of yahweh his god , and wave his hand over the place , and recover the leper .
do you think that i have come to give peace in the earth ? i tell you , no , but rather division .
wherein you greatly rejoice , though now for a little while , if need be , you have been put to grief in various trials ,
even as it is written , for your sake we are killed all day long . we were accounted as sheep for the slaughter .
the righteous shall inherit the land , and live in it forever .
keep me from the snare which they have laid for me , from the traps of the workers of iniquity .
you shall set the levites before aaron , and before his sons , and offer them as a wave offering to yahweh .
therefore it is said in the book of the wars of yahweh , vaheb in suphah , the valleys of the arnon ,
rejoice with those who rejoice . weep with those who weep .
why do we also stand in jeopardy every hour ?
god spoke to noah and to his sons with him , saying ,
vex the midianites , and strike them ;
your vows are on me , god . i will give thank offerings to you .
the elders of gilead said to jephthah , yahweh shall be witness between us ; surely according to your word so will we do .
he encloses the face of his throne , and spreads his cloud on it .
they said to him , where is sarah , your wife ? he said , see , in the tent .
when your people israel are struck down before the enemy , because they have sinned against you ; if they turn again to you , and confess your name , and pray and make supplication to you in this house :
blessed are those whose ways are blameless , who walk according to yahweh 's law .
your eye shall not pity him , but you shall put away the innocent blood from israel , that it may go well with you .
now he spoke of judas , the son of simon iscariot , for it was he who would betray him , being one of the twelve .
moses went down from the mountain to the people , and sanctified the people ; and they washed their clothes .
for what does the scripture say ? abraham believed god , and it was accounted to him for righteousness .
i will keep my loving kindness for him forevermore . my covenant will stand firm with him .
they moved him to jealousy with strange gods ; with abominations provoked they him to anger .
if we are examined today concerning a good deed done to a crippled man , by what means this man has been healed ,
and being in readiness to avenge all disobedience , when your obedience will be made full .
do n't make a covenant with the inhabitants of the land , lest they play the prostitute after their gods , and sacrifice to their gods , and one call you and you eat of his sacrifice ;
as for you , house of israel , thus says the lord yahweh : go you , serve everyone his idols , and hereafter also , if you will not listen to me ; but my holy name shall you no more profane with your gifts , and with your idols .
i will abundantly bless her provision . i will satisfy her poor with bread .
certain also of the asiarchs , being his friends , sent to him and begged him not to venture into the theater .
the priest shall pour some of the oil into the palm of his own left hand ;
the beast which i saw was like a leopard , and his feet were like those of a bear , and his mouth like the mouth of a lion . the dragon gave him his power , his throne , and great authority .
now while he was not yet gone back , go back then , said he , to gedaliah the son of ahikam , the son of shaphan , whom the king of babylon has made governor over the cities of judah , and dwell with him among the people ; or go wherever it seems right to you to go . so the captain of the guard gave him food and a present , and let him go .
that path no bird of prey knows , neither has the falcon 's eye seen it .
the old men of gebal and the wise men of it were in you your repairers of ship seams : all the ships of the sea with their mariners were in you to deal in your merchandise .
they removed the burnt offerings , that they might give them according to the divisions of the fathers ' houses of the children of the people , to offer to yahweh , as it is written in the book of moses . so did they with the oxen .
he shall offer one of the turtledoves , or of the young pigeons , such as he is able to afford ,
and in vain do they worship me , teaching as doctrine rules made by men . '
it shall happen that as i thought to do to them , so will i do to you .
however , if you fulfill the royal law , according to the scripture , you shall love your neighbor as yourself , you do well .
for if , while we were enemies , we were reconciled to god through the death of his son , much more , being reconciled , we will be saved by his life .
therefore his parents said , he is of age . ask him .
yet all this avails me nothing , so long as i see mordecai the jew sitting at the king 's gate .
joab gave up the sum of the numbering of the people to david . all those of israel were one million one hundred thousand men who drew sword : and in judah were four hundred seventy thousand men who drew sword .
yahweh our god made a covenant with us in horeb .
men shall go into the caves of the rocks , and into the holes of the earth , from before the terror of yahweh , and from the glory of his majesty , when he arises to shake the earth mightily .
the tongue of the sucking child cleaves to the roof of his mouth for thirst : the young children ask bread , and no man breaks it to them .
the children of israel returned from chasing after the philistines , and they plundered their camp .
i understand more than the aged , because i have kept your precepts .
esau said , let me now leave with you some of the folk who are with me . he said , why ? let me find favor in the sight of my lord .
they went after them to the jordan : and behold , all the way was full of garments and vessels , which the syrians had cast away in their haste . the messengers returned , and told the king .
standing behind at his feet weeping , she began to wet his feet with her tears , and she wiped them with the hair of her head , kissed his feet , and anointed them with the ointment .
he who is too impoverished for such an offering chooses a tree that will not rot . he seeks a skillful workman to set up an engraved image for him that will not be moved .
whoever transgresses and does n't remain in the teaching of christ , does n't have god . he who remains in the teaching , the same has both the father and the son .
jephthah vowed a vow to yahweh , and said , if you will indeed deliver the children of ammon into my hand ,
shout for joy to yahweh , all you lands !
and say , what was your mother ? a lioness : she couched among lions , in the midst of the young lions she nourished her cubs .
and after the earthquake a fire ; but yahweh was not in the fire : and after the fire a still small voice .
you will know that i am in the midst of israel , and that i am yahweh , your god , and there is no one else ; and my people will never again be disappointed .
yahweh , why do you reject my soul ? why do you hide your face from me ?
i myself will fight against you with an outstretched hand and with a strong arm , even in anger , and in wrath , and in great indignation .
therefore jesus perceived that they wanted to ask him , and he said to them , do you inquire among yourselves concerning this , that i said , a little while , and you wo n't see me , and again a little while , and you will see me ? '
save yourself , and come down from the cross !
servants , obey in all things those who are your masters according to the flesh , not just when they are looking , as men pleasers , but in singleness of heart , fearing god .
then zebah and zalmunna said , rise you , and fall on us ; for as the man is , so is his strength . gideon arose , and killed zebah and zalmunna , and took the crescents that were on their camels ' necks .
he said , amos , what do you see ? i said , a basket of summer fruit . then yahweh said to me , the end has come on my people israel . i will not again pass by them any more .
moses returned to yahweh , and said , lord , why have you brought trouble on this people ? why is it that you have sent me ?
amaziah also said to amos , you seer , go , flee away into the land of judah , and there eat bread , and prophesy there :
he built an altar there , and called on the name of yahweh , and pitched his tent there . there isaac 's servants dug a well .
but the more they afflicted them , the more they multiplied and the more they spread out . they were grieved because of the children of israel .
these were heads of fathers ' houses of the levites , throughout their generations , chief men : these lived at jerusalem .
and four thousand were doorkeepers ; and four thousand praised yahweh with the instruments which i made , said david , for giving praise .
strong scales are his pride , shut up together with a close seal .
tell me , you whom my soul loves , where you graze your flock , where you rest them at noon ; for why should i be as one who is veiled beside the flocks of your companions ? lover
but the bull , and its skin , and its flesh , and its dung , he burned with fire outside the camp ; as yahweh commanded moses .
there is an evil which i have seen under the sun , the sort of error which proceeds from the ruler .
so i prophesied as i was commanded : and as i prophesied , there was a noise , and behold , an earthquake ; and the bones came together , bone to its bone .
then all the midianites and the amalekites and the children of the east assembled themselves together ; and they passed over , and encamped in the valley of jezreel .
he bowed the heavens also , and came down ; thick darkness was under his feet .
do you intend to reprove words , seeing that the speeches of one who is desperate are as wind ?
the little owl , the cormorant , the great owl ,
moses called bezalel and oholiab , and every wise - hearted man , in whose heart yahweh had put wisdom , even everyone whose heart stirred him up to come to the work to do it :
now the men observed diligently , and hurried to catch whether it were his mind ; and they said , your brother ben hadad . then he said , go you , bring him . then ben hadad came forth to him ; and he caused him to come up into the chariot .
the waters receded continually until the tenth month . in the tenth month , on the first day of the month , the tops of the mountains were seen .
whatever has no fins nor scales in the waters , that is an abomination to you .
moab shall be destroyed from being a people , because he has magnified himself against yahweh .
when they came to the nations , where they went , they profaned my holy name ; in that men said of them , these are the people of yahweh , and are gone forth out of his land .
yahweh will cause his glorious voice to be heard , and will show the descent of his arm , with the indignation of his anger , and the flame of a devouring fire , with a blast , tempest , and hailstones .
even to the next day after the seventh sabbath you shall number fifty days ; and you shall offer a new meal offering to yahweh .
then yahweh was jealous for his land , and had pity on his people .
yahweh will render to every man his righteousness and his faithfulness ; because yahweh delivered you into my hand today , and i would n't put forth my hand against yahweh 's anointed .
job speaks without knowledge , his words are without wisdom . '
those who shall be of you shall build the old waste places ; you shall raise up the foundations of many generations ; and you shall be called the repairer of the breach , the restorer of paths to dwell in .
for wisdom will enter into your heart . knowledge will be pleasant to your soul .
but it was so , that in the three and twentieth year of king jehoash the priests had not repaired the breaches of the house .
therefore said i , now will the philistines come down on me to gilgal , and i have n't entreated the favor of yahweh : i forced myself therefore , and offered the burnt offering .
he said to them , i am one hundred twenty years old this day ; i can no more go out and come in : and yahweh has said to me , you shall not go over this jordan .
behold , he snatches away ; who can hinder him ? who will ask him , what are you doing ? '
those who died by the plague were twenty - four thousand .
and their brothers , mighty men of valor , one hundred twenty - eight ; and their overseer was zabdiel , the son of haggedolim .
that they would desire mercies of the god of heaven concerning this secret ; that daniel and his companions should not perish with the rest of the wise men of babylon .
for this deed of the queen will come abroad to all women , to make their husbands contemptible in their eyes , when it shall be reported , the king ahasuerus commanded vashti the queen to be brought in before him , but she did n't come .
and the two kidneys , and the fat that is on them , which is by the loins , and the cover on the liver , with the kidneys , he shall take away .
the headdresses , the ankle chains , the sashes , the perfume bottles , the charms ,
remember his marvelous works that he has done , his wonders , and the judgments of his mouth ,
turn us again , yahweh god of armies . cause your face to shine , and we will be saved .
let us lie down in our shame , and let our confusion cover us ; for we have sinned against yahweh our god , we and our fathers , from our youth even to this day ; and we have not obeyed the voice of yahweh our god .
also the burnt offerings were in abundance , with the fat of the peace offerings , and with the drink offerings for every burnt offering . so the service of the house of yahweh was set in order .
now is the end on you , and i will send my anger on you , and will judge you according to your ways ; and i will bring on you all your abominations .
do n't snatch the word of truth out of my mouth , for i put my hope in your ordinances .
moreover those who had familiar spirits , and the wizards , and the teraphim , and the idols , and all the abominations that were seen in the land of judah and in jerusalem , did josiah put away , that he might confirm the words of the law which were written in the book that hilkiah the priest found in the house of yahweh .
then shall he who offers his offering offer to yahweh a meal offering of a tenth part of an ephah of fine flour mixed with the fourth part of a hin of oil :
and the priest shall examine him . behold , if there is a white rising in the skin , and it has turned the hair white , and there is raw flesh in the rising ,
all the people departed every man to his house : and david returned to bless his house .
with many other words he testified , and exhorted them , saying , save yourselves from this crooked generation !
the king of sodom said to abram , give me the people , and take the goods to yourself .
yes , he loved cursing , and it came to him . he did n't delight in blessing , and it was far from him .
they forsook the house of yahweh , the god of their fathers , and served the asherim and the idols : and wrath came on judah and jerusalem for this their guiltiness .
so she wrote letters in ahab 's name , and sealed them with his seal , and sent the letters to the elders and to the nobles who were in his city , and who lived with naboth .
how shall i come before yahweh , and bow myself before the exalted god ? shall i come before him with burnt offerings , with calves a year old ?
moses and aaron said to all the children of israel , at evening , then you shall know that yahweh has brought you out from the land of egypt ;
when i saw among the spoil a goodly babylonian mantle , and two hundred shekels of silver , and a wedge of gold of fifty shekels weight , then i coveted them , and took them ; and , behold , they are hid in the earth in the midst of my tent , and the silver under it .
for if we believe that jesus died and rose again , even so those who have fallen asleep in jesus will god bring with him .
that you abstain from things sacrificed to idols , from blood , from things strangled , and from sexual immorality , from which if you keep yourselves , it will be well with you . farewell .
the path of life leads upward for the wise , to keep him from going downward to sheol .
a false witness will perish , and a man who listens speaks to eternity .
to grant to us that we , being delivered out of the hand of our enemies , should serve him without fear ,
the king spoke and said , is not this great babylon , which i have built for the royal dwelling place , by the might of my power and for the glory of my majesty ?
they are like children who sit in the marketplace , and call one to another , saying , we piped to you , and you did n't dance . we mourned , and you did n't weep . '
i also will do this to you : i will appoint terror over you , even consumption and fever , that shall consume the eyes , and make the soul to pine away ; and you will sow your seed in vain , for your enemies will eat it .
for the redemption of the two hundred seventy - three of the firstborn of the children of israel , who exceed the number of the levites ,
then the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
then shall the trees of the wood sing for joy before yahweh ; for he comes to judge the earth .
who is left among you who saw this house in its former glory ? how do you see it now ? is n't it in your eyes as nothing ?
that you shall set apart to yahweh all that opens the womb , and every firstborn which you have that comes from an animal . the males shall be yahweh 's .
so shall my word be that goes forth out of my mouth : it shall not return to me void , but it shall accomplish that which i please , and it shall prosper in the thing whereto i sent it .
the grass withers , the flower fades , because yahweh 's breath blows on it . surely the people are like grass .
in the hill country , and in the lowland , and in the arabah , and in the slopes , and in the wilderness , and in the south ; the hittite , the amorite , and the canaanite , the perizzite , the hivite , and the jebusite :
yes , and you will be brought before governors and kings for my sake , for a testimony to them and to the nations .
he will lift up a banner to the nations from far , and he will whistle for them from the end of the earth . behold , they will come speedily and swiftly .
then contended i with the rulers , and said , why is the house of god forsaken ? i gathered them together , and set them in their place .
asa cried to yahweh his god , and said , yahweh , there is none besides you to help , between the mighty and him who has no strength : help us , yahweh our god ; for we rely on you , and in your name are we come against this multitude . yahweh , you are our god ; do n't let man prevail against you .
for you will eat the labor of your hands . you will be happy , and it will be well with you .
and sit on a stately bed , with a table prepared before it , whereupon you did set my incense and my oil .
you yourselves testify that i said , i am not the christ , ' but , i have been sent before him . '
the burnt offering that the prince shall offer to yahweh shall be on the sabbath day six lambs without blemish and a ram without blemish ;
for if a man with a gold ring , in fine clothing , comes into your synagogue , and a poor man in filthy clothing also comes in ;
he delivered them into the hands of his servants , every herd by itself , and said to his servants , pass over before me , and put a space between herd and herd .
they said therefore to him , what then do you do for a sign , that we may see , and believe you ? what work do you do ?
they went away in the boat to a desert place by themselves .
go quickly and tell his disciples , he has risen from the dead , and behold , he goes before you into galilee ; there you will see him . ' behold , i have told you .
pharisees came to him testing him , and asked him , is it lawful for a man to divorce his wife ?
wicked people earn deceitful wages , but one who sows righteousness reaps a sure reward .
for i have given you an example , that you also should do as i have done to you .
beware of the dogs , beware of the evil workers , beware of the false circumcision .
with a strong hand , and with an outstretched arm ; for his loving kindness endures forever :
their infants also will be dashed in pieces before their eyes . their houses will be ransacked , and their wives raped .
deliver me , yahweh , from my enemies . i flee to you to hide me .
come you near to me , hear you this ; from the beginning i have not spoken in secret ; from the time that it was , there am i : and now the lord yahweh has sent me , and his spirit .
a scoffer seeks wisdom , and does n't find it , but knowledge comes easily to a discerning person .
but be you glad and rejoice forever in that which i create ; for , behold , i create jerusalem a rejoicing , and her people a joy .
a certain servant girl saw him as he sat in the light , and looking intently at him , said , this man also was with him .
blessed be the god and father of our lord jesus christ , who according to his great mercy became our father again to a living hope through the resurrection of jesus christ from the dead ,
amid which certain jews from asia found me purified in the temple , not with a mob , nor with turmoil .
yahweh spoke with you face to face on the mountain out of the midst of the fire ,
when men strive together one with another , and the wife of the one draws near to deliver her husband out of the hand of him who strikes him , and puts forth her hand , and takes him by the secrets ;
tell us therefore , what do you think ? is it lawful to pay taxes to caesar , or not ?
the priests did n't say , where is yahweh ? and those who handle the law did n't know me : the rulers also transgressed against me , and the prophets prophesied by baal , and walked after things that do not profit .
but god came to abimelech in a dream of the night , and said to him , behold , you are a dead man , because of the woman whom you have taken . for she is a man 's wife .
he took his staff in his hand , and chose him five smooth stones out of the brook , and put them in the shepherd 's bag which he had , even in his wallet ; and his sling was in his hand : and he drew near to the philistine .
and said to the judges , consider what you do : for you do n't judge for man , but for yahweh ; and he is with you in the judgment .
the speech pleased the lord , that solomon had asked this thing .
a worthless man devises mischief . his speech is like a scorching fire .
and he who invited both of you would come and tell you , make room for this person . ' then you would begin , with shame , to take the lowest place .
because for the sake of the name they went out , taking nothing from the gentiles .
how do we hear , everyone in our own native language ?
you will have joy and gladness ; and many will rejoice at his birth .
it is even right for me to think this way on behalf of all of you , because i have you in my heart , because , both in my bonds and in the defense and confirmation of the good news , you all are partakers with me of grace .
which things indeed appear like wisdom in self - imposed worship , and humility , and severity to the body ; but are n't of any value against the indulgence of the flesh .
i will make people more rare than fine gold , even a person than the pure gold of ophir .
but in those days , after that oppression , the sun will be darkened , the moon will not give its light ,
in whom the god of this world has blinded the minds of the unbelieving , that the light of the good news of the glory of christ , who is the image of god , should not dawn on them .
therefore saul sent messengers to jesse , and said , send me david your son , who is with the sheep .
rebekah took the good clothes of esau , her elder son , which were with her in the house , and put them on jacob , her younger son .
they have sown wheat , and have reaped thorns ; they have put themselves to pain , and profit nothing : and you shall be ashamed of your fruits , because of the fierce anger of yahweh .
he will be like a wild donkey among men . his hand will be against every man , and every man 's hand against him . he will live opposite all of his brothers .
but peter , standing up with the eleven , lifted up his voice , and spoke out to them , you men of judea , and all you who dwell at jerusalem , let this be known to you , and listen to my words .
for the thing which i fear comes on me , that which i am afraid of comes to me .
give thanks to the lord of lords ; for his loving kindness endures forever :
( let me be weighed in an even balance , that god may know my integrity ) ;
and brought his head on a platter , and gave it to the young lady ; and the young lady gave it to her mother .
behold , the days come , that all that is in your house , and that which your fathers have laid up in store to this day , shall be carried to babylon : nothing shall be left , says yahweh .
we dreamed a dream in one night , i and he . we dreamed each man according to the interpretation of his dream .
every meal offering of a priest shall be wholly burned . it shall not be eaten .
and brought out israel from among them ; for his loving kindness endures forever ;
for solomon went after ashtoreth the goddess of the sidonians , and after milcom the abomination of the ammonites .
therefore my heart sounds for moab like pipes , and my heart sounds like pipes for the men of kir heres : therefore the abundance that he has gotten is perished .
he said to her , daughter , cheer up . your faith has made you well . go in peace .
there was a gate to the inner court toward the south : and he measured from gate to gate toward the south a hundred cubits .
the sons of the singers gathered themselves together , both out of the plain round about jerusalem , and from the villages of the netophathites ;
i will strengthen the arms of the king of babylon , and put my sword in his hand : but i will break the arms of pharaoh , and he shall groan before him with the groanings of a deadly wounded man .
the king shall mourn , and the prince shall be clothed with desolation , and the hands of the people of the land shall be troubled : i will do to them after their way , and according to their own judgments will i judge them ; and they shall know that i am yahweh .
yahweh spoke suddenly to moses , and to aaron , and to miriam , come out you three to the tent of meeting . they three came out .
i will seek that which was lost , and will bring back that which was driven away , and will bind up that which was broken , and will strengthen that which was sick : but the fat and the strong i will destroy ; i will feed them in justice .
again he departed from the borders of tyre and sidon , and came to the sea of galilee , through the midst of the region of decapolis .
he gathered together the priests and the levites , and said to them , go out to the cities of judah , and gather of all israel money to repair the house of your god from year to year ; and see that you hasten the matter . however the levites did n't hurry .
it shall happen in that day that a man shall keep alive a young cow , and two sheep ;
and he said to him , thus says jephthah : israel did n't take away the land of moab , nor the land of the children of ammon ,
the servant said , lord , it is done as you commanded , and there is still room . '
now solomon purposed to build a house for the name of yahweh , and a house for his kingdom .
gave his offering : one silver platter , the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels , one silver bowl of seventy shekels , after the shekel of the sanctuary ; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering ;
every animal , every creeping thing , and every bird , whatever moves on the earth , after their families , went forth out of the ark .
but shun foolish questionings , genealogies , strife , and disputes about the law ; for they are unprofitable and vain .
they have set up kings , but not by me . they have made princes , and i did n't approve . of their silver and their gold they have made themselves idols , that they may be cut off .
to bind their kings with chains , and their nobles with fetters of iron ;
the crowns shall be to helem , and to tobijah , and to jedaiah , and to hen the son of zephaniah , for a memorial in the temple of yahweh .
therefore i will weep with the weeping of jazer for the vine of sibmah . i will water you with my tears , heshbon , and elealeh : for on your summer fruits and on your harvest the battle shout has fallen .
and will cast them into the furnace of fire . there will be weeping and the gnashing of teeth .
woe to you , you who are full now ! for you will be hungry . woe to you who laugh now ! for you will mourn and weep .
it is changed as clay under the seal , and stands forth as a garment .
thus shall my anger be accomplished , and i will cause my wrath toward them to rest , and i shall be comforted ; and they shall know that i , yahweh , have spoken in my zeal , when i have accomplished my wrath on them .
yes , they sacrificed their sons and their daughters to demons .
i went up by revelation , and i laid before them the good news which i preach among the gentiles , but privately before those who were respected , for fear that i might be running , or had run , in vain .
for there are also many unruly men , vain talkers and deceivers , especially those of the circumcision ,
now in the things which we are saying , the main point is this . we have such a high priest , who sat down on the right hand of the throne of the majesty in the heavens ,
arise , get you to zarephath , which belongs to sidon , and dwell there : behold , i have commanded a widow there to sustain you .
the angel of yahweh appeared to him in a flame of fire out of the midst of a bush . he looked , and behold , the bush burned with fire , and the bush was not consumed .
on the twenty - fourth day of the eleventh month , which is the month shebat , in the second year of darius , the word of yahweh came to zechariah the son of berechiah , the son of iddo , the prophet , saying ,
therefore let us keep the feast , not with old yeast , neither with the yeast of malice and wickedness , but with the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth .
but jehoiada grew old and was full of days , and he died ; one hundred thirty years old was he when he died .
the kingdom and the dominion , and the greatness of the kingdoms under the whole sky , shall be given to the people of the saints of the most high : his kingdom is an everlasting kingdom , and all dominions shall serve and obey him .
for entangled like thorns , and drunken as with their drink , they are consumed utterly like dry stubble .
then he told the man , stretch out your hand . he stretched it out ; and it was restored whole , just like the other .
in the thickness of the wall of the court toward the east , before the separate place , and before the building , there were chambers .
she lived under the palm tree of deborah between ramah and bethel in the hill country of ephraim : and the children of israel came up to her for judgment .
out of the tribe of issachar , kishion with its suburbs , daberath with its suburbs ,
the captain of the guard took jeremiah , and said to him , yahweh your god pronounced this evil on this place ;
this is the word that i covenanted with you when you came out of egypt , and my spirit lived among you . do n't be afraid . '
as clouds and wind without rain , so is he who boasts of gifts deceptively .
their camels , four hundred thirty - five ; their donkeys , six thousand seven hundred and twenty .
the first creature was like a lion , and the second creature like a calf , and the third creature had a face like a man , and the fourth was like a flying eagle .
they sacrifice on the tops of the mountains , and burn incense on the hills , under oaks and poplars and terebinths , because its shade is good . therefore your daughters play the prostitute , and your brides commit adultery .
now jesus stood before the governor : and the governor asked him , saying , are you the king of the jews ? jesus said to him , so you say .
lament , mourn , and weep . let your laughter be turned to mourning , and your joy to gloom .
all who sat in the council , fastening their eyes on him , saw his face like it was the face of an angel .
concerning the prophets . my heart within me is broken , all my bones shake ; i am like a drunken man , and like a man whom wine has overcome , because of yahweh , and because of his holy words .
it shall be , when the officers have made an end of speaking to the people , that they shall appoint captains of armies at the head of the people .
make a joyful shout to god , all the earth !
heshbon cries out with elealeh . their voice is heard even to jahaz . therefore the armed men of moab cry aloud . their souls tremble within them .
but he passed away , and behold , he was not . yes , i sought him , but he could not be found .
if i say , i will forget my complaint , i will put off my sad face , and cheer up ; '
they brought up the ark of yahweh , and the tent of meeting , and all the holy vessels that were in the tent ; even these did the priests and the levites bring up .
take the sum of all the congregation of the children of israel , from twenty years old and upward , by their fathers ' houses , all who are able to go forth to war in israel .
as you would like people to do to you , do exactly so to them .
if evil come on us , the sword , judgment , or pestilence , or famine , we will stand before this house , and before you , ( for your name is in this house ) , and cry to you in our affliction , and you will hear and save .
then hear from heaven , even from your dwelling place , and do according to all that the foreigner calls to you for ; that all the peoples of the earth may know your name , and fear you , as does your people israel , and that they may know that this house which i have built is called by your name .
none is so fierce that he dare stir him up . who then is he who can stand before me ?
they therefore departed from the presence of the council , rejoicing that they were counted worthy to suffer dishonor for jesus ' name .
moses spoke to yahweh , saying ,
no , in all these things , we are more than conquerors through him who loved us .
he was very thirsty , and called on yahweh , and said , you have given this great deliverance by the hand of your servant ; and now shall i die for thirst , and fall into the hand of the uncircumcised .
of the levites , ahijah was over the treasures of the house of god , and over the treasures of the dedicated things .
the woman conceived , and bore a son . when she saw that he was a fine child , she hid him three months .
however , the most high does n't dwell in temples made with hands , as the prophet says ,
aaron took as moses spoke , and ran into the midst of the assembly ; and behold , the plague was begun among the people : and he put on the incense , and made atonement for the people .
namely , bezer in the wilderness , in the plain country , for the reubenites ; and ramoth in gilead , for the gadites ; and golan in bashan , for the manassites .
for the fortified city is solitary , a habitation deserted and forsaken , like the wilderness . the calf will feed there , and there he will lie down , and consume its branches .
all the people , even the men of war who were with him , went up , and drew near , and came before the city , and encamped on the north side of ai : now there was a valley between him and ai .
it shall be , when you are come in to the land which yahweh your god gives you for an inheritance , and possess it , and dwell therein ,
neither does one jostle another ; they march everyone in his path , and they burst through the defenses , and do n't break ranks .
behold , a prophet came near to ahab king of israel , and said , thus says yahweh , have you seen all this great multitude ? behold , i will deliver it into your hand this day ; and you shall know that i am yahweh .
because you are glad , because you rejoice , o you who plunder my heritage , because you are wanton as a heifer that treads out the grain , and neigh as strong horses ;
do n't be deceived . god is not mocked , for whatever a man sows , that he will also reap .
you shall take no ransom for him who is fled to his city of refuge , that he may come again to dwell in the land , until the death of the priest .
confuse them , lord , and confound their language , for i have seen violence and strife in the city .
for by your words you will be justified , and by your words you will be condemned .
but let the righteous be glad . let them rejoice before god . yes , let them rejoice with gladness .
he said to them , take heed what you hear . with whatever measure you measure , it will be measured to you , and more will be given to you who hear .
i will stretch over jerusalem the line of samaria , and the plummet of the house of ahab ; and i will wipe jerusalem as a man wipes a dish , wiping it and turning it upside down .
elisha said to her , what shall i do for you ? tell me ; what have you in the house ? she said , your handmaid has nothing in the house , except a pot of oil .
you also once walked in those , when you lived in them ;
there are also celestial bodies , and terrestrial bodies ; but the glory of the celestial differs from that of the terrestrial .
nevertheless my eye spared them , and i did n't destroy them , neither did i make a full end of them in the wilderness .
the border went down to the brook of kanah , southward of the brook : these cities belonged to ephraim among the cities of manasseh : and the border of manasseh was on the north side of the brook , and the goings out of it were at the sea :
for without cause they have hidden their net in a pit for me . without cause they have dug a pit for my soul .
woe to you , scribes and pharisees , hypocrites ! for you travel around by sea and land to make one proselyte ; and when he becomes one , you make him twice as much of a son of gehenna as yourselves .
in the eighth month , in the second year of darius , the word of yahweh came to zechariah the son of berechiah , the son of iddo , the prophet , saying ,
they pour out arrogant words . all the evil - doers boast .
yet i destroyed the amorite before them , whose height was like the height of the cedars , and he was strong as the oaks ; yet i destroyed his fruit from above , and his roots from beneath .
the children of the captivity did so . ezra the priest , with certain heads of fathers ' houses , after their fathers ' houses , and all of them by their names , were set apart ; and they sat down in the first day of the tenth month to examine the matter .
that i may make the voice of thanksgiving to be heard , and tell of all your wondrous works .
serve yahweh with gladness . come before his presence with singing .
therefore love the foreigner ; for you were foreigners in the land of egypt .
but they said , we will drink no wine ; for jonadab the son of rechab , our father , commanded us , saying , you shall drink no wine , neither you , nor your sons , forever :
but he , because he lives forever , has his priesthood unchangeable .
they divide my garments among them . they cast lots for my clothing .
being made free from sin , you became bondservants of righteousness .
for i testify about him , that he has great zeal for you , and for those in laodicea , and for those in hierapolis .
do n't deliver the soul of your dove to wild beasts . do n't forget the life of your poor forever .
as for man , his days are like grass . as a flower of the field , so he flourishes .
he made the lampstand of pure gold . he made the lampstand of beaten work . its base , its shaft , its cups , its buds , and its flowers were of one piece with it .
by reason of the multitude of oppressions they cry out ; they cry for help by reason of the arm of the mighty .
yahweh answered the angel who talked with me with kind and comforting words .
therefore , behold , i will cause them to know , this once will i cause them to know my hand and my might ; and they shall know that my name is yahweh .
but he said to her , you speak as one of the foolish women would speak . what ? shall we receive good at the hand of god , and shall we not receive evil ? in all this job did n't sin with his lips .
it is given to be furbished , that it may be handled : the sword , it is sharpened , yes , it is furbished , to give it into the hand of the killer .
he said , peaceably ; i am come to sacrifice to yahweh : sanctify yourselves , and come with me to the sacrifice . he sanctified jesse and his sons , and called them to the sacrifice .
give , and it will be given to you : good measure , pressed down , shaken together , and running over , will be given to you . for with the same measure you measure it will be measured back to you .
yahweh , i know that the way of man is not in himself : it is not in man who walks to direct his steps .
those who were numbered of them , of the tribe of benjamin , were thirty - five thousand four hundred .
now therefore when i come to your servant my father , and the boy is not with us ; seeing that his life is bound up in the boy 's life ;
a continual dropping on a rainy day and a contentious wife are alike :
and the sash of fine twined linen , and blue , and purple , and scarlet , the work of the embroiderer , as yahweh commanded moses .
he placed the breastplate on him ; and in the breastplate he put the urim and the thummim .
and the fourth row , a chrysolite , an onyx , and a jasper . they were enclosed in gold settings .
his disciples went out , and came into the city , and found things as he had said to them , and they prepared the passover .
they said to you that in the last time there will be mockers , walking after their own ungodly lusts .
he lifted up his eyes , and saw the wayfaring man in the street of the city ; and the old man said , where go you ? and whence come you ?
yahweh , do n't grant the desires of the wicked . do n't let their evil plans succeed , or they will become proud . selah .
the time drew near that israel must die , and he called his son joseph , and said to him , if now i have found favor in your sight , please put your hand under my thigh , and deal kindly and truly with me . please do n't bury me in egypt ,
adonijah feared because of solomon ; and he arose , and went , and caught hold on the horns of the altar .
jesus therefore answered , it is he to whom i will give this piece of bread when i have dipped it . so when he had dipped the piece of bread , he gave it to judas , the son of simon iscariot .
but that you also may know my affairs , how i am doing , tychicus , the beloved brother and faithful servant in the lord , will make known to you all things ;
then they asked him , tell us , please , for whose cause this evil is on us . what is your occupation ? where do you come from ? what is your country ? of what people are you ?
for him who knew no sin he made to be sin on our behalf ; so that in him we might become the righteousness of god .
now i will tell you what i will do to my vineyard . i will take away its hedge , and it will be eaten up . i will break down its wall of it , and it will be trampled down .
when this comes to pass , ( behold , it comes ) , then shall they know that a prophet has been among them .
his bones are full of his youth , but youth shall lie down with him in the dust .
thus were they divided impartially by drawing lots ; for there were princes of the sanctuary , and princes of god , both of the sons of eleazar , and of the sons of ithamar .
then saul said to jonathan , tell me what you have done . jonathan told him , and said , i did certainly taste a little honey with the end of the rod that was in my hand ; and behold , i must die .
this is love , that we should walk according to his commandments . this is the commandment , even as you heard from the beginning , that you should walk in it .
i brought your fathers out of egypt : and you came to the sea ; and the egyptians pursued after your fathers with chariots and with horsemen to the red sea .
he made the poles of acacia wood , and overlaid them with brass .
but mixed themselves with the nations , and learned their works .
stephen , full of faith and power , performed great wonders and signs among the people .
behold , men brought a paralyzed man on a cot , and they sought to bring him in to lay before jesus .
the princes of moab rose up , and they went to balak , and said , balaam refuses to come with us .
then jesus came with them to a place called gethsemane , and said to his disciples , sit here , while i go there and pray .
thus says yahweh , the god of israel , thus shall you tell the king of judah , who sent you to me to inquire of me : behold , pharaoh 's army , which is come forth to help you , shall return to egypt into their own land .
to titus , my true child according to a common faith : grace , mercy , and peace from god the father and the lord jesus christ our savior .
but afterward i will bring back the captivity of the children of ammon , says yahweh .
you were in eden , the garden of god ; every precious stone adorned you : ruby , topaz , emerald , chrysolite , onyx , jasper , sapphire , turquoise , and beryl . gold work of tambourines and of pipes was in you . in the day that you were created they were prepared .
moses entered into the midst of the cloud , and went up on the mountain ; and moses was on the mountain forty days and forty nights .
by this everyone will know that you are my disciples , if you have love for one another .
there will be no night , and they need no lamp light ; for the lord god will illuminate them . they will reign forever and ever .
and the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour for a meal offering , mixed with the fourth part of a hin of beaten oil .
asshur is there and all her company ; her graves are round about her ; all of them slain , fallen by the sword ;
thus says yahweh against all my evil neighbors , who touch the inheritance which i have caused my people israel to inherit : behold , i will pluck them up from off their land , and will pluck up the house of judah from among them .
the princes were angry with jeremiah , and struck him , and put him in prison in the house of jonathan the scribe ; for they had made that the prison .
he will judge the world in righteousness . he will administer judgment to the peoples in uprightness .
my bread also which i gave you , fine flour , and oil , and honey , with which i fed you , you did even set it before them for a sweet savor ; and thus it was , says the lord yahweh .
his master said to him , we wo n't turn aside into the city of a foreigner , that is not of the children of israel ; but we will pass over to gibeah .
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old shall you number them , everyone who enters on the service , to do the work of the tent of meeting .
the angel thrust his sickle into the earth , and gathered the vintage of the earth , and threw it into the great winepress of the wrath of god .
if any of your outcasts are in the uttermost parts of the heavens , from there will yahweh your god gather you , and from there he will bring you back :
at what instant i shall speak concerning a nation , and concerning a kingdom , to build and to plant it ;
if the household is worthy , let your peace come on it , but if it is n't worthy , let your peace return to you .
he said , watch out that you do n't get led astray , for many will come in my name , saying , i am , ' and , the time is at hand . ' therefore do n't follow them .
it happened after this , that the children of moab , and the children of ammon , and with them some of the ammonites , came against jehoshaphat to battle .
he said to him , bring me a heifer three years old , a female goat three years old , a ram three years old , a turtledove , and a young pigeon .
they reasoned with one another , saying , it 's because we have no bread .
he who sins is of the devil , for the devil has been sinning from the beginning . to this end the son of god was revealed , that he might destroy the works of the devil .
you shall strike every fortified city , and every choice city , and shall fell every good tree , and stop all springs of water , and mar every good piece of land with stones .
in the greatness of your excellency , you overthrow those who rise up against you : you send forth your wrath . it consumes them as stubble .
they have turned aside quickly out of the way which i commanded them . they have made themselves a molten calf , and have worshiped it , and have sacrificed to it , and said , these are your gods , israel , which brought you up out of the land of egypt . '
god is our refuge and strength , a very present help in trouble .
there is salvation in none other , for neither is there any other name under heaven , that is given among men , by which we must be saved !
the lamp of the body is the eye . therefore when your eye is good , your whole body is also full of light ; but when it is evil , your body also is full of darkness .
those who fled stand without strength under the shadow of heshbon ; for a fire is gone forth out of heshbon , and a flame from the midst of sihon , and has devoured the corner of moab , and the crown of the head of the tumultuous ones .
it happened , when i , even i daniel , had seen the vision , that i sought to understand it ; and behold , there stood before me as the appearance of a man .
but above all things , my brothers , do n't swear , neither by heaven , nor by the earth , nor by any other oath ; but let your yes be yes , and your no , no ; so that you do n't fall into hypocrisy .
they shall know that i am yahweh their god , in that i caused them to go into captivity among the nations , and have gathered them to their own land ; and i will leave none of them any more there ;
but do n't be far off , yahweh . you are my help : hurry to help me .
it happened in the morning that his spirit was troubled , and he sent and called for all of egypt 's magicians and wise men . pharaoh told them his dreams , but there was no one who could interpret them to pharaoh .
simon peter answered him , lord , to whom would we go ? you have the words of eternal life .
see if there is any wicked way in me , and lead me in the everlasting way .
the voice of my beloved ! behold , he comes , leaping on the mountains , skipping on the hills .
it happened in the eleventh year , in the first month , in the seventh day of the month , that the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
a noise shall come even to the end of the earth ; for yahweh has a controversy with the nations ; he will enter into judgment with all flesh : as for the wicked , he will give them to the sword , says yahweh .
he had also seven sons and three daughters .
seeing that many boast after the flesh , i will also boast .
now hannah , she spoke in her heart ; only her lips moved , but her voice was not heard : therefore eli thought she had been drunken .
do n't stand in the crossroads to cut off those of his who escape . do n't deliver up those of his who remain in the day of distress .
the children also of his servants shall inherit it . those who love his name shall dwell therein .
all the cities of the families of the rest of the children of kohath were ten with their suburbs .
can a man be profitable to god ? surely he who is wise is profitable to himself .
it happened , when rachel had borne joseph , that jacob said to laban , send me away , that i may go to my own place , and to my country .
and to carry the silver and gold , which the king and his counselors have freely offered to the god of israel , whose habitation is in jerusalem ,
teaching them to observe all things that i commanded you . behold , i am with you always , even to the end of the age . amen .
he told her all his heart , and said to her , no razor has ever come on my head ; for i have been a nazirite to god from my mother 's womb . if i am shaved , then my strength will go from me , and i will become weak , and be like any other man .
he who overcomes will be arrayed in white garments , and i will in no way blot his name out of the book of life , and i will confess his name before my father , and before his angels .
all the brothers greet you . greet one another with a holy kiss .
israel said , why did you treat me so badly , telling the man that you had another brother ?
you shall break them with a rod of iron . you shall dash them in pieces like a potter 's vessel .
if i ascend up into heaven , you are there . if i make my bed in sheol , behold , you are there !
a voice was heard in ramah , lamentation , weeping and great mourning , rachel weeping for her children ; she would n't be comforted , because they are no more .
his brothers saw that their father loved him more than all his brothers , and they hated him , and could n't speak peaceably to him .
then ahimelech answered the king , and said , who among all your servants is so faithful as david , who is the king 's son - in - law , and is taken into your council , and is honorable in your house ?
does he who plows to sow plow continually ? does he keep turning the soil and breaking the clods ?
david also took ahinoam of jezreel ; and they became both of them his wives .
moses led the people out of the camp to meet god ; and they stood at the lower part of the mountain .
he shall kill it on the north side of the altar before yahweh . aaron 's sons , the priests , shall sprinkle its blood around on the altar .
his daughter was sheerah , who built beth horon the lower and the upper , and uzzen sheerah .
paul , a prisoner of christ jesus , and timothy our brother , to philemon , our beloved fellow worker ,
you have plowed wickedness . you have reaped iniquity . you have eaten the fruit of lies , for you trusted in your way , in the multitude of your mighty men .
then moses and aaron fell on their faces before all the assembly of the congregation of the children of israel .
why do the nations rage , and the peoples plot a vain thing ?
for you know that even when he afterward desired to inherit the blessing , he was rejected , for he found no place for a change of mind though he sought it diligently with tears .
the burden of tyre . howl , you ships of tarshish ! for it is laid waste , so that there is no house , no entering in . from the land of kittim it is revealed to them .
the jews therefore said , will he kill himself , that he says , where i am going , you ca n't come ? '
and with you will i break in pieces the shepherd and his flock ; and with you will i break in pieces the farmer and his yoke of oxen ; and with you will i break in pieces governors and deputies .
and i will bring you into the wilderness of the peoples , and there will i enter into judgment with you face to face .
the high priest said , are these things so ?
for the lord had made the army of the syrians to hear a noise of chariots , and a noise of horses , even the noise of a great army : and they said one to another , behold , the king of israel has hired against us the kings of the hittites , and the kings of the egyptians , to come on us .
his division , and those who were numbered of them , were fifty - nine thousand three hundred .
suddenly there was a great earthquake , so that the foundations of the prison were shaken ; and immediately all the doors were opened , and everyone 's bonds were loosened .
the seven priests bearing the seven trumpets of rams ' horns before the ark of yahweh went on continually , and blew the trumpets : and the armed men went before them ; and the rearward came after the ark of yahweh , the priests blowing the trumpets as they went .
for most assuredly , i tell you , until heaven and earth pass away , not even one smallest letter or one tiny pen stroke shall in any way pass away from the law , until all things are accomplished .
the king of egypt said to them , why do you , moses and aaron , take the people from their work ? get back to your burdens !
it had been revealed to him by the holy spirit that he should not see death before he had seen the lord 's christ .
fathers , do n't provoke your children , so that they wo n't be discouraged .
and you shall offer for the drink offering half a hin of wine , for an offering made by fire , of a sweet savor to yahweh .
for , behold , they have gone away from destruction . egypt will gather them up . memphis will bury them . nettles will possess their pleasant things of silver . thorns will be in their tents .
i am indeed a jew , born in tarsus of cilicia , but brought up in this city at the feet of gamaliel , instructed according to the strict manner of the law of our fathers , being zealous for god , even as you all are this day .
it happened that when jesus had finished directing his twelve disciples , he departed from there to teach and preach in their cities .
a certain centurion 's servant , who was dear to him , was sick and at the point of death .
yahweh said to moses , tell aaron , take your rod , and stretch out your hand over the waters of egypt , over their rivers , over their streams , and over their pools , and over all their ponds of water , that they may become blood ; and there shall be blood throughout all the land of egypt , both in vessels of wood and in vessels of stone . '
david said to all his servants who were with him at jerusalem , arise , and let us flee ; for else none of us shall escape from absalom : make speed to depart , lest he overtake us quickly , and bring down evil on us , and strike the city with the edge of the sword .
be it known therefore to you , that the salvation of god is sent to the nations . they will also listen .
woe to you , land , when your king is a child , and your princes eat in the morning !
he fell on his face at jesus ' feet , giving him thanks ; and he was a samaritan .
your lips are like scarlet thread . your mouth is lovely . your temples are like a piece of a pomegranate behind your veil .
is it at your command that the eagle mounts up , and makes his nest on high ?
you fathers , do n't provoke your children to wrath , but nurture them in the discipline and instruction of the lord .
after this thing jeroboam did n't return from his evil way , but made again from among all the people priests of the high places : whoever would , he consecrated him , that there might be priests of the high places .
then i will establish the throne of your kingdom , according as i covenanted with david your father , saying , there shall not fail you a man to be ruler in israel .
do n't eat the food of him who has a stingy eye , and do n't crave his delicacies :
all flying insects that walk on all fours are an abomination to you .
isaiah said , take a cake of figs . they took and laid it on the boil , and he recovered .
he said to them , it is n't for you to know times or seasons which the father has set within his own authority .
until yahweh give rest to your brothers , as to you , and they also possess the land which yahweh your god gives them beyond the jordan : then shall you return every man to his possession , which i have given you .
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
for whoever shall keep the whole law , and yet stumble in one point , he has become guilty of all .
circumcision is nothing , and uncircumcision is nothing , but the keeping of the commandments of god .
then answered they and said before the king , that daniel , who is of the children of the captivity of judah , does n't regard you , o king , nor the interdict that you have signed , but makes his petition three times a day .
to him who made the great lights ; for his loving kindness endures forever :
this is the history of the generations of noah . noah was a righteous man , blameless among the people of his time . noah walked with god .
she spoke to him according to these words , saying , the hebrew servant , whom you have brought to us , came in to me to mock me ,
in those days , while mordecai was sitting in the king 's gate , two of the king 's chamberlains , bigthan and teresh , of those who kept the threshold , were angry , and sought to lay hands on the king ahasuerus .
pharaoh said , behold , the people of the land are now many , and you make them rest from their burdens .
he also drove out the nations before them , allotted them for an inheritance by line , and made the tribes of israel to dwell in their tents .
the grace of our lord jesus christ be with your spirit . amen .
yahweh said to moses , when you go back into egypt , see that you do before pharaoh all the wonders which i have put in your hand , but i will harden his heart and he will not let the people go .
her nobles were purer than snow , they were whiter than milk ; they were more ruddy in body than rubies , their polishing was as of sapphire .
concerning jehoiakim king of judah you shall say , thus says yahweh : you have burned this scroll , saying , why have you written therein , saying , the king of babylon shall certainly come and destroy this land , and shall cause to cease from there man and animal ?
yahweh said to joshua , get you up ; why are you thus fallen on your face ?
in that hour the disciples came to jesus , saying , who then is greatest in the kingdom of heaven ?
for your arrows have pierced me , your hand presses hard on me .
he went with him , and a great multitude followed him , and they pressed upon him on all sides .
he overlaid also the house , the beams , the thresholds , and the walls of it , and the doors of it , with gold ; and engraved cherubim on the walls .
for thus says yahweh , behold , i will sling out the inhabitants of the land at this time , and will distress them , that they may feel it .
that your days may be multiplied , and the days of your children , in the land which yahweh swore to your fathers to give them , as the days of the heavens above the earth .
rehoboam went to shechem ; for all israel were come to shechem to make him king .
go you , inquire of yahweh for me , and for the people , and for all judah , concerning the words of this book that is found ; for great is the wrath of yahweh that is kindled against us , because our fathers have not listened to the words of this book , to do according to all that which is written concerning us .
how he entered into the house of god when abiathar was high priest , and ate the show bread , which it is not lawful to eat except for the priests , and gave also to those who were with him ?
and their meal offering , fine flour mixed with oil , three tenth parts for every bull of the thirteen bulls , two tenth parts for each ram of the two rams ,
demetrius has the testimony of all , and of the truth itself ; yes , we also testify , and you know that our testimony is true .
if now you have understanding , hear this . listen to the voice of my words .
let my tongue sing of your word , for all your commandments are righteousness .
he said , do n't lay your hand on the boy , neither do anything to him . for now i know that you fear god , seeing you have not withheld your son , your only son , from me .
preaching boldly in the name of the lord . he spoke and disputed against the hellenists , but they were seeking to kill him .
and i will clothe him with your robe , and strengthen him with your belt . i will commit your government into his hand ; and he will be a father to the inhabitants of jerusalem , and to the house of judah .
and they entered into the boat , and were going over the sea to capernaum . it was now dark , and jesus had not come to them .
their father said to them , which way did he go ? now his sons had seen which way the man of god went , who came from judah .
behold , i come quickly . blessed is he who keeps the words of the prophecy of this book .
moses turned , and went down from the mountain , with the two tablets of the testimony in his hand ; tablets that were written on both their sides ; on the one side and on the other they were written .
great is yahweh , and greatly to be praised ! his greatness is unsearchable .
my dwelling is removed , and is carried away from me like a shepherd 's tent . i have rolled up , like a weaver , my life . he will cut me off from the loom . from day even to night you will make an end of me .
jesus said to him , you shall love the lord your god with all your heart , and with all your soul , and with all your mind . '
azariah the priest went in after him , and with him eighty priests of yahweh , who were valiant men :
saul said , cast lots between me and jonathan my son . jonathan was taken .
remove your scourge away from me . i am overcome by the blow of your hand .
there the centurion found a ship of alexandria sailing for italy , and he put us on board .
the children of israel shall pitch their tents , every man by his own camp , and every man by his own standard , according to their divisions .
therefore the children of israel do n't eat the sinew of the hip , which is on the hollow of the thigh , to this day , because he touched the hollow of jacob 's thigh in the sinew of the hip .
then hezekiah commanded to prepare chambers in the house of yahweh ; and they prepared them .
saying , what do you think of the christ ? whose son is he ? they said to him , of david .
i have therefore my boasting in christ jesus in things pertaining to god .
those who were numbered of them , of the tribe of naphtali , were fifty - three thousand four hundred .
so my heavenly father will also do to you , if you do n't each forgive your brother from your hearts for his misdeeds .
the waters receded from the earth continually . after the end of one hundred fifty days the waters decreased .
then justice will dwell in the wilderness ; and righteousness will remain in the fruitful field .
knowing that the putting off of my tent comes swiftly , even as our lord jesus christ made clear to me .
the king answered , i know of a certainty that you would gain time , because you see the thing is gone from me .
how the christ must suffer , and how , by the resurrection of the dead , he would be first to proclaim light both to these people and to the gentiles .
but you , brothers , do n't be weary in doing well .
the egyptians pursued after them : all the horses and chariots of pharaoh , his horsemen , and his army ; and overtook them encamping by the sea , beside pihahiroth , before baal zephon .
in the twenty - fourth day of the month , in the sixth month , in the second year of darius the king .
and they shall bring the glory and the honor of the nations into it so that they may enter .
know this for sure , that no sexually immoral person , nor unclean person , nor covetous man , who is an idolater , has any inheritance in the kingdom of christ and god .
nor can they prove to you the things of which they now accuse me .
for thus says the lord yahweh : i will bring up a company against them , and will give them to be tossed back and forth and robbed .
he took him into the field of zophim , to the top of pisgah , and built seven altars , and offered up a bull and a ram on every altar .
so you also have some who hold to the teaching of the nicolaitans likewise .
moses commanded the children of israel according to the word of yahweh , saying , the tribe of the sons of joseph speaks right .
whoever robs his father or his mother , and says , it 's not wrong . he is a partner with a destroyer .
therefore we said , let us now prepare to build us an altar , not for burnt offering , nor for sacrifice :
salvation belongs to yahweh . your blessing be on your people . selah .
and saying , if you are the king of the jews , save yourself !
when i came to you , brothers , i did n't come with excellence of speech or of wisdom , proclaiming to you the testimony of god .
she hurried , and emptied her pitcher into the trough , and ran again to the well to draw , and drew for all his camels .
moses wrote their goings out according to their journeys by the commandment of yahweh : and these are their journeys according to their goings out .
when you go , your steps will not be hampered . when you run , you will not stumble .
i will put forth my hand and strike egypt with all my wonders which i will do in the midst of it , and after that he will let you go .
the captain of the guard took seraiah the chief priest , and zephaniah the second priest , and the three keepers of the threshold :
another angel came out from the temple , crying with a loud voice to him who sat on the cloud , send forth your sickle , and reap ; for the hour to reap has come ; for the harvest of the earth is ripe !
beside the gates , at the entry of the city , at the entry doors , she cries aloud :
in that time , a present will be brought to yahweh of armies from a people tall and smooth , even from a people awesome from their beginning onward , a nation that measures out and treads down , whose land the rivers divide , to the place of the name of yahweh of armies , mount zion .
they shall go forth , and look on the dead bodies of the men who have transgressed against me : for their worm shall not die , neither shall their fire be quenched ; and they shall be an abhorring to all flesh .
be glad in yahweh , you righteous people ! give thanks to his holy name .
pay attention to him , and listen to his voice . do n't provoke him , for he will not pardon your disobedience , for my name is in him .
but let your yes ' be yes ' and your no ' be no . ' whatever is more than these is of the evil one .
for thus says yahweh : david shall never want a man to sit on the throne of the house of israel ;
but of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil , you shall not eat of it ; for in the day that you eat of it you will surely die .
but i will sing of your strength . yes , i will sing aloud of your loving kindness in the morning . for you have been my high tower , a refuge in the day of my distress .
you are wearied in the multitude of your counsels : let now the astrologers , the stargazers , the monthly prognosticators , stand up , and save you from the things that shall come on you .
he said , i saw all israel scattered on the mountains , as sheep that have no shepherd : and yahweh said , these have no master ; let them return every man to his house in peace .
you shall hang up the veil under the clasps , and shall bring the ark of the testimony in there within the veil : and the veil shall separate the holy place from the most holy for you .
one who winks his eyes to plot perversities , one who compresses his lips , is bent on evil .
korah assembled all the congregation against them to the door of the tent of meeting : and the glory of yahweh appeared to all the congregation .
the sea coast will be pastures , with cottages for shepherds and folds for flocks .
joshua the son of nun was full of the spirit of wisdom ; for moses had laid his hands on him : and the children of israel listened to him , and did as yahweh commanded moses .
god has spoken once , twice i have heard this , that power belongs to god .
therefore turn to your god . keep kindness and justice , and wait continually for your god .
for their rock is not as our rock , even our enemies themselves being judges .
judah said to israel , his father , send the boy with me , and we 'll get up and go , so that we may live , and not die , both we , and you , and also our little ones .
they brought horses for solomon out of egypt , and out of all lands .
for david did n't ascend into the heavens , but he says himself , the lord said to my lord , sit by my right hand ,
to timothy , my beloved child : grace , mercy , and peace , from god the father and christ jesus our lord .
now in return , i speak as to my children , you also be open wide .
shall they not teach you , tell you , and utter words out of their heart ?
i heard one speaking to me out of the house ; and a man stood by me .
many waters ca n't quench love , neither can floods drown it . if a man would give all the wealth of his house for love , he would be utterly scorned . friends
one young bull , one ram , one male lamb a year old , for a burnt offering ;
vindicate me , yahweh my god , according to your righteousness ; do n't let them gloat over me .
under their hand was an army , three hundred thousand and seven thousand and five hundred , who made war with mighty power , to help the king against the enemy .
but it happened , when nebuchadnezzar king of babylon came up into the land , that we said , come , and let us go to jerusalem for fear of the army of the chaldeans , and for fear of the army of the syrians ; so we dwell at jerusalem .
i know your works , oppression , and your poverty ( but you are rich ) , and the blasphemy of those who say they are jews , and they are not , but are a synagogue of satan .
cursed be he who does n't confirm the words of this law to do them . all the people shall say , amen .
when the children of ammon saw that they were become odious to david , the children of ammon sent and hired the syrians of beth rehob , and the syrians of zobah , twenty thousand footmen , and the king of maacah with one thousand men , and the men of tob twelve thousand men .
son of man , because tyre has said against jerusalem , aha , she is broken : the gate of the peoples ; she is turned to me ; i shall be replenished , now that she is laid waste :
he offered for his offering : one silver platter , the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels , one silver bowl of seventy shekels , after the shekel of the sanctuary ; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering ;
praise yahweh , jerusalem ! praise your god , zion !
but woe to those who are with child and to those who nurse babies in those days !
like a fluttering sparrow , like a darting swallow , so the undeserved curse does n't come to rest .
he who is truthful testifies honestly , but a false witness lies .
my skin grows black and peels from me . my bones are burned with heat .
for whoever finds me , finds life , and will obtain favor from yahweh .
over the king 's treasures was azmaveth the son of adiel : and over the treasures in the fields , in the cities , and in the villages , and in the towers , was jonathan the son of uzziah :
all the people went to gilgal ; and there they made saul king before yahweh in gilgal ; and there they offered sacrifices of peace offerings before yahweh ; and there saul and all the men of israel rejoiced greatly .
have n't you poured me out like milk , and curdled me like cheese ?
for it was of yahweh to harden their hearts , to come against israel in battle , that he might utterly destroy them , that they might have no favor , but that he might destroy them , as yahweh commanded moses .
but you said , no , for we will flee on horses ; therefore you will flee ; and , we will ride on the swift ; therefore those who pursue you will be swift .
yahweh , your hand is lifted up , yet they do n't see ; but they will see your zeal for the people , and be disappointed . yes , fire will consume your adversaries .
unleavened bread , unleavened cakes mixed with oil , and unleavened wafers anointed with oil : you shall make them of fine wheat flour .
even as jannes and jambres opposed moses , so do these also oppose the truth ; men corrupted in mind , reprobate concerning the faith .
for ships of kittim shall come against him ; therefore he shall be grieved , and shall return , and have indignation against the holy covenant , and shall do his pleasure : he shall even return , and have regard to those who forsake the holy covenant .
but you will go to your fathers in peace . you will be buried in a good old age .
out of the spoil won in battles did they dedicate to repair the house of yahweh .
he called for lights and sprang in , and , fell down trembling before paul and silas ,
the fifth angel sounded , and i saw a star from the sky which had fallen to the earth . the key to the pit of the abyss was given to him .
so david rose up early , he and his men , to depart in the morning , to return into the land of the philistines . the philistines went up to jezreel .
a great sign was seen in heaven : a woman clothed with the sun , and the moon under her feet , and on her head a crown of twelve stars .
that you may eat and drink at my table in my kingdom . you will sit on thrones , judging the twelve tribes of israel .
the earthen vessel , which he who has the discharge touches , shall be broken ; and every vessel of wood shall be rinsed in water .
command you the people , saying , you are to pass through the border of your brothers the children of esau , who dwell in seir ; and they will be afraid of you : take good heed to yourselves therefore ;
for i know my transgressions . my sin is constantly before me .
thus says yahweh , the god of israel , behold , i will turn back the weapons of war that are in your hands , with which you fight against the king of babylon , and against the chaldeans who besiege you , without the walls ; and i will gather them into the midst of this city .
hear my prayer , yahweh ! let my cry come to you .
so pursue them with your tempest , and terrify them with your storm .
he said these things , and after that , he said to them , our friend , lazarus , has fallen asleep , but i am going so that i may awake him out of sleep .
then men shall say , because they forsook the covenant of yahweh , the god of their fathers , which he made with them when he brought them forth out of the land of egypt ,
now therefore do n't hold him guiltless , for you are a wise man ; and you will know what you ought to do to him , and you shall bring his gray head down to sheol with blood .
the sons of gad lived over against them , in the land of bashan to salecah :
but jonathan did n't hear when his father charged the people with the oath : therefore he put forth the end of the rod who was in his hand , and dipped it in the honeycomb , and put his hand to his mouth ; and his eyes were enlightened .
if then god gave to them the same gift as us , when we believed in the lord jesus christ , who was i , that i could withstand god ?
you were dead through your trespasses and the uncircumcision of your flesh . he made you alive together with him , having forgiven us all our trespasses ,
you shall fall by the sword ; i will judge you in the border of israel ; and you shall know that i am yahweh .
love is patient and is kind ; love does n't envy . love does n't brag , is not proud ,
you shall teach them the statutes and the laws , and shall show them the way in which they must walk , and the work that they must do .
when the mourning was past , david sent and took her home to his house , and she became his wife , and bore him a son . but the thing that david had done displeased yahweh .
the messenger said to david , the men prevailed against us , and came out to us into the field , and we were on them even to the entrance of the gate .
for the earth bears fruit : first the blade , then the ear , then the full grain in the ear .
they were willing therefore to receive him into the boat . immediately the boat was at the land where they were going .
but i tell you that elijah has come , and they have also done to him whatever they wanted to , even as it is written about him .
hushai said moreover , you know your father and his men , that they are mighty men , and they are fierce in their minds , as a bear robbed of her cubs in the field ; and your father is a man of war , and will not lodge with the people .
your father made our yoke grievous : now therefore make you the grievous service of your father , and his heavy yoke which he put on us , lighter , and we will serve you .
neither with you only do i make this covenant and this oath ,
but he answered them , when it is evening , you say , it will be fair weather , for the sky is red . '
thus were the travels of the children of israel according to their armies ; and they set forward .
do n't neglect the gift that is in you , which was given to you by prophecy , with the laying on of the hands of the elders .
in time of security shall he come even on the fattest places of the province ; and he shall do that which his fathers have not done , nor his fathers ' fathers ; he shall scatter among them prey , and spoil , and substance : yes , he shall devise his devices against the strongholds , even for a time .
moses answered them , wait , that i may hear what yahweh will command concerning you .
jeroboam said to his wife , please get up and disguise yourself , that you not be known to be the wife of jeroboam ; and get you to shiloh : behold , there is ahijah the prophet , who spoke concerning me that i should be king over this people .
and desiring to be fed with the crumbs that fell from the rich man 's table . yes , even the dogs came and licked his sores .
azariah the chief priest , of the house of zadok , answered him and said , since the people began to bring the offerings into the house of yahweh , we have eaten and had enough , and have left plenty : for yahweh has blessed his people ; and that which is left is this great store .
that i may give wealth to those who love me . i fill their treasuries .
how then would the scriptures be fulfilled that it must be so ?
they are all plain to him who understands , right to those who find knowledge .
now therefore , if it seem good to the king , let there be search made in the king 's treasure house , which is there at babylon , whether it be so , that a decree was made of cyrus the king to build this house of god at jerusalem ; and let the king send his pleasure to us concerning this matter .
if we say that we have no sin , we deceive ourselves , and the truth is not in us .
the sun will not harm you by day , nor the moon by night .
the mountains quake before him , and the hills melt away . the earth trembles at his presence , yes , the world , and all who dwell in it .
why should you be beaten more , that you revolt more and more ? the whole head is sick , and the whole heart faint .
you shall eat , but not be satisfied . your humiliation will be in your midst . you will store up , but not save ; and that which you save i will give up to the sword .
yahweh has commanded concerning you : no more descendants will bear your name . out of the house of your gods , will i cut off the engraved image and the molten image . i will make your grave , for you are vile .
he brought in the priests and the levites , and gathered them together into the broad place on the east ,
as yahweh commanded moses , so he numbered them in the wilderness of sinai .
let the stars of the twilight of it be dark . let it look for light , but have none , neither let it see the eyelids of the morning ,
it shall happen in the latter days , that the mountain of yahweh 's house shall be established on the top of the mountains , and shall be raised above the hills ; and all nations shall flow to it .
let every wise - hearted man among you come , and make all that yahweh has commanded :
do you open your eyes on such a one , and bring me into judgment with you ?
and you shall keep it until the fourteenth day of the same month ; and the whole assembly of the congregation of israel shall kill it at evening .
yahweh saw that leah was hated , and he opened her womb , but rachel was barren .
if you walk contrary to me , and wo n't listen to me , then i will bring seven times more plagues on you according to your sins .
we 'll find all valuable wealth . we 'll fill our houses with spoil .
and because you are children , god sent out the spirit of his son into your hearts , crying , abba , father !
a wild donkey used to the wilderness , that snuffs up the wind in her desire ; in her occasion who can turn her away ? all those who seek her will not weary themselves ; in her month they shall find her .
it was told him by some saying , your mother and your brothers stand outside , desiring to see you .
the king 's favor is toward a servant who deals wisely , but his wrath is toward one who causes shame .
the father of circumcision to those who not only are of the circumcision , but who also walk in the steps of that faith of our father abraham , which he had in uncircumcision .
his servants conspired against him , and put him to death in his own house .
my enemies reproach me all day . those who are mad at me use my name as a curse .
because of your indignation and your wrath , for you have taken me up , and thrown me away .
only you shall not eat the blood ; you shall pour it out on the earth as water .
believe me that i am in the father , and the father in me ; or else believe me for the very works ' sake .
he who sent me is with me . the father has n't left me alone , for i always do the things that are pleasing to him .
observe that which i command you this day . behold , i drive out before you the amorite , the canaanite , the hittite , the perizzite , the hivite , and the jebusite .
he who loves father or mother more than me is not worthy of me ; and he who loves son or daughter more than me is n't worthy of me .
let us make , please , a little chamber on the wall ; and let us set for him there a bed , and a table , and a seat , and a lamp stand : and it shall be , when he comes to us , that he shall turn in there .
the sons of the prophets who were at bethel came forth to elisha , and said to him , do you know that yahweh will take away your master from your head today ? he said , yes , i know it ; hold your peace .
it is better that you should not vow , than that you should vow and not pay .
then answered david and said to ahimelech the hittite , and to abishai the son of zeruiah , brother to joab , saying , who will go down with me to saul to the camp ? abishai said , i will go down with you .
but i worked for my name 's sake , that it should not be profaned in the sight of the nations , in whose sight i brought them out .
will you show partiality to him ? will you contend for god ?
do n't be deceived , my beloved brothers .
for the mind of the flesh is death , but the mind of the spirit is life and peace ;
on that day yahweh magnified joshua in the sight of all israel ; and they feared him , as they feared moses , all the days of his life .
slanderous men have been in you to shed blood ; and in you they have eaten on the mountains : in the midst of you they have committed lewdness .
when they were by jebus , the day was far spent ; and the servant said to his master , please come and let us turn aside into this city of the jebusites , and lodge in it .
in the fullness of his sufficiency , distress shall overtake him : the hand of everyone who is in misery shall come on him .
from there he went against the inhabitants of debir . ( now the name of debir before was kiriath sepher . )
he said to me , write , blessed are those who are invited to the marriage supper of the lamb . ' he said to me , these are true words of god .
this we will do to them , and let them live ; lest wrath be on us , because of the oath which we swore to them .
he went and joined himself to one of the citizens of that country , and he sent him into his fields to feed pigs .
others , mocking , said , they are filled with new wine .
i said to her , you shall stay with me many days . you shall not play the prostitute , and you shall not be with any other man . i will also be so toward you .
therefore he was obligated in all things to be made like his brothers , that he might become a merciful and faithful high priest in things pertaining to god , to make atonement for the sins of the people .
none of them can by any means redeem his brother , nor give god a ransom for him .
when it was day , he called his disciples , and from them he chose twelve , whom he also named apostles :
while they see for you false visions , while they divine lies to you , to lay you on the necks of the wicked who are deadly wounded , whose day is come in the time of the iniquity of the end .
with absalom went two hundred men out of jerusalem , who were invited , and went in their simplicity ; and they did n't know anything .
however he does n't mean so , neither does his heart think so ; but it is in his heart to destroy , and to cut off not a few nations .
house and riches are an inheritance from fathers , but a prudent wife is from yahweh .
now , israel , what does yahweh your god require of you , but to fear yahweh your god , to walk in all his ways , and to love him , and to serve yahweh your god with all your heart and with all your soul ,
if he brings a lamb as his offering for a sin offering , he shall bring a female without blemish .
he said , i have observed all these things from my youth up .
in the latter time of their kingdom , when the transgressors are come to the full , a king of fierce face , and understanding dark sentences , shall stand up .
they came to jerusalem with psalteries and harps and trumpets to the house of yahweh .
but now , brothers , if i come to you speaking with other languages , what would i profit you , unless i speak to you either by way of revelation , or of knowledge , or of prophesying , or of teaching ?
would your wealth sustain you in distress , or all the might of your strength ?
all the people who were in the city were called together to pursue after them : and they pursued after joshua , and were drawn away from the city .
jacob traveled to succoth , built himself a house , and made shelters for his livestock . therefore the name of the place is called succoth .
and said to them , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , to whom you sent me to present your supplication before him :
they said one to another , we are certainly guilty concerning our brother , in that we saw the distress of his soul , when he begged us , and we would n't listen . therefore this distress has come upon us .
when the jubilee of the children of israel shall be , then will their inheritance be added to the inheritance of the tribe whereunto they shall belong : so will their inheritance be taken away from the inheritance of the tribe of our fathers .
all the cities which you shall give to the levites shall be forty - eight cities ; them shall you give with their suburbs .
then came the word of yahweh to jeremiah , saying ,
neither is it beyond the sea , that you should say , who shall go over the sea for us , and bring it to us , and make us to hear it , that we may do it ?
he who observes the day , observes it to the lord ; and he who does not observe the day , to the lord he does not observe it . he who eats , eats to the lord , for he gives god thanks . he who does n't eat , to the lord he does n't eat , and gives god thanks .
if someone ventures to talk with you , will you be grieved ? but who can withhold himself from speaking ?
and the body of jezebel shall be as dung on the face of the field in the portion of jezreel , so that they shall not say , this is jezebel .
but the man who touches them must be armed with iron and the staff of a spear : they shall be utterly burned with fire in their place
my son , let them not depart from your eyes . keep sound wisdom and discretion :
for he does not afflict willingly , nor grieve the children of men .
to me , the very least of all saints , was this grace given , to preach to the gentiles the unsearchable riches of christ ,
accept , i beg you , the willing offerings of my mouth . yahweh , teach me your ordinances .
i make a decree , that in all the dominion of my kingdom men tremble and fear before the god of daniel ; for he is the living god , and steadfast forever , his kingdom that which shall not be destroyed ; and his dominion shall be even to the end .
when she had brought them near to him to eat , he took hold of her , and said to her , come , lie with me , my sister .
when he has made her drink the water , then it shall happen , if she is defiled , and has committed a trespass against her husband , that the water that causes the curse will enter into her and become bitter , and her body will swell , and her thigh will fall away : and the woman will be a curse among her people .
now there were with us seven brothers . the first married and died , and having no seed left his wife to his brother .
at the return of the year king nebuchadnezzar sent , and brought him to babylon , with the goodly vessels of the house of yahweh , and made zedekiah his brother king over judah and jerusalem .
the anger of yahweh shall not return , until he has executed , and until he have performed the intents of his heart : in the latter days you shall understand it perfectly .
most assuredly i tell you , whatever things you will bind on earth will be have been bound in heaven , and whatever things you will release on earth will have been released in heaven .
let the house of aaron now say that his loving kindness endures forever .
moses said to the judges of israel , kill you everyone his men who have joined themselves to baal peor .
he has put in his heart that he may teach , both he , and oholiab , the son of ahisamach , of the tribe of dan .
because of this , he must offer sacrifices for sins for the people , as well as for himself .
why did the knees receive me ? or why the breast , that i should suck ?
yes , while i was speaking in prayer , the man gabriel , whom i had seen in the vision at the beginning , being caused to fly swiftly , touched me about the time of the evening offering .
let brotherly love continue .
they shall no more sacrifice their sacrifices to the goat idols , after which they play the prostitute . this shall be a statute forever to them throughout their generations . '
who can bring a clean thing out of an unclean ? not one .
sorrowing most of all because of the word which he had spoken , that they should see his face no more . and they accompanied him to the ship .
his division , and those who were numbered of them , were seventy - four thousand six hundred .
he said to me , son of man , see you what they do ? even the great abominations that the house of israel do commit here , that i should go far off from my sanctuary ? but you shall again see yet other great abominations .
since the world began it has never been heard of that anyone opened the eyes of someone born blind .
moses said , consecrate yourselves today to yahweh , yes , every man against his son , and against his brother ; that he may bestow on you a blessing this day .
the watchman said , the morning comes , and also the night . if you will inquire , inquire . come back again .
the sun to rule by day ; for his loving kindness endures forever ;
in that day , says yahweh , there will be the noise of a cry from the fish gate , a wailing from the second quarter , and a great crashing from the hills .
i will open rivers on the bare heights , and springs in the midst of the valleys . i will make the wilderness a pool of water , and the dry land springs of water .
i will remember yah 's deeds ; for i will remember your wonders of old .
now therefore know and consider what you will do ; for evil is determined against our master , and against all his house : for he is such a worthless fellow that one ca n't speak to him .
so jehu the son of jehoshaphat the son of nimshi conspired against joram . ( now joram was keeping ramoth gilead , he and all israel , because of hazael king of syria ;
for the ways of man are before the eyes of yahweh . he examines all his paths .
nevertheless they did n't depart from the sins of the house of jeroboam , with which he made israel to sin , but walked therein : and there remained the asherah also in samaria . )
then came jeremiah from topheth , where yahweh had sent him to prophesy ; and he stood in the court of yahweh 's house , and said to all the people :
the children of benjamin did so , and took them wives , according to their number , of those who danced , whom they carried off : and they went and returned to their inheritance , and built the cities , and lived in them .
on the fourth day ten bulls , two rams , fourteen male lambs a year old without blemish ;
he said to them , lodge here this night , and i will bring you word again , as yahweh shall speak to me : and the princes of moab abode with balaam .
you shall not oppress a hired servant who is poor and needy , whether he be of your brothers , or of your foreigners who are in your land within your gates :
but he , turning around , and seeing his disciples , rebuked peter , and said , get behind me , satan ! for you have in mind not the things of god , but the things of men .
but we ourselves will be ready armed to go before the children of israel , until we have brought them to their place : and our little ones shall dwell in the fortified cities because of the inhabitants of the land .
judah said to his brothers , what profit is it if we kill our brother and conceal his blood ?
the jordan was the border of it on the east quarter . this was the inheritance of the children of benjamin , by the borders of it round about , according to their families .
for thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel : houses and fields and vineyards shall yet again be bought in this land .
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old , everyone who entered in to do the work of service , and the work of bearing burdens in the tent of meeting ,
by this was god 's love revealed in us , that god has sent his one and only son into the world that we might live through him .
and with you will i break in pieces the horse and his rider ;
he shall burn the garment , whether the warp or the woof , in wool or in linen , or anything of skin , in which the plague is : for it is a destructive mildew . it shall be burned in the fire .
and the cloth that had been on his head , not lying with the linen cloths , but rolled up in a place by itself .
but when he saw many of the pharisees and sadducees coming for his baptism , he said to them , you offspring of vipers , who warned you to flee from the wrath to come ?
he said to the disciples , the days will come , when you will desire to see one of the days of the son of man , and you will not see it .
it was a sabbath when jesus made the mud and opened his eyes .
yahweh , you have seen my wrong ; judge you my cause .
if a man lies with his uncle 's wife , he has uncovered his uncle 's nakedness : they shall bear their sin ; they shall die childless .
they grieved isaac 's and rebekah 's spirits .
now therefore , my lord , as yahweh lives , and as your soul lives , seeing yahweh has withheld you from blood guiltiness , and from avenging yourself with your own hand , now therefore let your enemies , and those who seek evil to my lord , be as nabal .
for you are the god of my strength . why have you rejected me ? why do i go mourning because of the oppression of the enemy ?
now the rest of the acts of ahab , and all that he did , and the ivory house which he built , and all the cities that he built , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of israel ?
they brought him to him , and when he saw him , immediately the spirit convulsed him , and he fell on the ground , wallowing and foaming at the mouth .
truth springs out of the earth . righteousness has looked down from heaven .
he sent among them swarms of flies , which devoured them ; and frogs , which destroyed them .
now there were four leprous men at the entrance of the gate : and they said one to another , why sit we here until we die ?
he said , come ! peter stepped down from the boat , and walked on the waters to come to jesus .
now he who made us for this very thing is god , who also gave to us the down payment of the spirit .
do n't give your strength to women , nor your ways to that which destroys kings .
see , yahweh ; for i am in distress ; my heart is troubled ; my heart is turned within me ; for i have grievously rebelled : abroad the sword bereaves , at home there is as death .
i will praise you , lord my god , with my whole heart . i will glorify your name forevermore .
the burden of babylon , which isaiah the son of amoz saw :
lest i strip her naked , and make her bare as in the day that she was born , and make her like a wilderness , and set her like a dry land , and kill her with thirst .
but he denied it before them all , saying , i do n't know what you are talking about .
foreigners will dwell in ashdod , and i will cut off the pride of the philistines .
the first went , and poured out his bowl into the earth , and it became a harmful and evil sore on the people who had the mark of the beast , and who worshiped his image .
he teaches my hands to war ; so that my arms bend a bow of bronze .
he shall bring the bull to the door of the tent of meeting before yahweh ; and he shall lay his hand on the head of the bull , and kill the bull before yahweh .
let me sing for my well beloved a song of my beloved about his vineyard . my beloved had a vineyard on a very fruitful hill .
and out of the city he took an officer who was set over the men of war ; and seven men of those who saw the king 's face , who were found in the city ; and the scribe of the captain of the army , who mustered the people of the land ; and sixty men of the people of the land , who were found in the midst of the city .
and will make an offering by fire to yahweh , a burnt offering , or a sacrifice , to accomplish a vow , or as a freewill offering , or in your set feasts , to make a sweet savor to yahweh , of the herd , or of the flock ;
in the same day both abraham and ishmael , his son , were circumcised .
now david went back and forth from saul to feed his father 's sheep at bethlehem .
now therefore , if you will indeed obey my voice , and keep my covenant , then you shall be my own possession from among all peoples ; for all the earth is mine ;
neither have we obeyed the voice of yahweh our god , to walk in his laws , which he set before us by his servants the prophets .
may the high praises of god be in their mouths , and a two - edged sword in their hand ;
saying , do n't touch my anointed ones , do my prophets no harm .
an honest answer is like a kiss on the lips .
great is yahweh , and greatly to be praised , in the city of our god , in his holy mountain .
there was a great famine in samaria : and behold , they besieged it , until a donkey 's head was sold for eighty pieces of silver , and the fourth part of a kab of dove 's dung for five pieces of silver .
so i will sing praise to your name forever , that i may fulfill my vows daily .
it will happen in that day , that living waters will go out from jerusalem ; half of them toward the eastern sea , and half of them toward the western sea ; in summer and in winter will it be .
if they be married to any of the sons of the other tribes of the children of israel , then will their inheritance be taken away from the inheritance of our fathers , and will be added to the inheritance of the tribe whereunto they shall belong : so will it be taken away from the lot of our inheritance .
a foolish son is the calamity of his father . a wife 's quarrels are a continual dripping .
there went out a champion out of the camp of the philistines , named goliath , of gath , whose height was six cubits and a span .
then i returned and saw all the oppressions that are done under the sun : and behold , the tears of those who were oppressed , and they had no comforter ; and on the side of their oppressors there was power ; but they had no comforter .
now it happened on the third day , that esther put on her royal clothing , and stood in the inner court of the king 's house , over against the king 's house : and the king sat on his royal throne in the royal house , over against the entrance of the house .
he took agag the king of the amalekites alive , and utterly destroyed all the people with the edge of the sword .
they baked unleavened cakes of the dough which they brought forth out of egypt ; for it was n't leavened , because they were thrust out of egypt , and could n't wait , neither had they prepared for themselves any food .
so david prevailed over the philistine with a sling and with a stone , and struck the philistine , and killed him ; but there was no sword in the hand of david .
therefore i tell you , all things whatever you pray and ask for , believe that you have received them , and you shall have them .
you shall sell me food for money , that i may eat ; and give me water for money , that i may drink : only let me pass through on my feet ,
and jehoiakim the king sent men into egypt , namely , elnathan the son of achbor , and certain men with him , into egypt ;
so naomi returned , and ruth the moabitess , her daughter - in - law , with her , who returned out of the country of moab : and they came to bethlehem in the beginning of barley harvest .
having the same conflict which you saw in me , and now hear is in me .
be careful that you do n't do your charitable giving before men , to be seen by them , or else you have no reward from your father who is in heaven .
jacob did so , and fulfilled her week . he gave him rachel his daughter as wife .
lord , i beg you , let now your ear be attentive to the prayer of your servant , and to the prayer of your servants , who delight to fear your name ; and please prosper your servant this day , and grant him mercy in the sight of this man . now i was cup bearer to the king .
on the next day , he was determined to go out into galilee , and he found philip . jesus said to him , follow me .
jehoshaphat slept with his fathers , and was buried with his fathers in the city of david his father ; jehoram his son reigned in his place .
seeing that you seek a proof of christ who speaks in me ; who toward you is not weak , but is powerful in you .
abimelech fought against the city all that day ; and he took the city , and killed the people who were therein : and he beat down the city , and sowed it with salt .
it shall be on aaron 's forehead , and aaron shall bear the iniquity of the holy things , which the children of israel shall make holy in all their holy gifts ; and it shall be always on his forehead , that they may be accepted before yahweh .
and all their wealth . they took captive all their little ones and their wives , and took as plunder everything that was in the house .
i tell you that he will avenge them quickly . nevertheless , when the son of man comes , will he find faith on the earth ?
in their streets , they dress themselves in sackcloth . in their streets and on their housetops , everyone wails , weeping abundantly .
he works to the north , but i ca n't see him ; he turns south , but i ca n't catch a glimpse of him .
therefore the fathers shall eat the sons in the midst of you , and the sons shall eat their fathers ; and i will execute judgments on you ; and the whole remnant of you will i scatter to all the winds .
for whoever will be ashamed of me and of my words , of him will the son of man be ashamed , when he comes in his glory , and the glory of the father , and of the holy angels .
blessed is the nation whose god is yahweh , the people whom he has chosen for his own inheritance .
they cut their provender in the field . they glean the vineyard of the wicked .
but concerning the resurrection of the dead , have n't you read that which was spoken to you by god , saying ,
therefore they will carry away the abundance they have gotten , and that which they have stored up , over the brook of the willows .
that which the rest of the people gave was twenty thousand darics of gold , and two thousand minas of silver , and sixty - seven priests ' garments .
and we will take ten men of one hundred throughout all the tribes of israel , and one hundred of one thousand , and a thousand out of ten thousand , to get food for the people , that they may do , when they come to gibeah of benjamin , according to all the folly that they have worked in israel .
likewise when all the jews who were in moab , and among the children of ammon , and in edom , and who were in all the countries , heard that the king of babylon had left a remnant of judah , and that he had set over them gedaliah the son of ahikam , the son of shaphan ;
again , assuredly i tell you , that if two of you will agree on earth concerning anything that they will ask , it will be done for them by my father who is in heaven .
it happened in the month nisan , in the twentieth year of artaxerxes the king , when wine was before him , that i took up the wine , and gave it to the king . now i had not been before sad in his presence .
a perverse heart will be far from me . i will have nothing to do with evil .
you shall not uncover the nakedness of your father 's sister : she is your father 's near kinswoman .
he will say , cast up , cast up , prepare the way , take up the stumbling - block out of the way of my people .
he took food and was strengthened . saul stayed several days with the disciples who were at damascus .
but absalom pressed him , and he let amnon and all the king 's sons go with him .
then went abimelech to thebez , and encamped against thebez , and took it .
the skillfully woven band that was on it , with which to fasten it on , was of the same piece , like its work ; of gold , of blue , purple , scarlet , and fine twined linen ; as yahweh commanded moses .
all the saints greet you .
if it seem evil to you to serve yahweh , choose you this day whom you will serve ; whether the gods which your fathers served that were beyond the river , or the gods of the amorites , in whose land you dwell : but as for me and my house , we will serve yahweh .
a certain man saw it , and told joab , and said , behold , i saw absalom hanging in an oak .
for i speak to you who are gentiles . since then as i am an apostle to gentiles , i glorify my ministry ;
now at that time the king of babylon 's army was besieging jerusalem ; and jeremiah the prophet was shut up in the court of the guard , which was in the king of judah 's house .
for a multitude of the people , even many of ephraim and manasseh , issachar and zebulun , had not cleansed themselves , yet did they eat the passover otherwise than it is written . for hezekiah had prayed for them , saying , the good yahweh pardon everyone
like as a woman with child , who draws near the time of her delivery , is in pain and cries out in her pangs ; so we have been before you , yahweh .
for the son of man will come in the glory of his father with his angels , and then he will render to everyone according to his deeds .
abimelech chased him , and he fled before him , and there fell many wounded , even to the entrance of the gate .
when they were by the house of micah , they knew the voice of the young man the levite ; and they turned aside there , and said to him , who brought you here ? and what do you in this place ? and what have you here ?
then said david , will the men of keilah deliver up to me and my men into the hand of saul ? yahweh said , they will deliver you up .
jethro rejoiced for all the goodness which yahweh had done to israel , in that he had delivered them out of the hand of the egyptians .
therefore will i give their wives to others , and their fields to those who shall possess them : for everyone from the least even to the greatest is given to covetousness ; from the prophet even to the priest every one deals falsely .
thomas answered him , my lord and my god !
but in his own time revealed his word in the message with which i was entrusted according to the commandment of god our savior ;
then washed i you with water ; yes , i thoroughly washed away your blood from you , and i anointed you with oil .
the sluggard says , there is a lion outside ! i will be killed in the streets !
nebuchadnezzar king of babylon came to the city , while his servants were besieging it ;
in the second year of joash son of joahaz king of israel began amaziah the son of joash king of judah to reign .
they have made it a desolation ; it mourns to me , being desolate ; the whole land is made desolate , because no man lays it to heart .
the finely worked garmentsthe holy garments for aaron the priestthe garments of his sons to minister in the priest 's office ,
it happened , when they had eaten up the grain which they had brought out of egypt , their father said to them , go again , buy us a little more food .
behold , as your life was much set by this day in my eyes , so let my life be much set by in the eyes of yahweh , and let him deliver me out of all oppression .
see now that i , even i , am he , there is no god with me : i kill , and i make alive ; i wound , and i heal ; there is none who can deliver out of my hand .
but even in those days , says yahweh , i will not make a full end with you .
listen , islands , to me ; and listen , you peoples , from far : yahweh has called me from the womb ; from the bowels of my mother has he made mention of my name :
therefore i began to cause my heart to despair concerning all the labor in which i had labored under the sun .
in the thirty - eighth year of asa king of judah began ahab the son of omri to reign over israel : and ahab the son of omri reigned over israel in samaria twenty - two years .
through you , will we push down our adversaries . through your name , will we tread them under who rise up against us .
then that which was spoken through jeremiah the prophet was fulfilled , saying , they took the thirty pieces of silver , the price of him upon whom a price had been set , whom some of the children of israel priced ,
edom shall become an astonishment : everyone who passes by it shall be astonished , and shall hiss at all the plagues of it .
but thanks be to god , that , whereas you were bondservants of sin , you became obedient from the heart to that form of teaching whereunto you were delivered .
six years you shall sow your field , and six years you shall prune your vineyard , and gather in its fruits ;
it happened , while they were greatly perplexed about this , behold , two men stood by them in dazzling clothing .
he sent hadoram his son to king david , to greet him , and to bless him , because he had fought against hadarezer and struck him ; ( for hadarezer had wars with tou ;) and he had with him all manner of vessels of gold and silver and brass .
we said to my lord , the boy ca n't leave his father : for if he should leave his father , his father would die . '
do n't incline my heart to any evil thing , to practice deeds of wickedness with men who work iniquity . do n't let me eat of their delicacies .
bear one another 's burdens , and so fulfill the law of christ .
tell wisdom , you are my sister . call understanding your relative ,
simon peter went up , and drew the net to land , full of great fish , one hundred fifty - three ; and even though there were so many , the net was n't torn .
your silver and your gold is mine ; your wives also and your children , even the best , are mine .
for none of us lives to himself , and none dies to himself .
even those did cyrus king of persia bring forth by the hand of mithredath the treasurer , and numbered them to sheshbazzar , the prince of judah .
and you shall break down their altars , and dash in pieces their pillars , and burn their asherim with fire ; and you shall cut down the engraved images of their gods ; and you shall destroy their name out of that place .
and there were six steps to the throne , with a footstool of gold , which were fastened to the throne , and stays on either side by the place of the seat , and two lions standing beside the stays .
has he struck them as he struck those who struck them ? or are they killed like those who killed them were killed ?
but you , god , will bring them down into the pit of destruction . bloodthirsty and deceitful men shall not live out half their days , but i will trust in you .
nob , the city of the priests , struck he with the edge of the sword , both men and women , children and nursing babies , and oxen and donkeys and sheep , with the edge of the sword .
you say also , behold , what a weariness it is ! ' and you have sniffed at it , says yahweh of armies ; and you have brought that which was taken by violence , the lame , and the sick ; thus you bring the offering . should i accept this at your hand ? says yahweh .
then said jeremiah to them , thus shall you tell zedekiah :
he chooses our inheritance for us , the glory of jacob whom he loved . selah .
having been reminded of the unfeigned faith that is in you ; which lived first in your grandmother lois , and your mother eunice , and , i am persuaded , in you also .
you shall tell them , this is the nation that has not listened to the voice of yahweh their god , nor received instruction : truth is perished , and is cut off from their mouth .
wisdom rests in the heart of one who has understanding , and is even made known in the inward part of fools .
and he shall lay his hand on its head , and kill it before the tent of meeting ; and the sons of aaron shall sprinkle its blood on the altar round about .
the second took her as wife , and he died childless .
hide me from the conspiracy of the wicked , from the noisy crowd of the ones doing evil ;
who gave him a charge over the earth ? or who has appointed him over the whole world ?
they shall live , and to him shall be given of the gold of sheba . men shall pray for him continually . they shall bless him all day long .
who is this king of glory ? yahweh of armies , he is the king of glory . selah .
you have despised my holy things , and have profaned my sabbaths .
now you say , go , tell your lord , behold , elijah is here ; and he will kill me .
immediately he took soldiers and centurions , and ran down to them . they , when they saw the chief captain and the soldiers , stopped beating paul .
the poles shall be in the rings of the ark . they shall not be taken from it .
i will surely hide my face in that day for all the evil which they shall have worked , in that they are turned to other gods .
on an appointed day , herod dressed himself in royal clothing , sat on the throne , and gave a speech to them .
ezra the priest brought the law before the assembly , both men and women , and all who could hear with understanding , on the first day of the seventh month .
but when moses went in before yahweh to speak with him , he took the veil off , until he came out ; and he came out , and spoke to the children of israel that which he was commanded .
for your servants take pleasure in her stones , and have pity on her dust .
a fool shows his annoyance the same day , but one who overlooks an insult is prudent .
my soul has observed your testimonies . i love them exceedingly .
you returned and wept before yahweh ; but yahweh did n't listen to your voice , nor gave ear to you .
how much more will the blood of christ , who through the eternal spirit offered himself without blemish to god , cleanse your conscience from dead works to serve the living god ?
when they had mocked him , they took the robe off of him , and put his clothes on him , and led him away to crucify him .
behold , a king shall reign in righteousness , and princes shall rule in justice .
i turned to see the voice that spoke with me . having turned , i saw seven golden lampstands .
because they have forsaken me , and have burned incense to other gods , that they might provoke me to anger with all the works of their hands ; therefore is my wrath poured out on this place , and it shall not be quenched .
for he will deliver you from the snare of the fowler , and from the deadly pestilence .
nevertheless leave the stump of its roots in the earth , even with a band of iron and brass , in the tender grass of the field ; and let it be wet with the dew of the sky : and let his portion be with the animals in the grass of the earth :
in beatings , in imprisonments , in riots , in labors , in watchings , in fastings ;
as babylon has caused the slain of israel to fall , so at babylon shall fall the slain of all the land .
rehoboam went to shechem : for all israel were come to shechem to make him king .
wo n't the uncircumcision which is by nature , if it fulfills the law , judge you , who with the letter and circumcision are a transgressor of the law ?
isaiah said these things when he saw his glory , and spoke of him .
he brought them to the border of his sanctuary , to this mountain , which his right hand had taken .
he made the boards for the tent : twenty boards for the south side southward .
those who devise mischief in their hearts . they continually gather themselves together for war .
for the king 's word is supreme . who can say to him , what are you doing ?
the disciples told him , rabbi , the jews were just trying to stone you , and are you going there again ?
your adversaries have roared in the midst of your assembly . they have set up their standards as signs .
on this i awakened , and saw ; and my sleep was sweet to me .
like cold water to a thirsty soul , so is good news from a far country .
we know that god does n't listen to sinners , but if anyone is a worshipper of god , and does his will , he listens to him .
yet was she carried away . she went into captivity . her young children also were dashed in pieces at the head of all the streets , and they cast lots for her honorable men , and all her great men were bound in chains .
the taskmasters of the people went out , and their officers , and they spoke to the people , saying , this is what pharaoh says : i will not give you straw .
after him ibzan of bethlehem judged israel .
yahweh sent an angel , who cut off all the mighty men of valor , and the leaders and captains , in the camp of the king of assyria . so he returned with shame of face to his own land . when he was come into the house of his god , those who came forth from his own bowels killed him there with the sword .
as for me , in the first year of darius the mede , i stood up to confirm and strengthen him .
he shall dwell in that city , until he stand before the congregation for judgment , until the death of the high priest that shall be in those days : then shall the manslayer return , and come to his own city , and to his own house , to the city from whence he fled .
you shall not add to the word which i command you , neither shall you diminish from it , that you may keep the commandments of yahweh your god which i command you .
i will bless her , and moreover i will give you a son by her . yes , i will bless her , and she will be a mother of nations . kings of peoples will come from her .
even the dust from your city that clings to us , we wipe off against you . nevertheless know this , that the kingdom of god has come near to you . '
you shall see it , and your heart shall rejoice , and your bones shall flourish like the tender grass : and the hand of yahweh shall be known toward his servants ; and he will have indignation against his enemies .
moreover i will make you a desolation and a reproach among the nations that are round about you , in the sight of all that pass by .
one golden ladle of ten shekels , full of incense ;
however the high places were not taken away ; the people still sacrificed and burnt incense in the high places .
therefore thus says yahweh , who redeemed abraham , concerning the house of jacob : jacob shall no longer be ashamed , neither shall his face grow pale .
i speak by way of disparagement , as though we had been weak . yet however any is bold ( i speak in foolishness ) , i am bold also .
samuel took a sucking lamb , and offered it for a whole burnt offering to yahweh : and samuel cried to yahweh for israel ; and yahweh answered him .
of gold by weight for the vessels of gold , for all vessels of every kind of service ; of silver for all the vessels of silver by weight , for all vessels of every kind of service ;
i will betroth you to me forever . yes , i will betroth you to me in righteousness , in justice , in loving kindness , and in compassion .
ephraim surrounds me with falsehood , and the house of israel with deceit . judah still strays from god , and is unfaithful to the holy one .
therefore her young men shall fall in her streets , and all the men of war shall be brought to silence in that day , says yahweh of armies .
for we know that the whole creation groans and travails in pain together until now .
have mercy on me , yahweh , for i am faint . yahweh , heal me , for my bones are troubled .
if gilead is wicked , surely they are worthless . in gilgal they sacrifice bulls . indeed , their altars are like heaps in the furrows of the field .
but peter said to him , may your silver perish with you , because you thought you could obtain the gift of god with money !
now it was in the heart of david my father to build a house for the name of yahweh , the god of israel .
draw water for the siege . strengthen your fortresses . go into the clay , and tread the mortar . make the brick kiln strong .
they called to lot , and said to him , where are the men who came in to you this night ? bring them out to us , that we may have sex with them .
they asked him , tell us : by what authority do you do these things ? or who is giving you this authority ?
i am still confident of this : i will see the goodness of yahweh in the land of the living .
this thing became a sin ; for the people went to worship before the one , even to dan .
the doors of the side chambers were toward the place that was left , one door toward the north , and another door toward the south : and the breadth of the place that was left was five cubits round about .
the king of assyria carried israel away to assyria , and put them in halah , and on the habor , the river of gozan , and in the cities of the medes ,
i thank my god whenever i remember you ,
i have put my words in your mouth , and have covered you in the shadow of my hand , that i may plant the heavens , and lay the foundations of the earth , and tell zion , you are my people .
but to wear sandals , and not put on two tunics .
he took it into his hands , and went on , eating as he went ; and he came to his father and mother , and gave to them , and they ate : but he did n't tell them that he had taken the honey out of the body of the lion .
for you know the grace of our lord jesus christ , that , though he was rich , yet for your sakes he became poor , that you through his poverty might become rich .
as he was going out into the way , one ran to him , knelt before him , and asked him , good teacher , what shall i do that i may inherit eternal life ?
the young man who told him said , as i happened by chance on mount gilboa , behold , saul was leaning on his spear ; and behold , the chariots and the horsemen followed hard after him .
drought and heat consume the snow waters ; so does sheol those who have sinned .
bel bows down , nebo stoops ; their idols are on the animals , and on the livestock : the things that you carried about are made a load , a burden to the weary animal .
joseph said to them , what deed is this that you have done ? do n't you know that such a man as i can indeed divine ?
take the choice of the flock , and also a pile of wood for the bones under the caldron ; make it boil well ; yes , let the bones of it be boiled in the midst of it .
to the woman he said , i will greatly multiply your pain in childbirth . in pain you will bring forth children . your desire will be for your husband , and he will rule over you .
they shall build houses , and inhabit them ; and they shall plant vineyards , and eat the fruit of them .
he was there with yahweh forty days and forty nights ; he neither ate bread , nor drank water . he wrote on the tablets the words of the covenant , the ten commandments .
the day that you stood before yahweh your god in horeb , when yahweh said to me , assemble me the people , and i will make them hear my words , that they may learn to fear me all the days that they live on the earth , and that they may teach their children .
since it is a righteous thing with god to repay affliction to those who afflict you ,
yet , yahweh , you know all their counsel against me to kill me ; do n't forgive their iniquity , neither blot out their sin from your sight ; but let them be overthrown before you ; deal you with them in the time of your anger .
whose voice shook the earth , then , but now he has promised , saying , yet once more i will shake not only the earth , but also the heavens .
not of works , that no one would boast .
whom will he teach knowledge ? to whom will he explain the message ? those who are weaned from the milk , and drawn from the breasts ?
and resen between nineveh and calah ( the same is the great city ) .
is this thing done by my lord the king , and you have n't shown to your servants who should sit on the throne of my lord the king after him ?
therefore let him who speaks in another language pray that he may interpret .
it happened , as he came near jericho , a certain blind man sat by the road , begging .
thus says yahweh to this people , even so have they loved to wander ; they have not refrained their feet : therefore yahweh does not accept them ; now he will remember their iniquity , and visit their sins .
but when the chief priests and the scribes saw the wonderful things that he did , and the children who were crying in the temple and saying , hosanna to the son of david ! they were indignant ,
sarah , my master 's wife , bore a son to my master when she was old . he has given all that he has to him .
declare his glory among the nations , his marvelous works among all the peoples .
wisdom is before the face of one who has understanding , but the eyes of a fool wander to the ends of the earth .
now it happened in the days of ahasuerus ( this is ahasuerus who reigned from india even to ethiopia , over one hundred twenty - seven provinces ) ,
who confirms the word of his servant , and performs the counsel of his messengers ; who says of jerusalem , she shall be inhabited ; and of the cities of judah , they shall be built , and i will raise up the waste places of it ;
this is the cause why joshua did circumcise : all the people who came forth out of egypt , who were males , even all the men of war , died in the wilderness by the way , after they came forth out of egypt .
now therefore let your hands be strong , and be you valiant ; for saul your lord is dead , and also the house of judah have anointed me king over them .
the mouth of the righteous is a spring of life , but violence covers the mouth of the wicked .
the ones who had been sent were from the pharisees .
for whatever is born of god overcomes the world . this is the victory that has overcome the world : your faith .
the priest of jupiter , whose temple was in front of their city , brought oxen and garlands to the gates , and would have made a sacrifice along with the multitudes .
when his disciples , james and john , saw this , they said , lord , do you want us to command fire to come down from the sky , and destroy them , just as elijah did ?
he shall keep in order the lamps on the pure gold lampstand before yahweh continually .
does he thank that servant because he did the things that were commanded ? i think not .
who was faithful to him who appointed him , as also was moses in all his house .
philip opened his mouth , and beginning from this scripture , preached to him jesus .
you offspring of vipers , how can you , being evil , speak good things ? for out of the abundance of the heart , the mouth speaks .
always carrying in the body the putting to death of the lord jesus , that the life of jesus may also be revealed in our body .
yahweh , who shall dwell in your sanctuary ? who shall live on your holy hill ?
i was with you in weakness , in fear , and in much trembling .
saul and his men went to seek him . when david was told , he went down to the rock , and stayed in the wilderness of maon . when saul heard that , he pursued after david in the wilderness of maon .
all the congregation lifted up their voice , and cried ; and the people wept that night .
yahweh , what is man , that you care for him ? or the son of man , that you think of him ?
when he had come , immediately he came to him , and said , rabbi ! rabbi ! and kissed him .
in those days yahweh began to cut off from israel : and hazael struck them in all the borders of israel ;
those riches perish by misfortune , and if he has fathered a son , there is nothing in his hand .
three of the thirty chief men went down , and came to david in the harvest time to the cave of adullam ; and the troop of the philistines was encamped in the valley of rephaim .
yahweh is on my side . i will not be afraid . what can man do to me ?
another angel came out from the altar , he who has power over fire , and he called with a great voice to him who had the sharp sickle , saying , send forth your sharp sickle , and gather the clusters of the vine of the earth , for the earth 's grapes are fully ripe !
let the wicked forsake his way , and the unrighteous man his thoughts ; and let him return to yahweh , and he will have mercy on him ; and to our god , for he will abundantly pardon .
they traveled from before hahiroth , and passed through the midst of the sea into the wilderness : and they went three days ' journey in the wilderness of etham , and encamped in marah .
for i tell you that none of those men who were invited will taste of my supper . '
he said to them , the kings of the nations lord it over them , and those who have authority over them are called benefactors . '
then the angel of yahweh replied , o yahweh of armies , how long will you not have mercy on jerusalem and on the cities of judah , against which you have had indignation these seventy years ?
moses took them from their hands , and burned them on the altar on the burnt offering . they were a consecration for a sweet savor . it was an offering made by fire to yahweh .
jesus answered , i told you that i am . if therefore you seek me , let these go their way ,
but yahweh your god will deliver them up before you , and will confuse them with a great confusion , until they be destroyed .
how great are his signs ! and how mighty are his wonders ! his kingdom is an everlasting kingdom , and his dominion is from generation to generation .
dan will judge his people , as one of the tribes of israel .
may yahweh cut off all flattering lips , and the tongue that boasts ,
jephthah said to the elders of gilead , if you bring me home again to fight with the children of ammon , and yahweh deliver them before me , shall i be your head ?
even so you also outwardly appear righteous to men , but inwardly you are full of hypocrisy and iniquity .
he who eats my flesh and drinks my blood has eternal life , and i will raise him up at the last day .
for this cause the jews persecuted jesus , and sought to kill him , because he did these things on the sabbath .
for in vain is the net spread in the sight of any bird :
elisha said to him , go , tell him , you shall surely recover ; however yahweh has shown me that he shall surely die .
after that , the levites shall go in to do the service of the tent of meeting : and you shall cleanse them , and offer them as a wave offering .
you therefore who teach another , do n't you teach yourself ? you who preach that a man should n't steal , do you steal ?
when he saw jesus , he cried out , and fell down before him , and with a loud voice said , what do i have to do with you , jesus , you son of the most high god ? i beg you , do n't torment me !
over the division of the second month was dodai the ahohite , and his division ; and mikloth the ruler : and in his division were twenty - four thousand .
thirty - two years old was he when he began to reign , and he reigned in jerusalem eight years : and he departed without being desired ; and they buried him in the city of david , but not in the tombs of the kings .
ephron answered abraham , saying to him ,
they gave him sour wine to drink mixed with gall . when he had tasted it , he would not drink .
ascribe to yahweh , you families of nations , ascribe to yahweh glory and strength .
but exhort one another day by day , so long as it is called today ; lest any one of you be hardened by the deceitfulness of sin .
it shall have two shoulder straps joined to the two ends of it , that it may be joined together .
for everyone of the house of israel , or of the strangers who sojourn in israel , who separates himself from me , and takes his idols into his heart , and puts the stumbling block of his iniquity before his face , and comes to the prophet to inquire for himself of me ; i yahweh will answer him by myself :
moreover yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
she said to her father , let this thing be done for me : let me alone two months , that i may depart and go down on the mountains , and bewail my virginity , i and my companions .
brother will deliver up brother to death , and the father his child . children will rise up against parents , and cause them to be put to death .
notwithstanding , yahweh did n't turn from the fierceness of his great wrath , with which his anger was kindled against judah , because of all the provocation with which manasseh had provoked him .
and i will multiply men on you , all the house of israel , even all of it ; and the cities shall be inhabited , and the waste places shall be built ;
turn again , my daughters , go your way ; for i am too old to have a husband . if i should say , i have hope , if i should even have a husband tonight , and should also bear sons ;
so joseph bought all the land of egypt for pharaoh , for the egyptians sold every man his field , because the famine was severe on them , and the land became pharaoh 's .
joseph was thirty years old when he stood before pharaoh king of egypt . joseph went out from the presence of pharaoh , and went throughout all the land of egypt .
which yahweh commanded moses in mount sinai , in the day that he commanded the children of israel to offer their offerings to yahweh , in the wilderness of sinai .
i have come in my father 's name , and you do n't receive me . if another comes in his own name , you will receive him .
philip said to him , lord , show us the father , and that will be enough for us .
they also who dwell in far - away places are afraid at your wonders . you call the morning 's dawn and the evening with songs of joy .
nevertheless i must go on my way today and tomorrow and the next day , for it ca n't be that a prophet perish outside of jerusalem . '
from that time , jesus began to preach , and to say , repent ! for the kingdom of heaven is at hand .
when they had taken security from jason and the rest , they let them go .
go up to lebanon , and cry ; and lift up your voice in bashan , and cry from abarim ; for all your lovers are destroyed .
as for the pillars , the height of the one pillar was eighteen cubits ; and a line of twelve cubits did compass it ; and the thickness of it was four fingers : it was hollow .
they were offended by him . but jesus said to them , a prophet is not without honor , except in his own country , and in his own house .
as you did rejoice over the inheritance of the house of israel , because it was desolate , so will i do to you : you shall be desolate , mount seir , and all edom , even all of it ; and they shall know that i am yahweh .
they passed through pisidia , and came to pamphylia .
nicodemus said to him , how can a man be born when he is old ? can he enter a second time into his mother 's womb , and be born ?
for john said to herod , it is not lawful for you to have your brother 's wife .
who did not sin , neither was deceit found in his mouth .
so edom revolted from under the hand of judah to this day . then did libnah revolt at the same time .
yahweh has done to you , as he spoke by me : and yahweh has torn the kingdom out of your hand , and given it to your neighbor , even to david .
for i know that this will turn out to my salvation , through your supplication and the supply of the spirit of jesus christ ,
you have given him his heart 's desire , and have not withheld the request of his lips . selah .
that all may honor the son , even as they honor the father . he who does n't honor the son does n't honor the father who sent him .
i bought male servants and female servants , and had servants born in my house . i also had great possessions of herds and flocks , above all who were before me in jerusalem ;
now they began on the first day of the first month to sanctify , and on the eighth day of the month came they to the porch of yahweh ; and they sanctified the house of yahweh in eight days : and on the sixteenth day of the first month they made an end .
a man 's steps are from yahweh ; how then can man understand his way ?
yahweh builds up jerusalem . he gathers together the outcasts of israel .
for she did not know that i gave her the grain , the new wine , and the oil , and multiplied to her silver and gold , which they used for baal .
but you shall go to my country , and to my relatives , and take a wife for my son isaac .
she named him joseph , saying , may yahweh add another son to me .
he made the poles of acacia wood , and overlaid them with gold .
of naphtali one thousand captains , and with them with shield and spear thirty - seven thousand .
all this have i proved in wisdom . i said , i will be wise ; but it was far from me .
they traveled , and a terror of god was on the cities that were around them , and they did n't pursue the sons of jacob .
this is the amount of material used for the tent , even the tent of the testimony , as they were counted , according to the commandment of moses , for the service of the levites , by the hand of ithamar , the son of aaron the priest .
the young lady was very beautiful to look at , a virgin , neither had any man known her . she went down to the spring , filled her pitcher , and came up .
does the trumpet alarm sound in a city , without the people being afraid ? does evil happen to a city , and yahweh has n't done it ?
i saw thrones , and they sat on them , and judgment was given to them . i saw the souls of those who had been beheaded for the testimony of jesus , and for the word of god , and such as did n't worship the beast nor his image , and did n't receive the mark on their forehead and on their hand . they lived , and reigned with christ for the thousand years .
for it is a fire that consumes to destruction , and would root out all my increase .
with whoever of your servants it be found , let him die , and we also will be my lord 's bondservants .
i answered and spoke to the angel who talked with me , saying , what are these , my lord ?
for who has known the mind of the lord ? or who has been his counselor ?
saul 's uncle said , tell me , please , what samuel said to you .
the men of israel turned in the battle , and benjamin began to strike and kill of the men of israel about thirty persons ; for they said , surely they are struck down before us , as in the first battle .
out of the tribe of naphtali , kedesh in galilee with its suburbs , the city of refuge for the manslayer , and hammothdor with its suburbs , and kartan with its suburbs ; three cities .
samuel told all the words of yahweh to the people who asked of him a king .
yahweh , our lord , how majestic is your name in all the earth !
yet there is both straw and provender for our donkeys ; and there is bread and wine also for me , and for your handmaid , and for the young man who is with your servants : there is no want of anything .
most assuredly i tell you , unless a grain of wheat falls into the earth and dies , it remains by itself alone . but if it dies , it bears much fruit .
that in everything you were enriched in him , in all speech and all knowledge ;
this city shall be to me for a name of joy , for a praise and for a glory , before all the nations of the earth , which shall hear all the good that i do to them , and shall fear and tremble for all the good and for all the peace that i procure to it .
so ebedmelech took the men with him , and went into the house of the king under the treasury , and took there rags and worn - out garments , and let them down by cords into the dungeon to jeremiah .
because you have plundered many nations , all the remnant of the peoples will plunder you , because of men 's blood , and for the violence done to the land , to the city and to all who dwell in it .
they turned aside there , and came to the house of the young man the levite , even to the house of micah , and asked him of his welfare .
it happened , when he saw the ring , and the bracelets on his sister 's hands , and when he heard the words of rebekah his sister , saying , this is what the man said to me , that he came to the man . behold , he was standing by the camels at the spring .
they gather themselves together against the soul of the righteous , and condemn the innocent blood .
then his brother 's wife shall come to him in the presence of the elders , and loose his shoe from off his foot , and spit in his face ; and she shall answer and say , so shall it be done to the man who does not build up his brother 's house .
samuel said , as your sword has made women childless , so shall your mother be childless among women . samuel hewed agag in pieces before yahweh in gilgal .
but if he give of his inheritance a gift to one of his servants , it shall be his to the year of liberty ; then it shall return to the prince ; but as for his inheritance , it shall be for his sons .
in the top of the base was there a round compass half a cubit high ; and on the top of the base the stays of it and the panels of it were of the same .
for the mountains may depart , and the hills be removed ; but my loving kindness shall not depart from you , neither shall my covenant of peace be removed , says yahweh who has mercy on you .
the children of your chosen sister greet you . amen .
he lived in the wilderness of paran . his mother took a wife for him out of the land of egypt .
in the day when god will judge the secrets of men , according to my good news , by jesus christ .
yahweh god took the man , and put him into the garden of eden to dress it and to keep it .
like the dew of hermon , that comes down on the hills of zion : for there yahweh gives the blessing , even life forevermore .
the temple was filled with smoke from the glory of god , and from his power . no one was able to enter into the temple , until the seven plagues of the seven angels would be finished .
solomon made affinity with pharaoh king of egypt , and took pharaoh 's daughter , and brought her into the city of david , until he had made an end of building his own house , and the house of yahweh , and the wall of jerusalem round about .
when you build a new house , then you shall make a battlement for your roof , that you do n't bring blood on your house , if any man fall from there .
they spoke the word of the lord to him , and to all who were in his house .
that they may keep you from the strange woman , from the foreigner who flatters with her words .
yahweh said to jehu , because you have done well in executing that which is right in my eyes , and have done to the house of ahab according to all that was in my heart , your sons of the fourth generation shall sit on the throne of israel .
do n't forsake your friend and your father 's friend . do n't go to your brother 's house in the day of your disaster : better is a neighbor who is near than a distant brother .
another said , i have married a wife , and therefore i ca n't come . '
speak to the children of israel , and bid those who they make them fringes in the borders of their garments throughout their generations , and that they put on the fringe of each border a cord of blue :
wail ; for the day of yahweh is at hand ! it will come as destruction from the almighty .
and the river shall swarm with frogs , which shall go up and come into your house , and into your bedchamber , and on your bed , and into the house of your servants , and on your people , and into your ovens , and into your kneading troughs :
and jattir with its suburbs , and eshtemoa with its suburbs ,
and when they had fulfilled the days , as they were returning , the boy jesus stayed behind in jerusalem . joseph and his mother did n't know it ,
he said to him , thus says yahweh , because you have let go out of your hand the man whom i had devoted to destruction , therefore your life shall go for his life , and your people for his people .
so then if , while the husband lives , she is joined to another man , she would be called an adulteress . but if the husband dies , she is free from the law , so that she is no adulteress , though she is joined to another man .
yahweh will inherit judah as his portion in the holy land , and will again choose jerusalem .
let no one deceive himself . if anyone thinks that he is wise among you in this world , let him become a fool , that he may become wise .
you shall put the two stones on the shoulder straps of the ephod , to be stones of memorial for the children of israel : and aaron shall bear their names before yahweh on his two shoulders for a memorial .
one who sends a message by the hand of a fool is cutting off feet and drinking violence .
the light of the eyes rejoices the heart . good news gives health to the bones .
beloved , if god loved us in this way , we also ought to love one another .
he said , your name will no longer be called jacob , but israel ; for you have fought with god and with men , and have prevailed .
for this cause , we also , since the day we heard this , do n't cease praying and making requests for you , that you may be filled with the knowledge of his will in all spiritual wisdom and understanding ,
the salutation of me , paul , with my own hand : remember my bonds . grace be with you . amen .
david arose , and fled that day for fear of saul , and went to achish the king of gath .
deceit is in the heart of those who plot evil , but joy comes to the promoters of peace .
therefore , holy brothers , partakers of a heavenly calling , consider the apostle and high priest of our confession , jesus ;
will i eat the flesh of bulls , or drink the blood of goats ?
let your loving kindness be on us , yahweh , since we have hoped in you .
for if god did n't spare angels when they sinned , but cast them down to tartarus , and committed them to pits of darkness , to be reserved to judgment ;
one male goat for a sin offering ;
seeing it is god who said , light will shine out of darkness , who has shone in our hearts , to give the light of the knowledge of the glory of god in the face of jesus christ .
happy are your men , and happy are these your servants , who stand continually before you , and hear your wisdom .
anxiety in a man 's heart weighs it down , but a kind word makes it glad .
when he is judged , let him come forth guilty . let his prayer be turned into sin .
we grope for the wall like the blind ; yes , we grope as those who have no eyes : we stumble at noonday as in the twilight ; among those who are lusty we are as dead men .
look down from heaven , and see from the habitation of your holiness and of your glory : where are your zeal and your mighty acts ? the yearning of your heart and your compassion is restrained toward me .
he causes the grass to grow for the livestock , and plants for man to cultivate , that he may bring forth food out of the earth :
he dealt to everyone of israel , both man and woman , to every one a loaf of bread , and a portion of flesh , and a cake of raisins .
they were ridiculing him , knowing that she was dead .
then job answered ,
yahweh spoke to moses and aaron in mount hor , by the border of the land of edom , saying ,
riches do n't profit in the day of wrath , but righteousness delivers from death .
these are the waters of meribah ; because the children of israel strove with yahweh , and he was sanctified in them .
then was nebuchadnezzar full of fury , and the form of his visage was changed against shadrach , meshach , and abednego : therefore he spoke , and commanded that they should heat the furnace seven times more than it was usually heated .
but i will send a fire on the wall of tyre , and it will devour its palaces .
those who were numbered of them , of the tribe of issachar , were fifty - four thousand four hundred .
son of man , take up a lamentation over the king of tyre , and tell him , thus says the lord yahweh : you seal up the sum , full of wisdom , and perfect in beauty .
when yahweh raised them up judges , then yahweh was with the judge , and saved them out of the hand of their enemies all the days of the judge : for it grieved yahweh because of their groaning by reason of those who oppressed them and vexed them .
meshelemiah had sons and brothers , valiant men , eighteen .
i revealed your name to the people whom you have given me out of the world . they were yours , and you have given them to me . they have kept your word .
but if a man walks in the night , he stumbles , because the light is n't in him .
but he said to him , a certain man made a great supper , and he invited many people .
and one male goat for a sin offering , to make atonement for you .
i will rejoice in jerusalem , and joy in my people ; and there shall be heard in her no more the voice of weeping and the voice of crying .
that day , he removed the male goats that were streaked and spotted , and all the female goats that were speckled and spotted , every one that had white in it , and all the black ones among the sheep , and gave them into the hand of his sons .
then the lawless one will be revealed , whom the lord will kill with the breath of his mouth , and destroy by the manifestation of his coming ;
next to him repaired shallum the son of hallohesh , the ruler of half the district of jerusalem , he and his daughters .
for whoever desires to save his life will lose it , and whoever will lose his life for my sake will find it .
he shall not depart out of darkness ; the flame shall dry up his branches , by the breath of god 's mouth shall he go away .
furthermore yahweh was angry with me for your sakes , and swore that i should not go over the jordan , and that i should not go in to that good land , which yahweh your god gives you for an inheritance :
the drink offering of it shall be the fourth part of a hin for the one lamb : in the holy place shall you pour out a drink offering of strong drink to yahweh .
you say , god lays up his iniquity for his children . ' let him recompense it to himself , that he may know it .
as you know how we exhorted , comforted , and implored every one of you , as a father does his own children ,
you foolish one , that which you yourself sow is not made alive unless it dies .
in cutting of stones for setting , and in carving of wood , to work in all kinds of skillful workmanship .
his father isaac said to him , come near now , and kiss me , my son .
at your rebuke , god of jacob , both chariot and horse are cast into a deep sleep .
for indeed we who are in this tent do groan , being burdened ; not that we desire to be unclothed , but that we desire to be clothed , that what is mortal may be swallowed up by life .
go , tell jeroboam , thus says yahweh , the god of israel : because i exalted you from among the people , and made you prince over my people israel ,
but yahweh has taken you , and brought you forth out of the iron furnace , out of egypt , to be to him a people of inheritance , as at this day .
he said , go and see where he is , that i may send and get him . it was told him , saying , behold , he is in dothan .
then jonathan said to him , tomorrow is the new moon : and you will be missed , because your seat will be empty .
so amnon lay down , and feigned himself sick : and when the king was come to see him , amnon said to the king , please let her sister tamar come , and make me a couple of cakes in my sight , that i may eat from her hand .
their blood they have shed like water around jerusalem . there was no one to bury them .
and changed his prison garments . jehoiachin ate bread before him continually all the days of his life :
whose graves are set in the uttermost parts of the pit , and her company is round about her grave ; all of them slain , fallen by the sword , who caused terror in the land of the living .
it shall happen , that everyone who is left in your house shall come and bow down to him for a piece of silver and a loaf of bread , and shall say , please put me into one of the priests ' offices , that i may eat a morsel of bread .
the lord said , if you had faith like a grain of mustard seed , you would tell this sycamore tree , be uprooted , and be planted in the sea , ' and it would obey you .
therefore i am terrified at his presence . when i consider , i am afraid of him .
i will give the men who have transgressed my covenant , who have not performed the words of the covenant which they made before me , when they cut the calf in two and passed between the parts of it ;
if they blow but one , then the princes , the heads of the thousands of israel , shall gather themselves to you .
then eliphaz the temanite answered ,
five curtains shall be coupled together one to another ; and the other five curtains shall be coupled one to another .
son of man , behold , they of the house of israel say , the vision that he sees is for many day to come , and he prophesies of times that are far off .
this is the law of the burnt offering , of the meal offering , and of the sin offering , and of the trespass offering , and of the consecration , and of the sacrifice of peace offerings ;
for a voice declares from dan , and publishes evil from the hills of ephraim :
you shall make a breastplate of judgment , the work of the skillful workman ; like the work of the ephod you shall make it ; of gold , of blue , and purple , and scarlet , and fine twined linen , shall you make it .
he said to them , take me up , and throw me into the sea . then the sea will be calm for you ; for i know that because of me this great tempest is on you .
by knowledge the rooms are filled with all rare and beautiful treasure .
because he had been often bound with fetters and chains , and the chains had been torn apart by him , and the fetters broken in pieces . nobody had the strength to tame him .
it happened , when she came to him , that she moved him to ask of her father a field : and she alighted from off her donkey ; and caleb said , what would you ?
while peter was pondering the vision , the spirit said to him , behold , three men seek you .
for thus says yahweh concerning the house of the king of judah : you are gilead to me , and the head of lebanon ; yet surely i will make you a wilderness , and cities which are not inhabited .
for he whom god has sent speaks the words of god ; for god gives the spirit without measure .
to the end that we should be to the praise of his glory , we who had before hoped in christ :
the harp , lyre , tambourine , and flute , with wine , are at their feasts ; but they do n't regard the work of yahweh , neither have they considered the operation of his hands .
he made also the bases , and the basins made he on the bases ;
in you , yahweh , i take refuge . let me never be disappointed : deliver me in your righteousness .
it happened in a little while , that the sky grew black with clouds and wind , and there was a great rain . ahab rode , and went to jezreel :
whatever saddle he who has the discharge rides on shall be unclean .
the man of god was angry with him , and said , you should have struck five or six times : then had you struck syria until you had consumed it , whereas now you shall strike syria but thrice .
therefore peter and the other disciple went out , and they went toward the tomb .
having therefore obtained the help that is from god , i stand to this day testifying both to small and great , saying nothing but what the prophets and moses said would happen ,
as for me , is my complaint to man ? why should n't i be impatient ?
the kings of tarshish and of the islands will bring tribute . the kings of sheba and seba shall offer gifts .
nevertheless , hold firmly that which you have , until i come .
but saul , still breathing threats and slaughter against the disciples of the lord , went to the high priest ,
he set up the pillars before the temple , one on the right hand , and the other on the left ; and called the name of that on the right hand jachin , and the name of that on the left boaz .
and i will turn you about , and will lead you on , and will cause you to come up from the uttermost parts of the north ; and i will bring you on the mountains of israel ;
so all the people of the land rejoiced , and the city was quiet . athaliah they had slain with the sword at the king 's house .
the righteousness of the blameless will direct his way , but the wicked shall fall by his own wickedness .
your fathers went down into egypt with seventy persons ; and now yahweh your god has made you as the stars of the sky for multitude .
house of jacob , come , and let us walk in the light of yahweh .
i will harden pharaoh 's heart , and multiply my signs and my wonders in the land of egypt .
who can utter the mighty acts of yahweh , or fully declare all his praise ?
i will ask god , my rock , why have you forgotten me ? why do i go mourning because of the oppression of the enemy ?
and had commanded him concerning this thing , that he should not go after other gods : but he did n't keep that which yahweh commanded .
but whoever has the world 's goods , and sees his brother in need , and closes his heart of compassion against him , how does the love of god remain in him ?
that which has its testicles bruised , crushed , broken , or cut , you shall not offer to yahweh ; neither shall you do thus in your land .
do n't be far from me , for trouble is near . for there is none to help .
so the people shouted , and the priests blew the trumpets ; and it happened , when the people heard the sound of the trumpet , that the people shouted with a great shout , and the wall fell down flat , so that the people went up into the city , every man straight before him , and they took the city .
the light of a lamp will shine no more at all in you . the voice of the bridegroom and of the bride will be heard no more at all in you ; for your merchants were the princes of the earth ; for with your sorcery all the nations were deceived .
but i will scatter them with a whirlwind among all the nations which they have not known . thus the land was desolate after them , so that no man passed through nor returned : for they made the pleasant land desolate .
they lifted up their voice , and wept again : and orpah kissed her mother - in - law , but ruth joined with her .
so i hated life , because the work that is worked under the sun was grievous to me ; for all is vanity and a chasing after wind .
the tribe of gad : and the prince of the children of gad shall be eliasaph the son of reuel .
the children of israel did according to the word of moses ; and they asked of the egyptians jewels of silver , and jewels of gold , and clothing .
i tell you , it will be more tolerable in that day for sodom than for that city .
as well as those who were troubled by unclean spirits , and they were being healed .
but he who hears , and does n't do , is like a man who built a house on the earth without a foundation , against which the stream broke , and immediately it fell , and the ruin of that house was great .
death shall be chosen rather than life by all the residue that remain of this evil family , that remain in all the places where i have driven them , says yahweh of armies .
the old man said , peace be to you ; howsoever let all your wants lie on me ; only do n't lodge in the street .
i will grant you mercy , that he may have mercy on you , and cause you to return to your own land .
you , yahweh , abide forever ; your throne is from generation to generation .
when he saw that he did n't prevail against him , he touched the hollow of his thigh , and the hollow of jacob 's thigh was strained , as he wrestled .
there is no one who understands . there is no one who seeks after god .
watch therefore , for you do n't know when the lord of the house is coming , whether at evening , or at midnight , or when the rooster crows , or in the morning ;
as often as it passes through , it will seize you ; for morning by morning it will pass through , by day and by night ; and it will be nothing but terror to understand the message .
joseph 's master took him , and put him into the prison , the place where the king 's prisoners were bound , and he was there in custody .
in those days the house of judah shall walk with the house of israel , and they shall come together out of the land of the north to the land that i gave for an inheritance to your fathers .
to him who by understanding made the heavens ; for his loving kindness endures forever :
it will happen in that day , says yahweh , that i will cut off your horses out of the midst of you , and will destroy your chariots .
then i said , behold , i have come . it is written about me in the book in the scroll .
and the god who has caused his name to dwell there overthrow all kings and peoples who shall put forth their hand to alter the same , to destroy this house of god which is at jerusalem . i darius have made a decree ; let it be done with all diligence .
but i will sacrifice to you with the voice of thanksgiving . i will pay that which i have vowed . salvation belongs to yahweh .
however , that knowledge is n't in all men . but some , with consciousness of the idol until now , eat as of a thing sacrificed to an idol , and their conscience , being weak , is defiled .
longing to see you , remembering your tears , that i may be filled with joy ;
how can i myself alone bear your encumbrance , and your burden , and your strife ?
it happened , that when he had sat down at the table with them , he took the bread and gave thanks . breaking it , he gave to them .
praise be to yahweh god , the god of israel , who alone does marvelous deeds .
and said to them , you have kept all that moses the servant of yahweh commanded you , and have listened to my voice in all that i commanded you :
for a fire is kindled in my anger , burns to the lowest sheol , devours the earth with its increase , sets on fire the foundations of the mountains .
therefore it is already altogether a defect in you , that you have lawsuits one with another . why not rather be wronged ? why not rather be defrauded ?
i indeed baptize you in water for repentance , but he who comes after me is mightier than i , whose shoes i am not worthy to carry . he will baptize you in the holy spirit .
honor widows who are widows indeed .
do n't enter into the gate of my people in the day of their calamity . do n't look down on their affliction in the day of their calamity , neither seize their wealth on the day of their calamity .
he said to him , say now to her , behold , you have been careful for us with all this care ; what is to be done for you ? would you be spoken for to the king , or to the captain of the army ? she answered , i dwell among my own people .
as samuel was offering up the burnt offering , the philistines drew near to battle against israel ; but yahweh thundered with a great thunder on that day on the philistines , and confused them ; and they were struck down before israel .
now saul had given michal his daughter , david 's wife , to palti the son of laish , who was of gallim .
for it is impossible that the blood of bulls and goats should take away sins .
the sword is outside , and the pestilence and the famine within : he who is in the field shall die with the sword : and he who is in the city , famine and pestilence shall devour him .
and there is n't another good news . only there are some who trouble you , and want to pervert the good news of christ .
if your brother has become poor , and his hand ca n't support him among you ; then you shall uphold him . as a stranger and a sojourner he shall live with you .
if iniquity is in your hand , put it far away , do n't let unrighteousness dwell in your tents .
but the eye of their god was on the elders of the jews , and they did not make them cease , until the matter should come to darius , and then answer should be returned by letter concerning it .
after that , his brother came out , and his hand had hold on esau 's heel . he was named jacob . isaac was sixty years old when she bore them .
i heard the voice from heaven saying , write , blessed are the dead who die in the lord from now on . ' yes , says the spirit , that they may rest from their labors ; for their works follow with them .
it shall happen , when many evils and troubles are come on them , that this song shall testify before them as a witness ; for it shall not be forgotten out of the mouths of their seed : for i know their imagination which they frame this day , before i have brought them into the land which i swore .
like a city that is broken down and without walls is a man whose spirit is without restraint .
that again when i come my god would humble me before you , and i would mourn for many of those who have sinned before now , and not repented of the uncleanness and sexual immorality and lustfulness which they committed .
they stayed there with the disciples for a long time .
let your work appear to your servants ; your glory to their children .
you have shortened the days of his youth . you have covered him with shame . selah .
the patriarchs , moved with jealousy against joseph , sold him into egypt . god was with him ,
in like manner the second also , and the third , to the seventh .
wives , be subject to your own husbands , as to the lord .
behold , the name of yahweh comes from far away , burning with his anger , and in thick rising smoke . his lips are full of indignation , and his tongue is as a devouring fire .
surely as a wife treacherously departs from her husband , so have you dealt treacherously with me , house of israel , says yahweh .
joseph lived in egypt , he , and his father 's house . joseph lived one hundred ten years .
you , o king , saw , and behold , a great image . this image , which was mighty , and whose brightness was excellent , stood before you ; and the aspect of it was awesome .
then jonah prayed to yahweh , his god , out of the fish 's belly .
you shall therefore keep all my statutes , and all my ordinances , and do them ; that the land , where i am bringing you to dwell , may not vomit you out .
abraham rose up , and bowed himself to the people of the land , even to the children of heth .
so when jesus came , he found that he had been in the tomb four days already .
the spirit of the lord is on me , because he has anointed me to preach good news to the poor . he has sent me to heal the brokenhearted , to proclaim release to the captives , recovering of sight to the blind , to deliver those who are crushed ,
if we say that we have fellowship with him and walk in the darkness , we lie , and do n't tell the truth .
yahweh is my rock , my fortress , and my deliverer ; my god , my rock , in whom i take refuge ; my shield , and the horn of my salvation , my high tower .
it ca n't be valued with the gold of ophir , with the precious onyx , or the sapphire .
they answered nebuchadnezzar the king , o king , live for ever .
whereupon were the foundations of it fastened ? or who laid its cornerstone ,
therefore thus says the lord yahweh , behold , my servants shall eat , but you shall be hungry ; behold , my servants shall drink , but you shall be thirsty ; behold , my servants shall rejoice , but you shall be disappointed ;
when therefore he said to them , i am , they went backward , and fell to the ground .
by which will we have been sanctified through the offering of the body of jesus christ once for all .
the princes of pharaoh saw her , and praised her to pharaoh ; and the woman was taken into pharaoh 's house .
they made a calf in those days , and brought a sacrifice to the idol , and rejoiced in the works of their hands .
immediately those who were about to examine him departed from him , and the commanding officer also was afraid when he realized that he was a roman , because he had bound him .
then shall you prosper , if you observe to do the statutes and the ordinances which yahweh gave moses concerning israel . be strong , and of good courage . do n't be afraid , neither be dismayed .
counsel and sound knowledge are mine . i have understanding and power .
thus paul went out from among them .
for i also am a man placed under authority , having under myself soldiers . i tell this one , go ! ' and he goes ; and to another , come ! ' and he comes ; and to my servant , do this , ' and he does it .
noah lived three hundred fifty years after the flood .
the third day , there was a marriage in cana of galilee . jesus ' mother was there .
that he was buried , that he was raised on the third day according to the scriptures ,
so delilah took new ropes , and bound him therewith , and said to him , the philistines are on you , samson . the ambush was waiting in the inner chamber . he broke them off his arms like a thread .
our mouth is open to you , corinthians . our heart is enlarged .
for calamity from god is a terror to me , by reason of his majesty i can do nothing .
then did solomon build a high place for chemosh the abomination of moab , on the mountain that is before jerusalem , and for molech the abomination of the children of ammon .
behold , the assyrian was a cedar in lebanon with beautiful branches , and with a forest - like shade , and of high stature ; and its top was among the thick boughs .
the calamity of moab is near to come , and his affliction hurries fast .
tell god , how awesome are your deeds ! through the greatness of your power , your enemies submit themselves to you .
the seventh poured out his bowl into the air . a loud voice came forth out of the temple of heaven , from the throne , saying , it is done !
do n't lift up your horn on high . do n't speak with a stiff neck .
but one who enters in by the door is the shepherd of the sheep .
however festus answered that paul should be kept in custody at caesarea , and that he himself was about to depart shortly .
the light of the righteous shines brightly , but the lamp of the wicked is snuffed out .
you shall drink water by measure , the sixth part of a hin : from time to time shall you drink .
did you bring to me sacrifices and offerings in the wilderness forty years , house of israel ?
serving the lord with all humility , with many tears , and with trials which happened to me by the plots of the jews ;
jesus christ is the same yesterday , today , and forever .
when the priests enter in , then shall they not go out of the holy place into the outer court , but there they shall lay their garments in which they minister ; for they are holy : and they shall put on other garments , and shall approach to that which pertains to the people .
john answered them all , i indeed baptize you with water , but he comes who is mightier than i , the latchet of whose sandals i am not worthy to loosen . he will baptize you in the holy spirit and fire ,
you have ravished my heart , my sister , my bride . you have ravished my heart with one of your eyes , with one chain of your neck .
with pestilence and with blood will i enter into judgment with him ; and i will rain on him , and on his hordes , and on the many peoples who are with him , an overflowing shower , and great hailstones , fire , and sulfur .
pride only breeds quarrels , but with ones who take advice is wisdom .
for unclean spirits came out of many of those who had them . they came out , crying with a loud voice . many who had been paralyzed and lame were healed .
do you have faith ? have it to yourself before god . happy is he who does n't judge himself in that which he approves .
it happened , as her soul was departing ( for she died ) , that she named him benoni , but his father named him benjamin .
and two olive trees by it , one on the right side of the bowl , and the other on the left side of it .
flee you , turn back , dwell in the depths , inhabitants of dedan ; for i will bring the calamity of esau on him , the time that i shall visit him .
because he did n't kill me from the womb ; and so my mother would have been my grave , and her womb always great .
so now it was n't you who sent me here , but god , and he has made me a father to pharaoh , lord of all his house , and ruler over all the land of egypt .
a people great , and many , and tall , as the anakim ; but yahweh destroyed them before them ; and they succeeded them , and lived in their place ;
the chieftains of judah will say in their heart , the inhabitants of jerusalem are my strength in yahweh of armies their god . '
some therefore of the pharisees said , this man is not from god , because he does n't keep the sabbath . others said , how can a man who is a sinner do such signs ? there was division among them .
they shall burn your houses with fire , and execute judgments on you in the sight of many women ; and i will cause you to cease from playing the prostitute , and you shall also give no hire any more .
he pursues them , and passes by safely , even by a way that he had not gone with his feet .
do n't turn to those who are mediums , nor to the wizards . do n't seek them out , to be defiled by them . i am yahweh your god .
levi made a great feast for him in his house . there was a great crowd of tax collectors and others who were reclining with them .
and he said , please let me go , for our family has a sacrifice in the city ; and my brother , he has commanded me to be there : and now , if i have found favor in your eyes , let me get away , i pray you , and see my brothers . therefore he is not come to the king 's table .
because they ministered to them before their idols , and became a stumbling block of iniquity to the house of israel ; therefore have i lifted up my hand against them , says the lord yahweh , and they shall bear their iniquity .
you shall not eat one day , nor two days , nor five days , neither ten days , nor twenty days ,
now therefore do n't be scoffers , lest your bonds be made strong ; for i have heard a decree of destruction from the lord , yahweh of armies , on the whole earth .
and yahweh will guide you continually , and satisfy your soul in dry places , and make strong your bones ; and you shall be like a watered garden , and like a spring of water , whose waters do n't fail .
eleazar the priest said to the men of war who went to the battle , this is the statute of the law which yahweh has commanded moses :
isaac and ishmael , his sons , buried him in the cave of machpelah , in the field of ephron , the son of zohar the hittite , which is before mamre ,
my eyes are dim from grief . i have called on you daily , yahweh . i have spread out my hands to you .
their brothers , in their villages , were to come in every seven days from time to time to be with them :
but they had no child , because elizabeth was barren , and they both were well advanced in years .
but they , when they heard this , were cut to the heart , and determined to kill them .
and as from the day that i commanded judges to be over my people israel ; and i will cause you to rest from all your enemies . moreover yahweh tells you that yahweh will make you a house .
even as sodom and gomorrah , and the cities around them , having , in the same way as these , given themselves over to sexual immorality and gone after strange flesh , are set forth as an example , suffering the punishment of eternal fire .
when he would not be persuaded , we ceased , saying , the lord 's will be done .
these are the set feasts of yahweh , even holy convocations , which you shall proclaim in their appointed season .
and it shall be to him , and to his seed after him , the covenant of an everlasting priesthood ; because he was jealous for his god , and made atonement for the children of israel .
i exhort therefore , first of all , that petitions , prayers , intercessions , and givings of thanks , be made for all men :
i am weary with my crying . my throat is dry . my eyes fail , looking for my god .
in the eighth day the flesh of his foreskin shall be circumcised .
then shall you do to him , as he had thought to do to his brother : so shall you put away the evil from the midst of you .
the babylonians and all the chaldeans , pekod and shoa and koa , and all the assyrians with them ; desirable young men , governors and rulers all of them , princes and men of renown , all of them riding on horses .
as they served the lord and fasted , the holy spirit said , separate barnabas and saul for me , for the work to which i have called them .
if you are willing to receive it , this is elijah , who is to come .
but the boy did n't know anything : only jonathan and david knew the matter .
he cut the ram into its pieces ; and moses burned the head , and the pieces , and the fat .
sing to him , sing praises to him ! tell of all his marvelous works .
they were reckoned by genealogy , after their generations , heads of their fathers ' houses , mighty men of valor , twenty thousand two hundred .
the rich man 's wealth is his strong city , like an unscalable wall in his own imagination .
all the vessels of gold and of silver were five thousand and four hundred . all these did sheshbazzar bring up , when they of the captivity were brought up from babylon to jerusalem .
abimelech said , i do n't know who has done this thing . neither did you tell me , neither did i hear of it , until today .
saviors will go up on mount zion to judge the mountains of esau , and the kingdom will be yahweh 's .
when herod the king heard it , he was troubled , and all jerusalem with him .
you shall bring aaron and his sons to the door of the tent of meeting , and shall wash them with water .
help me , yahweh , my god . save me according to your loving kindness ;
while the king sat at his table , my perfume spread its fragrance .
gad , a troop will press on him ; but he will press on their heel .
they have blown the trumpet , and have made all ready ; but none goes to the battle ; for my wrath is on all the multitude of it .
it came to pass after this , that there was again war with the philistines at gob : then sibbecai the hushathite killed saph , who was of the sons of the giant .
you shall kill the bull before yahweh , at the door of the tent of meeting .
he asked them , how many loaves do you have ? they said , seven .
the commandment of esther confirmed these matters of purim ; and it was written in the book .
also his wrath was kindled against his three friends , because they had found no answer , and yet had condemned job .
you shall tell your son in that day , saying , it is because of that which yahweh did for me when i came forth out of egypt . '
it will happen that whoever will call on the name of yahweh shall be saved ; for in mount zion and in jerusalem there will be those who escape , as yahweh has said , and among the remnant , those whom yahweh calls .
whatever your hand finds to do , do it with your might ; for there is no work , nor device , nor knowledge , nor wisdom , in sheol , where you are going .
then said boaz to his servant who was set over the reapers , whose young lady is this ?
and the avvites made nibhaz and tartak ; and the sepharvites burnt their children in the fire to adrammelech and anammelech , the gods of sepharvaim .
i have not hidden your righteousness within my heart . i have declared your faithfulness and your salvation . i have not concealed your loving kindness and your truth from the great assembly .
for this child i prayed ; and yahweh has given me my petition which i asked of him :
but jeshurun grew fat , and kicked : you have grown fat , you are grown thick , you are become sleek ; then he forsook god who made him , lightly esteemed the rock of his salvation .
but as one was felling a beam , the axe head fell into the water ; and he cried , and said , alas , my master ! for it was borrowed .
then the princes of the philistines went forth : and it happened , as often as they went forth , that david behaved himself more wisely than all the servants of saul ; so that his name was much set by .
the man said , the woman whom you gave to be with me , she gave me of the tree , and i ate .
after this , i saw four angels standing at the four corners of the earth , holding the four winds of the earth , so that no wind would blow on the earth , or on the sea , or on any tree .
those who ate the loaves were five thousand men .
one of the seven angels who had the seven bowls , who were loaded with the seven last plagues came , and he spoke with me , saying , come here . i will show you the wife , the lamb 's bride .
wo n't all these take up a parable against him , and a taunting proverb against him , and say , woe to him who increases that which is not his , and who enriches himself by extortion ! how long ? '
now therefore , what do i here , says yahweh , seeing that my people is taken away for nothing ? those who rule over them do howl , says yahweh , and my name continually all the day is blasphemed .
from the sky the stars fought , from their courses they fought against sisera .
the midwives said to pharaoh , because the hebrew women are n't like the egyptian women ; for they are vigorous , and give birth before the midwife comes to them .
i , daniel , alone saw the vision ; for the men who were with me did n't see the vision ; but a great quaking fell on them , and they fled to hide themselves .
yet will i leave me seven thousand in israel , all the knees which have not bowed to baal , and every mouth which has not kissed him .
that the manslayer might flee there , who kills his neighbor unawares , and did n't hate him in time past ; and that fleeing to one of these cities he might live :
he had a helmet of brass on his head , and he was clad with a coat of mail ; and the weight of the coat was five thousand shekels of brass .
they lie down alike in the dust , the worm covers them .
for as the earth brings forth its bud , and as the garden causes the things that are sown in it to spring forth ; so the lord yahweh will cause righteousness and praise to spring forth before all the nations .
i will be careful to live a blameless life . when will you come to me ? i will walk within my house with a blameless heart .
but i had regard for my holy name , which the house of israel had profaned among the nations , where they went .
yahweh listened to the voice of israel , and delivered up the canaanites ; and they utterly destroyed them and their cities : and the name of the place was called hormah .
pause and wonder ! blind yourselves and be blind ! they are drunken , but not with wine ; they stagger , but not with strong drink .
for most assuredly that which has been made glorious has not been made glorious in this respect , by reason of the glory that surpasses .
but you shall remember that you were a bondservant in egypt , and yahweh your god redeemed you there : therefore i command you to do this thing .
so jehoiakim slept with his fathers ; and jehoiachin his son reigned in his place .
when the multitudes heard it , they were astonished at his teaching .
they answered joshua , and said , because it was certainly told your servants , how that yahweh your god commanded his servant moses to give you all the land , and to destroy all the inhabitants of the land from before you ; therefore we were sore afraid for our lives because of you , and have done this thing .
what will you do in the day of visitation , and in the desolation which will come from afar ? to whom will you flee for help ? where will you leave your wealth ?
thus shall they prepare the lamb , and the meal offering , and the oil , morning by morning , for a continual burnt offering .
from the cry of heshbon even to elealeh , even to jahaz have they uttered their voice , from zoar even to horonaim , to eglath shelishiyah : for the waters of nimrim also shall become desolate .
it happened , when moses held up his hand , that israel prevailed ; and when he let down his hand , amalek prevailed .
then judah came near to him , and said , oh , my lord , please let your servant speak a word in my lord 's ears , and do n't let your anger burn against your servant ; for you are even as pharaoh .
the tempter came and said to him , if you are the son of god , command that these stones become bread .
she arose , and bowed herself with her face to the earth , and said , behold , your handmaid is a servant to wash the feet of the servants of my lord .
has a nation changed its gods , which yet are no gods ? but my people have changed their glory for that which does not profit .
for god will save zion , and build the cities of judah . they shall settle there , and own it .
do n't hold the iniquities of our forefathers against us . let your tender mercies speedily meet us , for we are in desperate need .
sigh therefore , you son of man ; with the breaking of your thighs and with bitterness shall you sigh before their eyes .
god said , let the waters swarm with swarms of living creatures , and let birds fly above the earth in the open expanse of sky .
let your priest be clothed with righteousness . let your saints shout for joy !
ephraim did n't drive out the canaanites who lived in gezer ; but the canaanites lived in gezer among them .
the philistines fought , and israel was struck , and they fled every man to his tent : and there was a very great slaughter ; for there fell of israel thirty thousand footmen .
most assuredly i tell you , wherever this good news may be preached throughout the whole world , that which this woman has done will also be spoken of for a memorial of her .
that they gathered themselves together , to fight with joshua and with israel , with one accord .
for all the high mountains , for all the hills that are lifted up ,
you shall not deny justice to your poor people in their lawsuits .
when they are heated , i will make their feast , and i will make them drunken , that they may rejoice , and sleep a perpetual sleep , and not wake , says yahweh .
when inquisition was made of the matter , and it was found to be so , they were both hanged on a tree : and it was written in the book of the chronicles before the king .
david went up according to the saying of gad , as yahweh commanded .
in that day you will ask me no questions . most assuredly i tell you , whatever you may ask of the father in my name , he will give it to you .
for you , god , have tested us . you have refined us , as silver is refined .
yahweh will open to you his good treasure in the sky , to give the rain of your land in its season , and to bless all the work of your hand : and you shall lend to many nations , and you shall not borrow .
now in the first year of cyrus king of persia , that the word of yahweh by the mouth of jeremiah might be accomplished , yahweh stirred up the spirit of cyrus king of persia , so that he made a proclamation throughout all his kingdom , and put it also in writing , saying ,
i took my concubine , and cut her in pieces , and sent her throughout all the country of the inheritance of israel ; for they have committed lewdness and folly in israel .
he gave him no inheritance in it , no , not so much as to set his foot on . he promised that he would give it to him for a possession , and to his seed after him , when he still had no child .
solomon gave hiram twenty thousand measures of wheat for food to his household , and twenty measures of pure oil : thus gave solomon to hiram year by year .
behold , there come seven years of great plenty throughout all the land of egypt .
for it is no vain thing for you ; because it is your life , and through this thing you shall prolong your days in the land , where you go over the jordan to possess it .
on the fifth day nine bulls , two rams , fourteen male lambs a year old without blemish ;
all the congregation brought him outside of the camp , and stoned him to death with stones ; as yahweh commanded moses .
he offered the tribute to eglon king of moab : now eglon was a very fat man .
and the forks , and the basins , and the cups , of pure gold ; and for the golden bowls by weight for every bowl ; and for the silver bowls by weight for every bowl ;
go up , you horses ; and rage , you chariots ; and let the mighty men go forth : cush and put , who handle the shield ; and the ludim , who handle and bend the bow .
but he stayed quiet , and answered nothing . again the high priest asked him , are you the christ , the son of the blessed ?
what he has seen and heard , of that he testifies ; and no one receives his witness .
there they cry , but none gives answer , because of the pride of evil men .
for i will pour water on him who is thirsty , and streams on the dry ground ; i will pour my spirit on your seed , and my blessing on your offspring :
they said to him , why do john 's disciples often fast and pray , likewise also the disciples of the pharisees , but yours eat and drink ?
with persuasive words , she led him astray . with the flattering of her lips , she seduced him .
you were running well ! who interfered with you that you should not obey the truth ?
the house of the wicked will be overthrown , but the tent of the upright will flourish .
he shall have neither son nor grandson among his people , nor any remaining where he sojourned .
that older men should be temperate , sensible , sober minded , sound in faith , in love , and in patience :
a certain lender had two debtors . the one owed five hundred denarii , and the other fifty .
he did that which was right in the eyes of yahweh , according to all that david his father had done .
why did you flee secretly , and deceive me , and did n't tell me , that i might have sent you away with mirth and with songs , with tambourine and with harp ;
the windows of it , and the arches of it , and the palm trees of it , were after the measure of the gate whose prospect is toward the east ; and they went up to it by seven steps ; and the arches of it were before them .
the hands of zerubbabel have laid the foundation of this house . his hands shall also finish it ; and you will know that yahweh of armies has sent me to you .
for john said to him , it is not lawful for you to have her .
whatever you do , in word or in deed , do all in the name of the lord jesus , giving thanks to god the father , through him .
as for you , if you will walk before me as david your father walked , and do according to all that i have commanded you , and will keep my statutes and my ordinances ;
the lord said , because this people draws near with their mouth and with their lips to honor me , but they have removed their heart far from me , and their fear of me is a commandment of men which has been taught ;
saying , teacher , moses said , if a man dies , having no children , his brother shall marry his wife , and raise up seed for his brother . '
then amnon hated her with exceeding great hatred ; for the hatred with which he hated her was greater than the love with which he had loved her . amnon said to her , arise , be gone .
azariah the chief priest , and all the priests , looked on him , and behold , he was leprous in his forehead , and they thrust him out quickly from there ; yes , himself hurried also to go out , because yahweh had struck him .
of the gods of the peoples who are round about you , near to you , or far off from you , from the one end of the earth even to the other end of the earth ;
and from jesus christ , the faithful witness , the firstborn of the dead , and the ruler of the kings of the earth . to him who loves us , and washed us from our sins by his blood ;
therefore shall her young men fall in her streets , and all her men of war shall be brought to silence in that day , says yahweh .
whoever is wise will pay attention to these things . they will consider the loving kindnesses of yahweh .
the whole congregation sent and spoke to the children of benjamin who were in the rock of rimmon , and proclaimed peace to them .
hollow with planks shall you make it : as it has been shown you on the mountain , so shall they make it .
if a man redeems anything of his tithe , he shall add a fifth part to it .
you shall observe to do therefore as yahweh your god has commanded you : you shall not turn aside to the right hand or to the left .
but the fruit of the spirit is love , joy , peace , patience , kindness , goodness , faithfulness ,
and went and served other gods , and worshiped them , gods that they did n't know , and that he had not given to them :
david behaved himself wisely in all his ways ; and yahweh was with him .
i tell you , arise , take up your mat , and go to your house .
only yahweh had a delight in your fathers to love them , and he chose their seed after them , even you above all peoples , as at this day .
shall the prey be taken from the mighty , or the lawful captives be delivered ?
he said , call her . when he had called her , she stood in the door .
he did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh , and walked in the way of jeroboam , and in his sin with which he made israel to sin .
by reason of the abundance of his horses their dust shall cover you : your walls shall shake at the noise of the horsemen , and of the wagons , and of the chariots , when he shall enter into your gates , as men enter into a city in which is made a breach .
but the days will come when the bridegroom will be taken away from them , and then will they fast in that day .
yahweh shall reign forever and ever .
you have condemned , you have murdered the righteous one . he does n't resist you .
have the gods of the nations delivered them , which my fathers have destroyed , gozan , and haran , and rezeph , and the children of eden that were in telassar ?
that is , it is not the children of the flesh who are children of god , but the children of the promise are counted as a seed .
it happened after the plague , that yahweh spoke to moses and to eleazar the son of aaron the priest , saying ,
his seed will be mighty in the land . the generation of the upright will be blessed .
now he said this , signifying by what kind of death he would glorify god . when he had said this , he said to him , follow me .
whom , though i were righteous , yet would i not answer . i would make supplication to my judge .
jeroboam 's wife did so , and arose , and went to shiloh , and came to the house of ahijah . now ahijah could not see ; for his eyes were set by reason of his age .
do n't say , i will do to him as he has done to me ; i will render to the man according to his work .
for my iniquities have gone over my head . as a heavy burden , they are too heavy for me .
let 's go up against judah , and tear it apart , and let 's divide it among ourselves , and set up a king in the midst of it , even the son of tabeel .
according to their uncleanness and according to their transgressions did i to them ; and i hid my face from them .
his roots are wrapped around the rock pile , he sees the place of stones .
let the redeemed by yahweh say so , whom he has redeemed from the hand of the adversary ,
that you shall say , your servants have been keepers of livestock from our youth even until now , both we , and our fathers : ' that you may dwell in the land of goshen ; for every shepherd is an abomination to the egyptians .
there were many lights in the upper chamber where we were gathered together .
he said , he who showed mercy on him . then jesus said to him , go and do likewise .
it happened in the twelfth year of our captivity , in the tenth month , in the fifth day of the month , that one who had escaped out of jerusalem came to me , saying , the city has been struck .
the rest said , let him be . let 's see whether elijah comes to save him .
it is a sabbath of solemn rest to you , and you shall afflict your souls ; it is a statute forever .
even so then at this present time also there is a remnant according to the election of grace .
if i have despised the cause of my male servant or of my female servant , when they contended with me ;
as the king passed by , he cried to the king ; and he said , your servant went out into the midst of the battle ; and behold , a man turned aside , and brought a man to me , and said , keep this man : if by any means he be missing , then shall your life be for his life , or else you shall pay a talent of silver .
the mystery which has been hidden for ages and generations . but now it has been revealed to his saints ,
when the sons of the prophets who were at jericho over against him saw him , they said , the spirit of elijah does rest on elisha . they came to meet him , and bowed themselves to the ground before him .
bring me venison , and make me savory food , that i may eat , and bless you before yahweh before my death . '
no , much rather , those members of the body which seem to be weaker are necessary .
god saw the children of israel , and god was concerned about them .
abram said to the king of sodom , i have lifted up my hand to yahweh , god most high , possessor of heaven and earth ,
i , even i artaxerxes the king , do make a decree to all the treasurers who are beyond the river , that whatever ezra the priest , the scribe of the law of the god of heaven , shall require of you , it be done with all diligence ,
when she was risen up to glean , boaz commanded his young men , saying , let her glean even among the sheaves , and do n't reproach her .
and set up false witnesses who said , this man never stops speaking blasphemous words against this holy place and the law .
or else would n't they have ceased to be offered , because the worshippers , having been once cleansed , would have had no more consciousness of sins ?
the foot shall tread it down ; even the feet of the poor , and the steps of the needy .
create in me a clean heart , o god . renew a right spirit within me .
yet he sent prophets to them , to bring them again to yahweh ; and they testified against them : but they would not give ear .
so then it is not of him who wills , nor of him who runs , but of god who has mercy .
and they gave them for the potter 's field , as the lord commanded me .
joshua said , why have you troubled us ? yahweh shall trouble you this day . all israel stoned him with stones ; and they burned them with fire , and stoned them with stones .
then the presidents and the satraps sought to find occasion against daniel as touching the kingdom ; but they could find no occasion nor fault , because he was faithful , neither was there any error or fault found in him .
all the people perceived the thunderings , the lightnings , the sound of the trumpet , and the mountain smoking . when the people saw it , they trembled , and stayed at a distance .
there is a man in your kingdom , in whom is the spirit of the holy gods ; and in the days of your father light and understanding and wisdom , like the wisdom of the gods , were found in him ; and the king nebuchadnezzar your father , the king , i say , your father , made him master of the magicians , enchanters , chaldeans , and soothsayers ;
but immediately jesus spoke to them , saying cheer up ! i am ! do n't be afraid .
and i have filled him with the spirit of god , in wisdom , and in understanding , and in knowledge , and in all manner of workmanship ,
how long shall the land mourn , and the herbs of the whole country wither ? for the wickedness of those who dwell therein , the animals are consumed , and the birds ; because they said , he shall not see our latter end .
neither shall you commit adultery .
but they set their abominations in the house which is called by my name , to defile it .
the apostles , when they had returned , told him what things they had done . he took them , and withdrew apart to a deserted place of a city called bethsaida .
i also will set my face against that person , and will cut him off from among his people because he has given of his seed to molech , to defile my sanctuary , and to profane my holy name .
my eye also is dim by reason of sorrow . all my members are as a shadow .
he laid the foundations of the earth , that it should not be moved forever .
an inscription was also written over him in letters of greek , latin , and hebrew : this is the king of the jews .
as many as do n't receive you , when you depart from that city , shake off even the dust from your feet for a testimony against them .
you shall command the children of israel , that they bring to you pure olive oil beaten for the light , to cause a lamp to burn continually .
not in the passion of lust , even as the gentiles who do n't know god ;
elijah said to her , do n't be afraid ; go and do as you have said ; but make me of it a little cake first , and bring it forth to me , and afterward make for you and for your son .
for this cause i suffer also these things . yet i am not ashamed , for i know him whom i have believed , and i am persuaded that he is able to guard that which i have committed to him against that day .
then the proud waters would have gone over our soul .
surely now they will say , we have no king ; for we do n't fear yahweh ; and the king , what can he do for us ?
then he said , do you know why i have come to you ? now i will return to fight with the prince of persia . when i go forth , behold , the prince of greece shall come .
that you may maintain discretion , that your lips may preserve knowledge .
one male goat for a sin offering ;
who by his power forms the mountains , having armed yourself with strength ;
it will happen , if they will neither believe you nor listen to the voice of the first sign , that they will believe the voice of the latter sign .
david said , yahweh who delivered me out of the paw of the lion , and out of the paw of the bear , he will deliver me out of the hand of this philistine . saul said to david , go , and yahweh shall be with you .
do n't marvel that i said to you , you must be born anew . '
then spoke the king ahasuerus and said to esther the queen , who is he , and where is he , that dared presume in his heart to do so ?
but if we are afflicted , it is for your comfort and salvation . if we are comforted , it is for your comfort , which produces in you the patient enduring of the same sufferings which we also suffer .
having found a ship crossing over to phoenicia , we went aboard , and set sail .
he has caused the shafts of his quiver to enter into my kidneys .
among the smooth stones of the valley is your portion ; they , they are your lot ; even to them have you poured a drink offering , you have offered an offering . shall i be appeased for these things ?
by so much has jesus become the collateral of a better covenant .
he said to them , now draw some out , and take it to the ruler of the feast . so they took it .
why do you boast of mischief , mighty man ? god 's loving kindness endures continually .
yahweh will make the rain of your land powder and dust : from the sky shall it come down on you , until you are destroyed .
will you keep the old way which wicked men have trodden ,
their meal offering and their drink offerings for the bulls , for the rams , and for the lambs , according to their number , after the ordinance ;
then he shall be shaved , but he shall not shave the itch ; and the priest shall shut him up who has the itch seven more days .
therefore i endure all things for the chosen ones ' sake , that they also may obtain the salvation which is in christ jesus with eternal glory .
yahweh will give strength to his people . yahweh will bless his people with peace .
he allowed no one to do them wrong . yes , he reproved kings for their sakes ,
whatever thing i command you , that shall you observe to do : you shall not add thereto , nor diminish from it .
then he brought me forth into the outer court , the way toward the north : and he brought me into the chamber that was over against the separate place , and which was over against the building toward the north .
abimelech got him up to mount zalmon , he and all the people who were with him ; and abimelech took an axe in his hand , and cut down a bough from the trees , and took it up , and laid it on his shoulder : and he said to the people who were with him , what you have seen me do , make haste , and do as i have done .
take heed to yourselves , lest your heart be deceived , and you turn aside , and serve other gods , and worship them ;
so that no one should say that i had baptized you into my own name .
see the birds of the sky , that they do n't sow , neither do they reap , nor gather into barns . your heavenly father feeds them . are n't you of much more value than they ?
but paul said , i am a jew , from tarsus in cilicia , a citizen of no insignificant city . i beg you , allow me to speak to the people .
david said to him , your blood be on your head ; for your mouth has testified against you , saying , i have slain yahweh 's anointed .
their land swarmed with frogs , even in the chambers of their kings .
who has fashioned a god , or molten an image that is profitable for nothing ?
but the princes of the children of ammon said to hanun , think you that david does honor your father , in that he has sent comforters to you ? are n't his servants come to you to search , and to overthrow , and to spy out the land ?
the jews answered him , we do n't stone you for a good work , but for blasphemy : because you , being a man , make yourself god .
you have forgiven the iniquity of your people . you have covered all their sin . selah .
that the king said to nathan the prophet , see now , i dwell in a house of cedar , but the ark of god dwells within curtains .
sixteen years old was uzziah when he began to reign ; and he reigned fifty - two years in jerusalem : and his mother 's name was jechiliah , of jerusalem .
who will pay back to everyone according to their works :
when the sixth hour had come , there was darkness over the whole land until the ninth hour .
the days which jeroboam reigned were two and twenty years : and he slept with his fathers , and nadab his son reigned in his place .
they will lick the dust like a serpent . like crawling things of the earth they shall come trembling out of their dens . they will come with fear to yahweh our god , and will be afraid because of you .
and shabbethai and jozabad , of the chiefs of the levites , who had the oversight of the outward business of the house of god ;
it is better to take refuge in yahweh , than to put confidence in princes .
yahweh said to cain , why are you angry ? why has the expression of your face fallen ?
a corrector of the foolish , a teacher of babies , having in the law the form of knowledge and of the truth .
she said , according to your words , so be it . she sent them away , and they departed : and she bound the scarlet line in the window .
the whole valley of the dead bodies and of the ashes , and all the fields to the brook kidron , to the corner of the horse gate toward the east , shall be holy to yahweh ; it shall not be plucked up , nor thrown down any more forever .
on the eighth day they held a solemn assembly : for they kept the dedication of the altar seven days , and the feast seven days .
he arose and went ; and behold , there was a man of ethiopia , a eunuch of great authority under candace , queen of the ethiopians , who was over all her treasure , who had come to jerusalem to worship .
o yahweh , do n't your eyes look on truth ? you have stricken them , but they were not grieved ; you have consumed them , but they have refused to receive correction : they have made their faces harder than a rock ; they have refused to return .
the word of yahweh came to him , saying ,
pardon , please , the iniquity of this people according to the greatness of your loving kindness , and according as you have forgiven this people , from egypt even until now .
jesus answered them , the time has come for the son of man to be glorified .
the king commanded hilkiah the high priest , and the priests of the second order , and the keepers of the threshold , to bring forth out of the temple of yahweh all the vessels that were made for baal , and for the asherah , and for all the army of the sky , and he burned them outside of jerusalem in the fields of the kidron , and carried the ashes of them to bethel .
before yahweh ; for he comes , for he comes to judge the earth . he will judge the world with righteousness , the peoples with his truth .
surely there is no enchantment with jacob ; neither is there any divination with israel : now shall it be said of jacob and of israel , what has god done !
all the cities of those kings , and all the kings of them , did joshua take , and he struck them with the edge of the sword , and utterly destroyed them ; as moses the servant of yahweh commanded .
they came and besieged him in abel of beth maacah , and they cast up a mound against the city , and it stood against the rampart ; and all the people who were with joab battered the wall , to throw it down .
and for his virgin sister who is near to him , who has had no husband ; for her he may defile himself .
to the general assembly and assembly of the firstborn who are enrolled in heaven , to god the judge of all , to the spirits of just men made perfect ,
her brother and her mother said , let the young lady stay with us a few days , at least ten . after that she will go .
he shall lay his hand on the head of the goat , and kill it in the place where they kill the burnt offering before yahweh . it is a sin offering .
when all jabesh gilead heard all that the philistines had done to saul ,
the name of the first is pishon : this is the one which flows through the whole land of havilah , where there is gold ;
the shepherds shall have no way to flee , nor the principal of the flock to escape .
he stretches out the north over empty space , and hangs the earth on nothing .
on the first day of the week , let each one of you save , as he may prosper , that no collections be made when i come .
how beautiful on the mountains are the feet of him who brings good news , who publishes peace , who brings good news of good , who publishes salvation , who says to zion , your god reigns !
and in the vine were three branches . it was as though it budded , its blossoms shot forth , and the clusters of it brought forth ripe grapes .
behold , the land of the chaldeans . this people was not . the assyrians founded it for those who dwell in the wilderness . they set up their towers . they overthrew its palaces . they made it a ruin .
in the night season my bones are pierced in me , and the pains that gnaw me take no rest .
rejoice in yahweh , you righteous ! praise is fitting for the upright .
the children of benjamin said , they are struck down before us , as at the first . but the children of israel said , let us flee , and draw them away from the city to the highways .
now some of the hebrews had gone over the jordan to the land of gad and gilead ; but as for saul , he was yet in gilgal , and all the people followed him trembling .
and what he did to the army of egypt , to their horses , and to their chariots ; how he made the water of the red sea to overflow them as they pursued after you , and how yahweh has destroyed them to this day ;
but you gave the nazirites wine to drink , and commanded the prophets , saying , do n't prophesy ! '
eastward were six levites , northward four a day , southward four a day , and for the storehouse two and two .
hear , our god ; for we are despised : and turn back their reproach on their own head , and give them up for a spoil in a land of captivity ;
when the ten heard it , they began to be indignant towards james and john .
the house which i build is great ; for great is our god above all gods .
he left all that he had in joseph 's hand . he did n't concern himself with anything , except for the food which he ate . joseph was well - built and handsome .
how long will you not look away from me , nor leave me alone until i swallow down my spittle ?
have n't you known ? have n't you heard ? the everlasting god , yahweh , the creator of the ends of the earth , does n't faint . he is n't weary . his understanding is unsearchable .
who has heard such a thing ? who has seen such things ? shall a land be born in one day ? shall a nation be brought forth at once ? for as soon as zion travailed , she brought forth her children .
the god who arms me with strength , and makes my way perfect ?
anyone who curses his father or his mother shall surely be put to death .
moreover from the time that i was appointed to be their governor in the land of judah , from the twentieth year even to the two and thirtieth year of artaxerxes the king , that is , twelve years , i and my brothers have not eaten the bread of the governor .
each silver platter weighing one hundred thirty shekels , and each bowl seventy ; all the silver of the vessels two thousand four hundred shekels , after the shekel of the sanctuary ;
he put the wood in order , and cut the bull in pieces , and laid it on the wood . he said , fill four jars with water , and pour it on the burnt offering , and on the wood .
he put all these in aaron 's hands and in his sons ' hands , and waved them for a wave offering before yahweh .
the king of israel said to his servants , you know that ramoth gilead is ours , and we are still , and do n't take it out of the hand of the king of syria ?
and i will sell your sons and your daughters into the hands of the children of judah , and they will sell them to the men of sheba , to a faraway nation , for yahweh has spoken it .
babylon is suddenly fallen and destroyed : wail for her ; take balm for her pain , if so be she may be healed .
let mount zion be glad ! let the daughters of judah rejoice , because of your judgments .
they will stumble over one another , as it were before the sword , when no one pursues : and you will have no power to stand before your enemies .
the egyptians dealt ill with us , and afflicted us , and laid on us hard bondage :
saying , blessed is the king who comes in the name of the lord ! peace in heaven , and glory in the highest !
yes , though you offer me your burnt offerings and meal offerings , i will not accept them ; neither will i regard the peace offerings of your fat animals .
when they went , they went in their four directions : they did n't turn when they went .
if it spreads in the skin , then the priest shall pronounce him unclean . it is a plague .
he will surely wind you around and around , and throw you like a ball into a large country . there you will die , and there the chariots of your glory will be , you shame of your lord 's house .
surely there was not kept such a passover from the days of the judges who judged israel , nor in all the days of the kings of israel , nor of the kings of judah ;
to make known to the sons of men his mighty acts , the glory of the majesty of his kingdom .
neither shall pharaoh with his mighty army and great company help him in the war , when they cast up mounds and build forts , to cut off many persons .
but the saints of the most high shall receive the kingdom , and possess the kingdom forever , even forever and ever .
you shall not covet your neighbor 's house . you shall not covet your neighbor 's wife , nor his male servant , nor his female servant , nor his ox , nor his donkey , nor anything that is your neighbor 's .
therefore has yahweh recompensed me according to my righteousness , according to my cleanness in his eyesight .
he removed the high places , and broke the pillars , and cut down the asherah : and he broke in pieces the brazen serpent that moses had made ; for to those days the children of israel did burn incense to it ; and he called it nehushtan .
but god said to me , you shall not build a house for my name , because you are a man of war , and have shed blood .
i bought the field that was in anathoth of hanamel my uncle 's son , and weighed him the money , even seventeen shekels of silver .
then let me sow , and let another eat ; yes , let the produce of my field be rooted out .
and their meal offering and their drink offerings for the bulls , for the rams , and for the lambs , according to their number , after the ordinance ;
princes were hanged up by their hand : the faces of elders were not honored .
he displayed the riches of his glorious kingdom and the honor of his excellent majesty many days , even one hundred eighty days .
the lodges of the gate eastward were three on this side , and three on that side ; they three were of one measure : and the posts had one measure on this side and on that side .
he did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh , and walked in the way of his father , and in his sin with which he made israel to sin .
and blessed be god most high , who has delivered your enemies into your hand . abram gave him a tenth of all .
with my soul have i desired you in the night . yes , with my spirit within me will i seek you earnestly ; for when your judgments are in the earth , the inhabitants of the world learn righteousness .
he set the rods which he had peeled opposite the flocks in the gutters in the watering - troughs where the flocks came to drink . they conceived when they came to drink .
alexander , the coppersmith , did much evil to me . the lord will repay him according to his works ,
david was then in the stronghold , and the garrison of the philistines was then in bethlehem .
you shall sacrifice the passover to yahweh your god , of the flock and the herd , in the place which yahweh shall choose , to cause his name to dwell there .
when the servants of david were come to abigail to carmel , they spoke to her , saying , david has sent us to you , to take you to him as wife .
jerubbaal the son of joash went and lived in his own house .
peter answered , and said to jesus , lord , it is good for us to be here . if you want , let 's make three tents here : one for you , one for moses , and one for elijah .
their quiver is an open tomb , they are all mighty men .
i exhort the elders among you , as a fellow elder , and a witness of the sufferings of christ , and who will also share in the glory that will be revealed .
then he charged the disciples that they should tell no one that he is jesus the christ .
look on everyone who is proud , and humble him . crush the wicked in their place .
thus yahweh saved hezekiah and the inhabitants of jerusalem from the hand of sennacherib the king of assyria , and from the hand of all others , and guided them on every side .
will you be angry with us forever ? will you draw out your anger to all generations ?
those who are near , and those who are far from you , shall mock you , you infamous one and full of tumult .
you shall make a plate of pure gold , and engrave on it , like the engravings of a signet , holy to yahweh . '
you do n't have his word living in you ; because you do n't believe him whom he sent .
when he opened the third seal , i heard the third living creature saying , come and see ! and behold , a black horse , and he who sat on it had a balance in his hand .
now , lord , what do i wait for ? my hope is in you .
should your boastings make men hold their peace ? when you mock , shall no man make you ashamed ?
the meal offering and the drink offering are cut off from yahweh 's house . the priests , yahweh 's ministers , mourn .
so on the fifteenth day of the seventh month , when you have gathered in the fruits of the land , you shall keep the feast of yahweh seven days : on the first day shall be a solemn rest , and on the eighth day shall be a solemn rest .
as a bird that wanders from her nest , so is a man who wanders from his home .
this shall be the sign to you from yahweh , that yahweh will do this thing that he has spoken .
his lord was angry , and delivered him to the tormentors , until he should pay all that was due to him .
from out of the populous city , men groan . the soul of the wounded cries out , yet god does n't regard the folly .
joseph went up to bury his father ; and with him went up all the servants of pharaoh , the elders of his house , all the elders of the land of egypt ,
which are black by reason of the ice , in which the snow hides itself :
arise , yahweh , confront him , cast him down . deliver my soul from the wicked by your sword ;
also the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
five of you shall chase a hundred , and a hundred of you shall chase ten thousand ; and your enemies shall fall before you by the sword .
yahweh said to me , they have well said that which they have spoken .
out of the part of the children of judah was the inheritance of the children of simeon ; for the portion of the children of judah was too much for them : therefore the children of simeon had inheritance in the midst of their inheritance .
i will throw abominable filth on you , and make you vile , and will set you a spectacle .
where the birds make their nests . the stork makes its home in the fir trees .
so we , your people and sheep of your pasture , will give you thanks forever . we will praise you forever , to all generations .
wo n't you revive us again , that your people may rejoice in you ?
they recognized him , that it was he who used to sit begging for gifts for the needy at the beautiful gate of the temple . they were filled with wonder and amazement at what had happened to him .
who gives food to every creature ; for his loving kindness endures forever .
when you vow a vow to god , do n't defer to pay it ; for he has no pleasure in fools . pay that which you vow .
you will winnow them , and the wind will carry them away , and the whirlwind will scatter them . you will rejoice in yahweh . you will glory in the holy one of israel .
ah sinful nation , a people loaded with iniquity , a seed of evil - doers , children who deal corruptly ! they have forsaken yahweh . they have despised the holy one of israel . they are estranged and backward .
therefore i love your commandments more than gold , yes , more than pure gold .
there is a league between me and you , as there was between my father and your father : behold , i have sent you silver and gold ; go , break your league with baasha king of israel , that he may depart from me .
therefore thus says yahweh , if you return , then will i bring you again , that you may stand before me ; and if you take forth the precious from the vile , you shall be as my mouth : they shall return to you , but you shall not return to them .
the rich man is wise in his own eyes ; but the poor who has understanding sees through him .
god blessed noah and his sons , and said to them , be fruitful , and multiply , and replenish the earth .
and that we should bring the first fruits of our dough , and our wave offerings , and the fruit of all manner of trees , the new wine and the oil , to the priests , to the chambers of the house of our god ; and the tithes of our ground to the levites ; for they , the levites , take the tithes in all the cities of our tillage .
your name , yahweh , endures forever ; your renown , yahweh , throughout all generations .
but as god is faithful , our word toward you was not yes and no .
my heart overflows with a noble theme . i recite my verses for the king . my tongue is like the pen of a skillful writer .
for as i passed along , and observed the objects of your worship , i found also an altar with this inscription : to an unknown god . ' what therefore you worship in ignorance , this i announce to you .
he alone is my rock and my salvation , my fortress . i will not be shaken .
then after three years i went up to jerusalem to visit peter , and stayed with him fifteen days .
god brings him forth out of egypt ; he has as it were the strength of the wild ox : he shall eat up the nations his adversaries , shall break their bones in pieces , smite them through with his arrows .
then he said to his disciples , the harvest indeed is plentiful , but the laborers are few .
it happened the third day , which was pharaoh 's birthday , that he made a feast for all his servants , and he lifted up the head of the chief cupbearer and the head of the chief baker among his servants .
now a certain man was sick , lazarus from bethany , of the village of mary and her sister , martha .
elijah answered them , if i be a man of god , let fire come down from the sky , and consume you and your fifty . the fire of god came down from the sky , and consumed him and his fifty .
then were the people of israel divided into two parts : half of the people followed tibni the son of ginath , to make him king ; and half followed omri .
when he had found him , he brought him to antioch . it happened , that for a whole year they were gathered together with the assembly , and taught many people . the disciples were first called christians in antioch .
to jesus , the mediator of a new covenant , and to the blood of sprinkling that speaks better than that of abel .
therefore the children of israel ca n't stand before their enemies ; they turn their backs before their enemies , because they are become accursed : i will not be with you any more , except you destroy the devoted thing from among you .
they rose up some time in the morning , and swore one to another . isaac sent them away , and they departed from him in peace .
to caleb the son of jephunneh he gave a portion among the children of judah , according to the commandment of yahweh to joshua , even kiriath arba , which arba was the father of anak ( the same is hebron ) .
listen now to what yahweh says : arise , plead your case before the mountains , and let the hills hear what you have to say .
then samuel told the people the manner of the kingdom , and wrote it in a book , and laid it up before yahweh . samuel sent all the people away , every man to his house .
take wise men of understanding and well known according to your tribes , and i will make them heads over you .
let us consider how to provoke one another to love and good works ,
as he thus made his defense , festus said with a loud voice , paul , you are crazy ! your great learning is driving you insane !
if you see the donkey of him who hates you fallen down under his burden , do n't leave him , you shall surely help him with it .
isaac trembled violently , and said , who , then , is he who has taken venison , and brought it me , and i have eaten of all before you came , and have blessed him ? yes , he will be blessed .
for a righteous man falls seven times , and rises up again ; but the wicked are overthrown by calamity .
hear in heaven , your dwelling place , and do according to all that the foreigner calls to you for ; that all the peoples of the earth may know your name , to fear you , as does your people israel , and that they may know that this house which i have built is called by my name .
leah said , god has given me my hire , because i gave my handmaid to my husband . she named him issachar .
for if you do this thing indeed , then shall there enter in by the gates of this house kings sitting on the throne of david , riding in chariots and on horses , he , and his servants , and his people .
one young bull , one ram , one male lamb a year old , for a burnt offering ;
for he has delivered me out of all trouble . my eye has seen triumph over my enemies .
but yahweh said to samuel , do n't look on his face , or on the height of his stature ; because i have rejected him : for yahweh sees not as man sees ; for man looks at the outward appearance , but yahweh looks at the heart .
if your people israel be struck down before the enemy , because they have sinned against you , and shall turn again and confess your name , and pray and make supplication before you in this house ;
but moses ' hands were heavy ; and they took a stone , and put it under him , and he sat on it . aaron and hur held up his hands , the one on the one side , and the other on the other side . his hands were steady until sunset .
while it is said , today if you will hear his voice , do n't harden your hearts , as in the rebellion .
but if it is stolen from him , he shall make restitution to the owner of it .
then david said to the messenger , thus shall you tell joab , do n't let this thing displease you , for the sword devours one as well as another ; make your battle more strong against the city , and overthrow it : and encourage you him .
that they might keep his statutes , and observe his laws . praise yah !
you shall prepare you the way , and divide the borders of your land , which yahweh your god causes you to inherit , into three parts , that every manslayer may flee there .
for , behold , the kings assembled themselves , they passed by together .
and the haft also went in after the blade ; and the fat closed on the blade , for he did n't draw the sword out of his body ; and it came out behind .
he measured the length of the building before the separate place which was at the back of it , and the galleries of it on the one side and on the other side , one hundred cubits ; and the inner temple , and the porches of the court ;
but paul did n't think that it was a good idea to take with them someone who had withdrawn from them in pamphylia , and did n't go with them to do the work .
they cried to the children of dan . they turned their faces , and said to micah , what ails you , that you come with such a company ?
now i know that yahweh is greater than all gods because of the thing in which they dealt arrogantly against them .
then said samuel , bring you here to me agag the king of the amalekites . agag came to him cheerfully . agag said , surely the bitterness of death is past .
but overthrew pharaoh and his army in the red sea ; for his loving kindness endures forever :
but i will come to you when i have passed through macedonia , for i am passing through macedonia .
jesus cried out and said , whoever believes in me , believes not in me , but in him who sent me .
rejoice always .
as the days of noah were , so will be the coming of the son of man .
woe to those who join house to house , who lay field to field , until there is no room , and you are made to dwell alone in the midst of the land !
the same shall purify himself therewith on the third day , and on the seventh day he shall be clean : but if he does n't purify himself the third day , then the seventh day he shall not be clean .
the disciples came , and said to him , why do you speak to them in parables ?
proclaim this among the nations : prepare for war ! stir up the mighty men . let all the warriors draw near . let them come up .
if he struck him with a stone in the hand , by which a man may die , and he died , he is a murderer : the murderer shall surely be put to death .
because haman the son of hammedatha , the agagite , the enemy of all the jews , had plotted against the jews to destroy them , and had cast pur , that is the lot , to consume them , and to destroy them ;
for it became him , for whom are all things , and through whom are all things , in bringing many children to glory , to make the author of their salvation perfect through sufferings .
they broke down the pillar of baal , and broke down the house of baal , and made it a latrine , to this day .
if the priest looks , and behold , the plague has faded after it is washed , then he shall tear it out of the garment , or out of the skin , or out of the warp , or out of the woof :
he shall kill the bull before yahweh . aaron 's sons , the priests , shall present the blood and sprinkle the blood around on the altar that is at the door of the tent of meeting .
go stand and speak in the temple to the people all the words of this life .
he has brought on them their own iniquity , and will cut them off in their own wickedness . yahweh , our god , will cut them off .
cursed be the day in which i was born : do n't let the day in which my mother bore me be blessed .
to whom we gave no place in the way of subjection , not for an hour , that the truth of the good news might continue with you .
thus says yahweh , behold , i will bring evil on this place , and on the inhabitants of it , even all the curses that are written in the book which they have read before the king of judah .
he called the porters ; and they told it to the king 's household within .
moreover the altar that was at bethel , and the high place which jeroboam the son of nebat , who made israel to sin , had made , even that altar and the high place he broke down ; and he burned the high place and beat it to dust , and burned the asherah .
and the priest shall wave them for a wave offering before yahweh . this is holy for the priest , together with the breast that is waved and the thigh that is offered . after that the nazirite may drink wine .
grace to you and peace from god our father and the lord jesus christ .
why does the wicked person condemn god , and say in his heart , god wo n't call me into account ?
yet if because of food your brother is grieved , you walk no longer in love . do n't destroy with your food him for whom christ died .
who removes the mountains , and they do n't know it , when he overturns them in his anger
for god called us not for uncleanness , but in sanctification .
thus shall you say everyone to his neighbor , and everyone to his brother , what has yahweh answered ? and , what has yahweh spoken ?
to the end he may establish your hearts blameless in holiness before our god and father , at the coming of our lord jesus with all his saints .
deliver me from the workers of iniquity . save me from the bloodthirsty men .
and you shall come to the priests the levites , and to the judge who shall be in those days : and you shall inquire ; and they shall show you the sentence of judgment .
see my hands and my feet , that it is truly me . touch me and see , for a spirit does n't have flesh and bones , as you see that i have .
i cry out to god most high , to god who accomplishes my requests for me .
but they shall serve yahweh their god , and david their king , whom i will raise up to them .
yet yahweh testified to israel , and to judah , by every prophet , and every seer , saying , turn you from your evil ways , and keep my commandments and my statutes , according to all the law which i commanded your fathers , and which i sent to you by my servants the prophets .
jesus said to her , i am he , the one who speaks to you .
so i opened my mouth , and he caused me to eat the scroll .
and what is the exceeding greatness of his power toward us who believe , according to that working of the strength of his might
they said one to another , who has done this thing ? when they inquired and asked , they said , gideon the son of joash has done this thing .
jacob deceived laban the syrian , in that he did n't tell him that he was running away .
the glory of lebanon shall come to you , the fir tree , the pine , and the box tree together , to beautify the place of my sanctuary ; and i will make the place of my feet glorious .
speak to all the people of the land , and to the priests , saying , when you fasted and mourned in the fifth and in the seventh month for these seventy years , did you at all fast to me , really to me ?
whoever desires to be first among you shall be your bondservant ,
lift up your eyes , and see those who come from the north : where is the flock that was given you , your beautiful flock ?
he took a yoke of oxen , and cut them in pieces , and sent them throughout all the borders of israel by the hand of messengers , saying , whoever does n't come forth after saul and after samuel , so shall it be done to his oxen . the dread of yahweh fell on the people , and they came out as one man .
he shall tear it by its wings , but shall not divide it apart . the priest shall burn it on the altar , on the wood that is on the fire . it is a burnt offering , an offering made by fire , of a sweet savor to yahweh .
and give to solomon my son a perfect heart , to keep your commandments , your testimonies , and your statutes , and to do all these things , and to build the palace , for which i have made provision .
deliver me in your righteousness , and rescue me . turn your ear to me , and save me .
remember his marvelous works that he has done ; his wonders , and the judgments of his mouth ,
we have sent therefore judas and silas , who themselves will also tell you the same things by word of mouth .
behold , the day of yahweh comes , cruel , with wrath and fierce anger ; to make the land a desolation , and to destroy its sinners out of it .
he was buried in his tomb in the garden of uzza : and josiah his son reigned in his place .
but it happened in the seventh month , that ishmael the son of nethaniah , the son of elishama , of the royal seed came , and ten men with him , and struck gedaliah , so that he died , and the jews and the chaldeans that were with him at mizpah .
i will tell god , do not condemn me , show me why you contend with me .
the king went forth , and all his household after him . the king left ten women , who were concubines , to keep the house .
only fear yahweh , and serve him in truth with all your heart ; for consider how great things he has done for you .
they brought in the ark of yahweh , and set it in its place , in the midst of the tent that david had pitched for it ; and david offered burnt offerings and peace offerings before yahweh .
god appeared to jacob again , when he came from paddan aram , and blessed him .
surely i will not come into the structure of my house , nor go up into my bed ;
you frustrate the plan of the poor , because yahweh is his refuge .
so also is the resurrection of the dead . it is sown in corruption ; it is raised in incorruption .
but abijah grew mighty , and took to himself fourteen wives , and became the father of twenty - two sons , and sixteen daughters .
this is the bread which comes down out of heaven , that anyone may eat of it and not die .
he said , what is the kingdom of god like ? to what shall i compare it ?
my soul , you have said to yahweh , you are my lord . apart from you i have no good thing .
the younger also bore a son , and called his name ben ammi . he is the father of the children of ammon to this day .
do n't rebuke an older man , but exhort him as a father ; the younger men as brothers ;
therefore they are before the throne of god , they serve him day and night in his temple . he who sits on the throne will spread his tent over them .
give to everyone who asks you , and do n't ask him who takes away your goods to give them back again .
even the censers of these sinners against their own lives ; and let them be made beaten plates for a covering of the altar : for they offered them before yahweh ; therefore they are holy ; and they shall be a sign to the children of israel .
a wicked man receives a bribe in secret , to pervert the ways of justice .
you daughter who dwells in dibon , come down from your glory , and sit in thirst ; for the destroyer of moab is come up against you , he has destroyed your strongholds .
mark well , job , and listen to me : hold your peace , and i will speak .
yahweh 's voice makes the deer calve , and strips the forests bare . in his temple everything says , glory !
yet they seek me daily , and delight to know my ways : as a nation that did righteousness , and did n't forsake the ordinance of their god , they ask of me righteous judgments ; they delight to draw near to god .
and also for the innocent blood that he shed ; for he filled jerusalem with innocent blood : and yahweh would not pardon .
you have sent widows away empty , and the arms of the fatherless have been broken .
i will cast off the remnant of my inheritance , and deliver them into the hand of their enemies ; and they shall become a prey and a spoil to all their enemies ;
then joab came to the king , and said , what have you done ? behold , abner came to you ; why is it that you have sent him away , and he is quite gone ?
the priest shall dip his finger in the blood , and sprinkle some of the blood seven times before yahweh , before the veil of the sanctuary .
but we , brothers , being bereaved of you for a short season , in presence , not in heart , tried even harder to see your face with great desire ,
now no man at the table knew why he said this to him .
if he does n't do these three things for her , she may go free without paying any money .
but you have come to mount zion , and to the city of the living god , the heavenly jerusalem , and to innumerable multitudes of angels ,
and number you an army , like the army that you have lost , horse for horse , and chariot for chariot ; and we will fight against them in the plain , and surely we shall be stronger than they . he listened to their voice , and did so .
now therefore , please pardon my sin , and turn again with me , that i may worship yahweh .
therefore thus says the lord yahweh : your slain whom you have laid in the midst of it , they are the flesh , and this city is the caldron ; but you shall be brought forth out of the midst of it .
the man , the lord of the land , said to us , by this i will know that you are honest men : leave one of your brothers with me , and take grain for the famine of your houses , and go your way .
this greeting is by me , paul , with my own hand .
i will turn your feasts into mourning , and all your songs into lamentation ; and i will make you wear sackcloth on all your bodies , and baldness on every head . i will make it like the mourning for an only son , and the end of it like a bitter day .
for you are the glory of their strength . in your favor , our horn will be exalted .
then isaiah the prophet came to king hezekiah , and asked him , what did these men say ? where did they come from to you ? hezekiah said , they have come from a country far from me , even from babylon .
therefore he who rejects does n't reject man , but god , who has also given his holy spirit to you .
now my soul is poured out within me . days of affliction have taken hold on me .
i saw him come close to the ram , and he was moved with anger against him , and struck the ram , and broke his two horns ; and there was no power in the ram to stand before him ; but he cast him down to the ground , and trampled on him ; and there was none who could deliver the ram out of his hand .
he said , the jews have agreed to ask you to bring paul down to the council tomorrow , as though intending to inquire somewhat more accurately concerning him .
his sons went and held a feast in the house of each one on his birthday ; and they sent and called for their three sisters to eat and to drink with them .
take the millstones , and grind meal ; remove your veil , strip off the train , uncover the leg , pass through the rivers .
most assuredly i tell you , when you were young , you dressed yourself , and walked where you wanted to . but when you are old , you will stretch out your hands , and another will dress you , and carry you where you do n't want to go .
and baalath , and all the storage cities that solomon had , and all the cities for his chariots , and the cities for his horsemen , and all that solomon desired to build for his pleasure in jerusalem , and in lebanon , and in all the land of his dominion .
the word which came to jeremiah from yahweh , after that nebuzaradan the captain of the guard had let him go from ramah , when he had taken him being bound in chains among all the captives of jerusalem and judah , who were carried away captive to babylon .
sit you silent , and get you into darkness , daughter of the chaldeans ; for you shall no more be called the mistress of kingdoms .
i will judge the nation to which they will be in bondage , ' said god , and after that will they come out , and serve me in this place . '
the king 's wrath is like the roaring of a lion , but his favor is like dew on the grass .
so he inquired of them the hour when he began to get better . they said therefore to him , yesterday at the seventh hour , the fever left him .
what then shall we say about these things ? if god is for us , who can be against us ?
cursed be he who takes a bribe to kill an innocent person . all the people shall say , amen .
neither shall you set yourself up a pillar ; which yahweh your god hates .
thus says the lord yahweh : in the day when he went down to sheol i caused a mourning : i covered the deep for him , and i restrained the rivers of it ; and the great waters were stayed ; and i caused lebanon to mourn for him , and all the trees of the field fainted for him .
the wings of the cherubim were twenty cubits long : the wing of the one cherub was five cubits , reaching to the wall of the house ; and the other wing was likewise five cubits , reaching to the wing of the other cherub .
all the inhabitants of egypt will know that i am yahweh , because they have been a staff of reed to the house of israel .
in the uppermost basket there was all kinds of baked food for pharaoh , and the birds ate them out of the basket on my head .
but i tell you that everyone who gazes at a woman to lust after her has committed adultery with her already in his heart .
for we who have believed do enter into that rest , even as he has said , as i swore in my wrath , they will not enter into my rest ; although the works were finished from the foundation of the world .
he killed it ; and moses sprinkled the blood on the altar round about .
jacob said to laban , give me my wife , for my days are fulfilled , that i may go in to her .
now all its carved work they break down with hatchet and hammers .
then you no longer allow him to do anything for his father or his mother ,
the fish gate did the sons of hassenaah build ; they laid the beams of it , and set up the doors of it , the bolts of it , and the bars of it .
the men of the city said to elisha , behold , we pray you , the situation of this city is pleasant , as my lord sees : but the water is bad , and the land miscarries .
yahweh lives ; blessed be my rock ; exalted be god , the rock of my salvation ,
and in ziklag , and in meconah and in the towns of it ,
arise , go to nineveh , that great city , and preach against it , for their wickedness has come up before me .
then he said to him , get up , and go your way . your faith has healed you .
that no advantage may be gained over us by satan ; for we are not ignorant of his schemes .
then these men were bound in their pants , their tunics , and their mantles , and their other garments , and were cast into the midst of the burning fiery furnace .
so the realm of jehoshaphat was quiet ; for his god gave him rest round about .
i have come into my garden , my sister , my bride . i have gathered my myrrh with my spice ; i have eaten my honeycomb with my honey ; i have drunk my wine with my milk . friends eat , friends ! drink , yes , drink abundantly , beloved . beloved
sapphires come from its rocks . it has dust of gold .
wash yourselves , make yourself clean . put away the evil of your doings from before my eyes ; cease to do evil .
the jews therefore contended with one another , saying , how can this man give us his flesh to eat ?
their buds and their branches were of one piece with it . the whole thing was one beaten work of pure gold .
but , beloved , we are persuaded of better things for you , and things that accompany salvation , even though we speak like this .
the enemy who sowed them is the devil . the harvest is the end of the age , and the reapers are angels .
they told the mountains and the rocks , fall on us , and hide us from the face of him who sits on the throne , and from the wrath of the lamb ,
behold , you are of nothing , and your work is of nothing . he who chooses you is an abomination .
therefore you need to be in subjection , not only because of the wrath , but also for conscience ' sake .
he calls to the heavens above , to the earth , that he may judge his people :
the bull for the sin offering , and the goat for the sin offering , whose blood was brought in to make atonement in the holy place , shall be carried forth outside the camp ; and they shall burn their skins , their flesh , and their dung with fire .
by this we know love , because he laid down his life for us . and we ought to lay down our lives for the brothers .
he brought all the priests out of the cities of judah , and defiled the high places where the priests had burned incense , from geba to beersheba ; and he broke down the high places of the gates that were at the entrance of the gate of joshua the governor of the city , which were on a man 's left hand at the gate of the city .
the man of god sent to the king of israel , saying , beware that you not pass such a place ; for there the syrians are coming down .
then the people rejoiced , because they offered willingly , because with a perfect heart they offered willingly to yahweh : and david the king also rejoiced with great joy .
let your kingdom come . let your will be done , as in heaven , so on earth .
the gate of the outer court whose prospect is toward the north , he measured the length of it and the breadth of it .
therefore in one day her plagues will come : death , mourning , and famine ; and she will be utterly burned with fire ; for the lord god who has judged her is strong .
he sought ahaziah , and they caught him ( now he was hiding in samaria ) , and they brought him to jehu , and killed him ; and they buried him , for they said , he is the son of jehoshaphat , who sought yahweh with all his heart . the house of ahaziah had no power to hold the kingdom .
to execute vengeance on the nations , and punishments on the peoples ;
i had heard of you by the hearing of the ear , but now my eye sees you .
if my heart has been enticed to a woman , and i have laid wait at my neighbor 's door ;
a stone is heavy , and sand is a burden ; but a fool 's provocation is heavier than both .
among the bushes they bray ; and under the nettles they are gathered together .
the fear of yahweh is the beginning of knowledge ; but the foolish despise wisdom and instruction .
you , being in past times alienated and enemies in your mind in your evil works ,
and the rest grabbed his servants , and treated them shamefully , and killed them .
also her hired men in the midst of her are like calves of the stall ; for they also are turned back , they are fled away together , they did n't stand : for the day of their calamity is come on them , the time of their visitation .
that the man of god may be complete , thoroughly equipped for every good work .
i will record rahab and babylon among those who acknowledge me . behold , philistia , tyre , and also ethiopia : this one was born there .
jesus , answering , began to tell them , be careful that no one leads you astray .
faithful is he who calls you , who will also do it .
there was a certain man of zorah , of the family of the danites , whose name was manoah ; and his wife was barren , and did n't bear .
what agreement has christ with belial ? or what portion has a believer with an unbeliever ?
then said he to me , the north chambers and the south chambers , which are before the separate place , they are the holy chambers , where the priests who are near to yahweh shall eat the most holy things : there shall they lay the most holy things , and the meal offering , and the sin offering , and the trespass offering ; for the place is holy .
the way of an eagle in the air ; the way of a serpent on a rock ; the way of a ship in the midst of the sea ; and the way of a man with a maiden .
the anger of yahweh was kindled against israel , and he delivered them into the hands of spoilers who despoiled them ; and he sold them into the hands of their enemies round about , so that they could not any longer stand before their enemies .
one shall say , i am yahweh 's ; and another shall call himself by the name of jacob ; and another shall subscribe with his hand to yahweh , and surname himself by the name of israel .
why are you in despair , my soul ? why are you disturbed within me ? hope in god ! for i shall still praise him : my savior , my helper , and my god .
if it is so that you have heard of the administration of that grace of god which was given me toward you ;
but peter was standing at the door outside . so the other disciple , who was known to the high priest , went out and spoke to her who kept the door , and brought in peter .
stolen water is sweet . food eaten in secret is pleasant .
i did n't know him , but for this reason i came baptizing in water : that he would be revealed to israel .
you did establish to yourself your people israel to be a people to you forever ; and you , yahweh , became their god .
husbands , love your wives , even as christ also loved the assembly , and gave himself up for it ;
by the border of asher , from the east side even to the west side , naphtali , one portion .
and they took their daughters to be their wives , and gave their own daughters to their sons and served their gods .
but oh that god would speak , and open his lips against you ,
the priest shall take some of the blood of the sin offering with his finger , and put it on the horns of the altar of burnt offering . he shall pour out the rest of its blood at the base of the altar of burnt offering .
they cried , but there was none to save ; even to yahweh , but he did n't answer them .
these are they whom yahweh commanded to divide the inheritance to the children of israel in the land of canaan .
and walked in the statutes of the nations , whom yahweh cast out from before the children of israel , and of the kings of israel , which they made .
they shall make an ark of acacia wood . its length shall be two and a half cubits , its breadth a cubit and a half , and a cubit and a half its height .
what more shall i say ? for the time would fail me if i told of gideon , barak , samson , jephthah , david , samuel , and the prophets ;
he said to them , why do they say that the christ is david 's son ?
the length of each curtain shall be twenty - eight cubits , and the breadth of each curtain four cubits : all the curtains shall have one measure .
hear instruction , and be wise . do n't refuse it .
who his own self bore our sins in his body on the tree , that we , having died to sins , might live to righteousness ; by whose stripes you were healed .
even so you also , when you have done all the things that are commanded you , say , we are unworthy servants . we have done our duty . '
now i have become their song . yes , i am a byword to them .
speak to the congregation , saying , get away from around the tent of korah , dathan , and abiram .
only the firstborn among animals , which is made a firstborn to yahweh , no man may dedicate it ; whether an ox or sheep , it is yahweh 's .
who were snatched away before their time , whose foundation was poured out as a stream ,
now therefore the wheat and the barley , the oil and the wine , which my lord has spoken of , let him send to his servants :
he said to them , but who do you say that i am ? peter answered , you are the christ .
paul , called to be an apostle of jesus christ through the will of god , and our brother sosthenes ,
neither shall they defile themselves any more with their idols , nor with their detestable things , nor with any of their transgressions ; but i will save them out of all their dwelling places , in which they have sinned , and will cleanse them : so shall they be my people , and i will be their god .
but you have dishonored the poor man . do n't the rich oppress you , and personally drag you before the courts ?
daughter of my people , gird you with sackcloth , and wallow yourself in ashes : make you mourning , as for an only son , most bitter lamentation ; for the destroyer shall suddenly come on us .
now jesus had spoken of his death , but they thought that he spoke of taking rest in sleep .
he built altars in the house of yahweh , of which yahweh said , in jerusalem will i put my name .
he shall cleanse the house with the blood of the bird , and with the running water , with the living bird , with the cedar wood , with the hyssop , and with the scarlet ;
and wine for the drink offering , the fourth part of a hin , shall you prepare with the burnt offering , or for the sacrifice , for each lamb .
you shall put it on a lace of blue , and it shall be on the sash ; on the front of the sash it shall be .
after this did sennacherib king of assyria send his servants to jerusalem , ( now he was before lachish , and all his power with him ) , to hezekiah king of judah , and to all judah who were at jerusalem , saying ,
yes , i am as a man who does n't hear , in whose mouth are no reproofs .
paul , a servant of god , and an apostle of jesus christ , according to the faith of god 's chosen ones , and the knowledge of the truth which is according to godliness ,
the altar also was torn , and the ashes poured out from the altar , according to the sign which the man of god had given by the word of yahweh .
i am no more worthy to be called your son . make me as one of your hired servants . '
therefore , behold , i am against the prophets , says yahweh , who steal my words everyone from his neighbor .
when a south wind blows , you say , there will be a scorching heat , ' and it happens .
joab the son of zeruiah began to number , but did n't finish ; and there came wrath for this on israel ; neither was the number put into the account in the chronicles of king david .
beloved , while i was very eager to write to you about our common salvation , i was constrained to write to you exhorting you to contend earnestly for the faith which was once for all delivered to the saints .
this saying is faithful , and concerning these things i desire that you affirm confidently , so that those who have believed god may be careful to maintain good works . these things are good and profitable to men ;
and said , i have sworn by myself , says yahweh , because you have done this thing , and have not withheld your son , your only son ,
praying together for us also , that god may open to us a door for the word , to speak the mystery of christ , for which i am also in bonds ;
yahweh said to moses , put back the rod of aaron before the testimony , to be kept for a token against the children of rebellion ; that you may make an end of their murmurings against me , that they not die .
and begged him much , saying , my little daughter is at the point of death . please come and lay your hands on her , that she may be made healthy , and live .
these three men , shadrach , meshach , and abednego , fell down bound into the midst of the burning fiery furnace .
and to offer all burnt offerings to yahweh , on the sabbaths , on the new moons , and on the set feasts , in number according to the ordinance concerning them , continually before yahweh ;
they run like mighty men . they climb the wall like warriors . they each march in his line , and they do n't swerve off course .
for it seems to me unreasonable , in sending a prisoner , not to also specify the charges against him .
while they were yet talking with him , came the king 's chamberlains , and hurried to bring haman to the banquet that esther had prepared .
so absalom fled , and went to geshur , and was there three years .
you shall say , thus says the lord yahweh : a city that sheds blood in the midst of her , that her time may come , and that makes idols against herself to defile her !
herewith shall aaron come into the sanctuary : with a young bull for a sin offering , and a ram for a burnt offering .
let them be before yahweh continually , that he may cut off the memory of them from the earth ;
joseph answered pharaoh , saying , it is n't in me . god will give pharaoh an answer of peace .
we know that the son of god has come , and has given us an understanding , that we know him who is true , and we are in him who is true , in his son jesus christ . this is the true god , and eternal life .
absalom said moreover , oh that i were made judge in the land , that every man who has any suit or cause might come to me , and i would do him justice !
it happened on the seventh day , that they rose early at the dawning of the day , and compassed the city after the same manner seven times : only on the day they compassed the city seven times .
this is what yahweh of armies says : consider your ways .
but ships shall come from the coast of kittim , they shall afflict asshur , and shall afflict eber ; he also shall come to destruction .
the priest shall take some of the log of oil , and pour it into the palm of his own left hand .
the heads of the fathers ' houses of the family of the children of gilead , the son of machir , the son of manasseh , of the families of the sons of joseph , came near , and spoke before moses , and before the princes , the heads of the fathers ' houses of the children of israel :
therefore leaving the doctrine of the first principles of christ , let us press on to perfectionnot laying again a foundation of repentance from dead works , of faith toward god ,
if i would count them , they are more in number than the sand . when i wake up , i am still with you .
the god of this people chose our fathers , and exalted the people when they stayed as aliens in the land of egypt , and with an uplifted arm , he led them out of it .
he has on his garment and on his thigh a name written , king of kings , and lord of lords .
pharaoh called for moses and for aaron , and said , go , sacrifice to your god in the land !
moreover by them is your servant warned . in keeping them there is great reward .
now when they had departed , behold , an angel of the lord appeared to joseph in a dream , saying , arise and take the young child and his mother , and flee into egypt , and stay there until i tell you , for herod will seek the young child to destroy him .
if i have said to corruption , you are my father ; ' to the worm , my mother , ' and my sister ; '
as the waters fail from the sea , and the river wastes and dries up ,
in that day , this song will be sung in the land of judah : we have a strong city . god appoints salvation for walls and bulwarks .
i have laid a snare for you , and you are also taken , babylon , and you were n't aware : you are found , and also caught , because you have striven against yahweh .
did you suffer so many things in vain , if it is indeed in vain ?
she said to her , all that you say i will do .
ahimaaz called , and said to the king , all is well . he bowed himself before the king with his face to the earth , and said , blessed be yahweh your god , who has delivered up the men who lifted up their hand against my lord the king .
now we who are strong ought to bear the weaknesses of the weak , and not to please ourselves .
and the gates of the city shall be after the names of the tribes of israel , three gates northward : the gate of reuben , one ; the gate of judah , one ; the gate of levi , one .
jehoiakim was twenty - five years old when he began to reign ; and he reigned eleven years in jerusalem : and his mother 's name was zebidah the daughter of pedaiah of rumah .
and when they had eaten them up , it could n't be known that they had eaten them , but they were still ugly , as at the beginning . so i awoke .
on the fifth day shelumiel the son of zurishaddai , prince of the children of simeon
he said , come with me , and see my zeal for yahweh . so they made him ride in his chariot .
he took up his parable , and said , balaam the son of beor says , the man whose eye was closed says ;
the hail struck throughout all the land of egypt all that was in the field , both man and animal ; and the hail struck every herb of the field , and broke every tree of the field .
the captain of the guard assigned them to joseph , and he took care of them . they stayed in prison many days .
your servant is in the midst of your people which you have chosen , a great people , that ca n't be numbered nor counted for multitude .
we see no miraculous signs . there is no longer any prophet , neither is there among us anyone who knows how long .
they said , an egyptian delivered us out of the hand of the shepherds , and moreover he drew water for us , and watered the flock .
i will get up now , and go about the city ; in the streets and in the squares i will seek him whom my soul loves . i sought him , but i did n't find him .
the appearance of the glory of yahweh was like devouring fire on the top of the mountain in the eyes of the children of israel .
yes , many peoples and strong nations will come to seek yahweh of armies in jerusalem , and to entreat the favor of yahweh .
take a census of all the congregation of the children of israel , by their families , by their fathers ' houses , according to the number of the names , every male , one by one ;
remember therefore from where you have fallen , and repent and do the first works ; or else i am coming to you swiftly , and will move your lampstand out of its place , unless you repent .
it happened , when all who knew him before saw that , behold , he prophesied with the prophets , then the people said one to another , what is this that is come to the son of kish ? is saul also among the prophets ?
i will bless yahweh at all times . his praise will always be in my mouth .
if a stranger lives as a foreigner with you , or whoever may be among you throughout your generations , and will offer an offering made by fire , of a sweet savor to yahweh ; as you do , so he shall do .
they said one to another , come , let 's make bricks , and burn them thoroughly . they had brick for stone , and they used tar for mortar .
yahweh said to samuel , listen to their voice , and make them a king . samuel said to the men of israel , go you every man to his city .
with his own hands he shall bring the offerings of yahweh made by fire . he shall bring the fat with the breast , that the breast may be waved for a wave offering before yahweh .
gather the pieces of it into it , even every good piece , the thigh , and the shoulder ; fill it with the choice bones .
who has not eaten on the mountains , neither has lifted up his eyes to the idols of the house of israel , has not defiled his neighbor 's wife ,
therefore i will make samaria like a rubble heap of the field , like places for planting vineyards ; and i will pour down its stones into the valley , and i will uncover its foundations .
now before this , eliashib the priest , who was appointed over the chambers of the house of our god , being allied to tobiah ,
woe to us ! who shall deliver us out of the hand of these mighty gods ? these are the gods that struck the egyptians with all manner of plagues in the wilderness .
he who sits in the heavens will laugh . the lord will have them in derision .
but i make known to you , brothers , concerning the good news which was preached by me , that it is not according to man .
and say , you mountains of israel , hear the word of the lord yahweh : thus says the lord yahweh to the mountains and to the hills , to the watercourses and to the valleys : behold , i , even i , will bring a sword on you , and i will destroy your high places .
her parents were amazed , but he charged them to tell no one what had been done .
it happened , when he had made an end of speaking to saul , that the soul of jonathan was knit with the soul of david , and jonathan loved him as his own soul .
therefore i am full of the wrath of yahweh ; i am weary with holding in : pour it out on the children in the street , and on the assembly of young men together ; for even the husband with the wife shall be taken , the aged with him who is full of days .
this is the portion of a wicked man from god , the heritage appointed to him by god .
i will put my spirit within you , and cause you to walk in my statutes , and you shall keep my ordinances , and do them .
pilate again asked them , what then should i do to him whom you call the king of the jews ?
let him give his cheek to him who strikes him ; let him be filled full with reproach .
but the things which god announced by the mouth of all his prophets , that christ should suffer , he thus fulfilled .
her husband went with her , weeping as he went , and followed her to bahurim . then said abner to him , go , return : and he returned .
then said he to me , the iniquity of the house of israel and judah is exceeding great , and the land is full of blood , and the city full of wrestling of judgment : for they say , yahweh has forsaken the land , and yahweh does n't see .
yet to us there is one god , the father , of whom are all things , and we for him ; and one lord , jesus christ , through whom are all things , and we live through him .
you shall make the fiftieth year holy , and proclaim liberty throughout the land to all its inhabitants . it shall be a jubilee to you ; and each of you shall return to his own property , and each of you shall return to his family .
my son , if you have become collateral for your neighbor , if you have struck your hands in pledge for a stranger ;
the word which came to jeremiah from yahweh in the days of jehoiakim the son of josiah , king of judah , saying ,
he put away the sodomites out of the land , and removed all the idols that his fathers had made .
so gad came to david , and said to him , thus says yahweh , take which you will :
there came to him a leper , begging him , kneeling down to him , and saying to him , if you want to , you can make me clean .
or how can one enter into the house of the strong man , and plunder his goods , unless he first bind the strong man ? then he will plunder his house .
then i was the craftsman by his side . i was a delight day by day , always rejoicing before him ,
the beginning of the words of his mouth is foolishness ; and the end of his talk is mischievous madness .
pharaoh 's daughter said to her , take this child away , and nurse him for me , and i will give you your wages . the woman took the child , and nursed it .
for my angel shall go before you , and bring you in to the amorite , the hittite , the perizzite , the canaanite , the hivite , and the jebusite ; and i will cut them off .
of the children of judah , their generations , by their families , by their fathers ' houses , according to the number of the names , from twenty years old and upward , all who were able to go out to war ;
who can stand before his indignation ? who can endure the fierceness of his anger ? his wrath is poured out like fire , and the rocks are broken apart by him .
let us search and try our ways , and turn again to yahweh .
hear my prayer , yahweh , and give ear to my cry . do n't be silent at my tears . for i am a stranger with you , a foreigner , as all my fathers were .
there was no passover like that kept in israel from the days of samuel the prophet ; neither did any of the kings of israel keep such a passover as josiah kept , and the priests , and the levites , and all judah and israel who were present , and the inhabitants of jerusalem .
greet urbanus , our fellow worker in christ , and stachys , my beloved .
in the four corners of the court there were courts enclosed , forty cubits long and thirty broad : these four in the corners were of one measure .
laban said , behold , i desire it to be according to your word .
then job answered yahweh ,
they beat down the cities ; and on every good piece of land they cast every man his stone , and filled it ; and they stopped all the springs of water , and felled all the good trees , until in kir hareseth only they left the stones of it ; however the men armed with slings went about it , and struck it .
i came to throw fire on the earth . i wish it were already kindled .
in those days , and at that time , will i cause a branch of righteousness to grow up to david ; and he shall execute justice and righteousness in the land .
even three thousand talents of gold , of the gold of ophir , and seven thousand talents of refined silver , with which to overlay the walls of the houses ;
now when ebedmelech the ethiopian , a eunuch , who was in the king 's house , heard that they had put jeremiah in the dungeon ( the king then sitting in the gate of benjamin ) ,
for this cause the woman ought to have authority on her head , because of the angels .
why have n't you eaten the sin offering in the place of the sanctuary , seeing it is most holy , and he has given it you to bear the iniquity of the congregation , to make atonement for them before yahweh ?
ephraim is oppressed , he is crushed in judgment ; because he is intent in his pursuit of idols .
when rachel saw that she bore jacob no children , rachel envied her sister . she said to jacob , give me children , or else i will die .
he arose , and ate and drink , and went in the strength of that food forty days and forty nights to horeb the mount of god .
if i have withheld the poor from their desire , or have caused the eyes of the widow to fail ,
do n't love the world , neither the things that are in the world . if anyone loves the world , the father 's love is n't in him .
i will gather all nations , and will bring them down into the valley of jehoshaphat ; and i will execute judgment on them there for my people , and for my heritage , israel , whom they have scattered among the nations . they have divided my land ,
he said also to me , you shall again see yet other great abominations which they do .
what you know , i know also . i am not inferior to you .
then the heavens and the earth , and all that is therein , shall sing for joy over babylon ; for the destroyers shall come to her from the north , says yahweh .
after saying goodbye to each other , we went on board the ship , and they returned home again .
who does n't know that in all these , the hand of yahweh has done this ,
but now yahweh has spoken , saying , within three years , as a worker bound by contract would count them , the glory of moab shall be brought into contempt , with all his great multitude ; and the remnant will be very small and feeble .
when they told it to david , he sent to meet them ; for the men were greatly ashamed . the king said , wait at jericho until your beards be grown , and then return .
many will stumble over it , fall , be broken , be snared , and be captured .
as they went up the ascent to the city , they found young maidens going out to draw water , and said to them , is the seer here ?
after supper , the devil having already put into the heart of judas iscariot , simon 's son , to betray him ,
i will cause it to go out , says yahweh of armies , and it will enter into the house of the thief , and into the house of him who swears falsely by my name ; and it will remain in the midst of his house , and will destroy it with its timber and its stones .
they will only bow down under the prisoners , and will fall under the slain . for all this his anger is not turned away , but his hand is stretched out still .
bathsheba therefore went to king solomon , to speak to him for adonijah . the king rose up to meet her , and bowed himself to her , and sat down on his throne , and caused a throne to be set for the king 's mother ; and she sat on his right hand .
speak to rehoboam the son of solomon , king of judah , and to all the house of judah and benjamin , and to the rest of the people , saying ,
moses got him into the camp , he and the elders of israel .
what value does the engraved image have , that its maker has engraved it ; the molten image , even the teacher of lies , that he who fashions its form trusts in it , to make mute idols ?
you shall rejoice in all the good which yahweh your god has given to you , and to your house , you , and the levite , and the foreigner who is in the midst of you .
the servants of amon conspired against him , and put the king to death in his own house .
for i have not lived in a house since the day that i brought up israel , to this day , but have gone from tent to tent , and from one tent to another .
but the very hairs of your head are all numbered .
the daughter of any priest , if she profanes herself by playing the prostitute , she profanes her father : she shall be burned with fire .
another sign was seen in heaven . behold , a great red dragon , having seven heads and ten horns , and on his heads seven crowns .
but when the assembly is to be gathered together , you shall blow , but you shall not sound an alarm .
jacob awakened out of his sleep , and he said , surely yahweh is in this place , and i did n't know it .
you , in your loving kindness , have led the people that you have redeemed . you have guided them in your strength to your holy habitation .
not only so , but who was also appointed by the assemblies to travel with us in this grace , which is served by us to the glory of the lord himself , and to show our readiness .
it happened , as they traveled east , that they found a plain in the land of shinar , and they lived there .
take heed in the plague of leprosy , that you observe diligently , and do according to all that the priests the levites shall teach you : as i commanded them , so you shall observe to do .
i have spread out my hands all the day to a rebellious people , who walk in a way that is not good , after their own thoughts ;
he said to them , whoever divorces his wife , and marries another , commits adultery against her .
a fire was kindled in their company . the flame burned up the wicked .
when he was in distress , he begged yahweh his god , and humbled himself greatly before the god of his fathers .
the priest shall come again on the seventh day , and look . if the plague has spread in the walls of the house ,
in the feasts and in the solemnities the meal offering shall be an ephah for a bull , and an ephah for a ram , and for the lambs as he is able to give , and a hin of oil to an ephah .
because of all the evil of the children of israel and of the children of judah , which they have done to provoke me to anger , they , their kings , their princes , their priests , and their prophets , and the men of judah , and the inhabitants of jerusalem .
because , even because they have seduced my people , saying , peace ; and there is no peace ; and when one builds up a wall , behold , they daub it with whitewash :
aaron did so . he lit its lamps to light the area in front of the lampstand , as yahweh commanded moses .
on the first day of unleavened bread , when they sacrificed the passover , his disciples asked him , where do you want us to go and make ready that you may eat the passover ?
then will i bring you down with those who descend into the pit , to the people of old time , and will make you to dwell in the lower parts of the earth , in the places that are desolate of old , with those who go down to the pit , that you be not inhabited ; and i will set glory in the land of the living :
but yahweh reigns forever . he has prepared his throne for judgment .
then eliakim the son of hilkiah , who was over the household , and shebna the scribe , and joah , the son of asaph , the recorder came out to him .
jehu gathered all the people together , and said to them , ahab served baal a little ; but jehu will serve him much .
but i trust in the lord that i myself also will come shortly .
woe to her who is rebellious and polluted , the oppressing city !
most assuredly i tell you , all these things will come upon this generation .
the heart of the wise is in the house of mourning ; but the heart of fools is in the house of mirth .
but all this has happened , that the scriptures of the prophets might be fulfilled . then all the disciples left him , and fled .
for israel has behaved extremely stubbornly , like a stubborn heifer . then how will yahweh feed them like a lamb in a meadow .
when peter knocked at the door of the gate , a maid named rhoda came to answer .
the angel of yahweh found her by a fountain of water in the wilderness , by the fountain in the way to shur .
now you are releasing your servant , master , according to your word , in peace ;
behold , rebekah is before you . take her , and go , and let her be your master 's son 's wife , as yahweh has spoken .
a truthful witness will not lie , but a false witness pours out lies .
after these things did king ahasuerus promote haman the son of hammedatha the agagite , and advanced him , and set his seat above all the princes who were with him .
for both prophet and priest are profane ; yes , in my house have i found their wickedness , says yahweh .
cornelius said , four days ago , i was fasting until this hour , and at the ninth hour , i prayed in my house , and behold , a man stood before me in bright clothing ,
and they set them up pillars and asherim on every high hill , and under every green tree ;
but every man 's servant who is bought for money , when you have circumcised him , then shall he eat of it .
yet shall he be borne to the grave , men shall keep watch over the tomb .
if he finds it , most assuredly i tell you , he rejoices over it more than over the ninety - nine which have not gone astray .
tell your children about it , and have your children tell their children , and their children , another generation .
he sent out his servant at supper time to tell those who were invited , come , for everything is ready now . '
and saul cast the spear ; for he said , i will strike david even to the wall . david avoided out of his presence twice .
behold , these caused the children of israel , through the counsel of balaam , to commit trespass against yahweh in the matter of peor , and so the plague was among the congregation of yahweh .
not to be quickly shaken in your mind , nor yet be troubled , either by spirit , or by word , or by letter as from us , saying that the day of christ had come .
the horses which solomon had were brought out of egypt ; and the king 's merchants received them in droves , each drove at a price .
yet have you not walked in their ways , nor done after their abominations ; but , as if that were a very little thing , you were more corrupt than they in all your ways .
he will redeem their soul from oppression and violence . their blood will be precious in his sight .
then the channels of waters appeared , the foundations of the world were laid bare at your rebuke , yahweh , at the blast of the breath of your nostrils .
it came to pass , when the priests were come out of the holy place , that the cloud filled the house of yahweh ,
and he sent forth a raven . it went back and forth , until the waters were dried up from the earth .
listen , sons , to a father 's instruction . pay attention and know understanding ;
his concubine played the prostitute against him , and went away from him to her father 's house to bethlehem judah , and was there the space of four months .
behold , these are but the outskirts of his ways . how small a whisper do we hear of him ! but the thunder of his power who can understand ?
afterward , says yahweh , i will deliver zedekiah king of judah , and his servants , and the people , even such as are left in this city from the pestilence , from the sword , and from the famine , into the hand of nebuchadnezzar king of babylon , and into the hand of their enemies , and into the hand of those who seek their life : and he shall strike them with the edge of the sword ; he shall not spare them , neither have pity , nor have mercy .
for in him we live , and move , and have our being . ' as some of your own poets have said , for we are also his offspring . '
now in the twelfth month , which is the month adar , on the thirteenth day of the same , when the king 's commandment and his decree drew near to be put in execution , on the day that the enemies of the jews hoped to have rule over them , ( whereas it was turned to the contrary , that the jews had rule over those who hated them ) ,
i am afraid of all my sorrows , i know that you will not hold me innocent .
as he was praying , the appearance of his face was altered , and his clothing became white and dazzling .
let your wives keep silent in the assemblies , for it has not been permitted for them to speak ; but let them be in subjection , as the law also says .
as in the overthrow of sodom and gomorrah and the neighbor cities of it , says yahweh , no man shall dwell there , neither shall any son of man sojourn therein .
you shall keep his statutes , and his commandments , which i command you this day , that it may go well with you , and with your children after you , and that you may prolong your days in the land , which yahweh your god gives you , forever .
then king rehoboam sent adoram , who was over the men subject to forced labor ; and all israel stoned him to death with stones . king rehoboam made speed to get him up to his chariot , to flee to jerusalem .
oh give thanks to yahweh ; for he is good ; for his loving kindness endures forever .
by which he has granted to us his precious and exceedingly great promises ; that through these you may become partakers of the divine nature , having escaped from the corruption that is in the world by lust .
jarmuth with its suburbs , en gannim with its suburbs ; four cities .
but yahweh 's loving kindness is from everlasting to everlasting with those who fear him , his righteousness to children 's children ;
that we also may be like all the nations , and that our king may judge us , and go out before us , and fight our battles .
we are fools for christ 's sake , but you are wise in christ . we are weak , but you are strong . you have honor , but we have dishonor .
watch you , and keep them , until you weigh them before the chiefs of the priests and the levites , and the princes of the fathers ' houses of israel , at jerusalem , in the chambers of the house of yahweh .
peter , an apostle of jesus christ , to the chosen ones who are living as strangers in the dispersion in pontus , galatia , cappadocia , asia , and bithynia ,
their heart is divided . now they will be found guilty . he will demolish their altars . he will destroy their sacred stones .
nobah went and took kenath , and the villages of it , and called it nobah , after his own name .
yahweh , your word is settled in heaven forever .
now i rejoice in my sufferings for your sake , and fill up on my part that which is lacking of the afflictions of christ in my flesh for his body 's sake , which is the assembly ;
the ways of the scoundrel are evil . he devises wicked devices to destroy the humble with lying words , even when the needy speaks right .
the word that came to jeremiah from yahweh in the tenth year of zedekiah king of judah , which was the eighteenth year of nebuchadnezzar .
blessed is the man who does n't walk in the counsel of the wicked , nor stand in the way of sinners , nor sit in the seat of scoffers ;
benjamin went forth against them out of gibeah the second day , and destroyed down to the ground of the children of israel again eighteen thousand men ; all these drew the sword .
that you may be children of your father who is in heaven . for he makes his sun to rise on the evil and the good , and sends rain on the just and the unjust .
you , god , sent a plentiful rain . you confirmed your inheritance , when it was weary .
because of the multitude of the prostitution of the alluring prostitute , the mistress of witchcraft , who sells nations through her prostitution , and families through her witchcraft .
the princes of judah , and the princes of jerusalem , the eunuchs , and the priests , and all the people of the land , who passed between the parts of the calf ;
jacob said , swear to me first . he swore to him . he sold his birthright to jacob .
then david said , none ought to carry the ark of god but the levites : for them has yahweh chosen to carry the ark of god , and to minister to him forever .
after he had sent the multitudes away , he went up into the mountain by himself to pray . when evening had come , he was there alone .
behold , because yahweh has given you the sabbath , therefore he gives you on the sixth day the bread of two days . everyone stay in his place . let no one go out of his place on the seventh day .
he said to them , my soul is exceedingly sorrowful , even to death . stay here , and watch .
the priest shall write these curses in a book , and he shall blot them out into the water of bitterness .
as if a man fled from a lion , and a bear met him ; or he went into the house and leaned his hand on the wall , and a snake bit him .
that you wo n't be sluggish , but imitators of those who through faith and patience inherited the promises .
six days you shall eat unleavened bread ; and on the seventh day shall be a solemn assembly to yahweh your god ; you shall do no work therein .
then he brought me by the way of the north gate before the house ; and i looked , and behold , the glory of yahweh filled the house of yahweh : and i fell on my face .
the anger of yahweh was kindled against israel ; and he said , because this nation have transgressed my covenant which i commanded their fathers , and have not listened to my voice ;
they said , come , let 's build ourselves a city , and a tower whose top reaches to the sky , and let 's make ourselves a name , lest we be scattered abroad on the surface of the whole earth .
for you have girded me with strength to the battle ; you have subdued under me those who rose up against me .
teacher , which is the greatest commandment in the law ?
over against the twenty cubits which belonged to the inner court , and over against the pavement which belonged to the outer court , was gallery against gallery in the third story .
therefore yahweh , the god of israel , says , i said indeed that your house , and the house of your father , should walk before me forever : but now yahweh says , be it far from me ; for those who honor me i will honor , and those who despise me shall be lightly esteemed .
therefore , as for you , let that remain in you which you heard from the beginning . if that which you heard from the beginning remains in you , you also will remain in the son , and in the father .
they shall carry the curtains of the tabernacle , and the tent of meeting , its covering , and the covering of sealskin that is above on it , and the screen for the door of the tent of meeting ,
and the food of his table , and the sitting of his servants , and the attendance of his ministers , and their clothing , and his cup bearers , and his ascent by which he went up to the house of yahweh ; there was no more spirit in her .
for this is not that others may be eased and you distressed ,
and beyond the jordan at jericho , on the east side of the jordan , were given them , out of the tribe of reuben , bezer in the wilderness with its suburbs , and jahzah with its suburbs ,
the length of each curtain was thirty cubits , and four cubits the breadth of each curtain . the eleven curtains had one measure .
those who know your name will put their trust in you , for you , yahweh , have not forsaken those who seek you .
the lord said to him , arise , and go to the street which is called straight , and inquire in the house of judas for one named saul , a man of tarsus . for behold , he is praying ,
he carved all the walls of the house round about with carved figures of cherubim and palm trees and open flowers , inside and outside .
they are bowed down and fallen , but we rise up , and stand upright .
then the chiefs of edom were dismayed . trembling takes hold of the mighty men of moab . all the inhabitants of canaan are melted away .
the multitude , crying aloud , began to ask him to do as he always did for them .
he received what they handed him , and fashioned it with an engraving tool , and made it a molten calf ; and they said , these are your gods , israel , which brought you up out of the land of egypt .
behold , they spew with their mouth . swords are in their lips , for , they say , who hears us ?
but speaking truth in love , we may grow up in all things into him , who is the head , christ ;
he answered arioch the king 's captain , why is the decree so urgent from the king ? then arioch made the thing known to daniel .
she conceived again , and bore a son . she said , this time will i praise yahweh . therefore she named him judah . then she stopped bearing .
before the mountains were settled in place , before the hills , i was brought forth ;
but it is always good to be zealous in a good cause , and not only when i am present with you .
joseph found favor in his sight . he ministered to him , and he made him overseer over his house , and all that he had he put into his hand .
for it is n't the hearers of the law who are righteous before god , but the doers of the law will be justified
having many things to write to you , i do n't want to do so with paper and ink , but i hope to come to you , and to speak face to face , that our joy may be made full .
he killed james , the brother of john , with the sword .
they will not drink wine with a song . strong drink will be bitter to those who drink it .
yahweh has made known his salvation . he has openly shown his righteousness in the sight of the nations .
of whom is hymenaeus and alexander ; whom i delivered to satan , that they might be taught not to blaspheme .
then said zebul to him , where is now your mouth , that you said , who is abimelech , that we should serve him ? is not this the people that you have despised ? go out now , i pray , and fight with them .
the king 's servants said to him , behold , haman stands in the court . the king said , let him come in .
out of the north comes golden splendor ; with god is awesome majesty .
within two full years will i bring again into this place all the vessels of yahweh 's house , that nebuchadnezzar king of babylon took away from this place , and carried to babylon :
but if her husband made them null and void in the day that he heard them , then whatever proceeded out of her lips concerning her vows , or concerning the bond of her soul , shall not stand : her husband has made them void ; and yahweh will forgive her .
he said to them , out of the eater came forth food , out of the strong came forth sweetness . they could n't in three days declare the riddle .
then he took his eldest son who would have reigned in his place , and offered him for a burnt offering on the wall . there was great wrath against israel : and they departed from him , and returned to their own land .
yahweh raised up an adversary to solomon , hadad the edomite : he was of the king 's seed in edom .
as yahweh commanded moses , so the children of israel did ; and they divided the land .
to the pure , all things are pure ; but to those who are defiled and unbelieving , nothing is pure ; but both their mind and their conscience are defiled .
the children of judah and the children of israel will be gathered together , and they will appoint themselves one head , and will go up from the land ; for great will be the day of jezreel .
behold , one of the children of israel came and brought to his brothers a midianite woman in the sight of moses , and in the sight of all the congregation of the children of israel , while they were weeping at the door of the tent of meeting .
asa did that which was right in the eyes of yahweh , as did david his father .
in the beginning of the reign of jehoiakim the son of josiah , king of judah , came this word from yahweh , saying ,
every male among the children of aaron shall eat of it , as their portion forever throughout your generations , from the offerings of yahweh made by fire . whoever touches them shall be holy . '
in that day there will be a highway out of egypt to assyria , and the assyrian shall come into egypt , and the egyptian into assyria ; and the egyptians will worship with the assyrians .
then he said , god do so to me , and more also , if the head of elisha the son of shaphat shall stand on him this day .
then called he johanan the son of kareah , and all the captains of the forces who were with him , and all the people from the least even to the greatest ,
sigh , but not aloud , make no mourning for the dead ; bind your headdress on you , and put your shoes on your feet , and do n't cover your lips , and do n't eat men 's bread .
zedekiah the king said , behold , he is in your hand ; for the king is not he who can do anything against you .
if so be that being clothed we will not be found naked .
after my words they did n't speak again ; my speech fell on them .
the inhabitants of this coast land will say in that day , behold , this is our expectation , where we fled for help to be delivered from the king of assyria . and we , how will we escape ?
though i myself might have confidence even in the flesh . if any other man thinks that he has confidence in the flesh , i yet more :
so also christ did n't glorify himself to be made a high priest , but it was he who said to him , you are my son . today i have become your father .
david therefore calls him lord , so how is he his son ?
when they came to reuel , their father , he said , how is it that you have returned so early today ?
son of man , i have broken the arm of pharaoh king of egypt ; and behold , it has not been bound up , to apply healing medicines , to put a bandage to bind it , that it be strong to hold the sword .
mordecai went forth from the presence of the king in royal clothing of blue and white , and with a great crown of gold , and with a robe of fine linen and purple : and the city of shushan shouted and was glad .
in that he says , a new covenant , he has made the first old . but that which is becoming old and grows aged is near to vanishing away .
for , behold , yahweh will come with fire , and his chariots shall be like the whirlwind ; to render his anger with fierceness , and his rebuke with flames of fire .
i tell you , no , but , unless you repent , you will all perish in the same way .
thus says the lord yahweh , no foreigner , uncircumcised in heart and uncircumcised in flesh , shall enter into my sanctuary , of any foreigners who are among the children of israel .
she came to jerusalem with a very great train , with camels that bore spices , and very much gold , and precious stones ; and when she was come to solomon , she talked with him of all that was in her heart .
when they had eaten enough , they lightened the ship , throwing out the wheat into the sea .
they shall cut down her forest , says yahweh , though it ca n't be searched ; because they are more than the locusts , and are innumerable .
can you fathom the mystery of god ? or can you probe the limits of the almighty ?
god saw everything that he had made , and , behold , it was very good . there was evening and there was morning , a sixth day .
she went and did according to the saying of elijah : and she , and he , and her house , ate many days .
i will stand at my watch , and set myself on the ramparts , and will look out to see what he will say to me , and what i will answer concerning my complaint .
for i have set my face on this city for evil , and not for good , says yahweh : it shall be given into the hand of the king of babylon , and he shall burn it with fire .
do n't you be one of those who strike hands , of those who are collateral for debts .
yahweh spoke by his servants the prophets , saying ,
for your loving kindness is great toward me . you have delivered my soul from the lowest sheol .
it was given to him to give breath to it , to the image of the beast , that the image of the beast should both speak , and cause as many as would n't worship the image of the beast to be killed .
i will sprinkle clean water on you , and you shall be clean : from all your filthiness , and from all your idols , will i cleanse you .
but when he thought about these things , behold , an angel of the lord appeared to him in a dream , saying , joseph , son of david , do n't be afraid to take to yourself mary , your wife , for that which is conceived in her is of the holy spirit .
my soul longs , and even faints for the courts of yahweh . my heart and my flesh cry out for the living god .
when you pray , you shall not be as the hypocrites , for they love to stand and pray in the synagogues and in the corners of the streets , that they may be seen by men . most assuredly , i tell you , they have received their reward .
the heavens shall reveal his iniquity , the earth shall rise up against him .
my steps have held fast to your paths , my feet have not slipped .
and made israel to pass through the midst of it ; for his loving kindness endures forever ;
go in , speak to pharaoh king of egypt , that he let the children of israel go out of his land .
this is the service of the families of the gershonites , in serving and in bearing burdens :
and to speak to the priests of the house of yahweh of armies , and to the prophets , saying , should i weep in the fifth month , separating myself , as i have done these so many years ?
again , he sent another servant to them ; and they threw stones at him , wounded him in the head , and sent him away shamefully treated .
if anyone teaches a different doctrine , and does n't consent to sound words , the words of our lord jesus christ , and to the doctrine which is according to godliness ,
and out of the basket of unleavened bread , that was before yahweh , he took one unleavened cake , and one cake of oiled bread , and one wafer , and placed them on the fat , and on the right thigh .
the inhabitants of sidon and arvad were your rowers : your wise men , tyre , were in you , they were your pilots .
god reigns over the nations . god sits on his holy throne .
and what he did to dathan and abiram , the sons of eliab , the son of reuben ; how the earth opened its mouth , and swallowed them up , and their households , and their tents , and every living thing that followed them , in the midst of all israel :
then you shall tell your son , we were pharaoh 's bondservants in egypt : and yahweh brought us out of egypt with a mighty hand ;
a false balance is an abomination to yahweh , but accurate weights are his delight .
moreover in those days the nobles of judah sent many letters to tobiah , and the letters of tobiah came to them .
send one of you , and let him get your brother , and you shall be bound , that your words may be tested , whether there is truth in you , or else by the life of pharaoh surely you are spies .
the ten sons of haman the son of hammedatha , the jew 's enemy , killed they ; but they did n't lay their hand on the spoil .
you will be hated by all men for my name 's sake , but he who endures to the end will be saved .
then they hurried , and took every man his garment , and put it under him on the top of the stairs , and blew the trumpet , saying , jehu is king .
give wings to moab , that she may fly and get her away : and her cities shall become a desolation , without any to dwell therein .
when they had preached the good news to that city , and had made many disciples , they returned to lystra , iconium , and antioch ,
you have ascended on high . you have led away captives . you have received gifts among men , yes , among the rebellious also , that yah god might dwell there .
paul , an apostle of christ jesus through the will of god , to the saints who are at ephesus , and the faithful in christ jesus :
can that which has no flavor be eaten without salt ? or is there any taste in the white of an egg ?
jethro , moses ' father - in - law , received zipporah , moses ' wife , after he had sent her away ,
then the animals take cover , and remain in their dens .
then both the men , between whom the controversy is , shall stand before yahweh , before the priests and the judges who shall be in those days ;
its streams will be turned into pitch , its dust into sulfur , and its land will become burning pitch .
thus says yahweh : if my covenant of day and night fails , if i have not appointed the ordinances of heaven and earth ;
the shield of his mighty men is made red . the valiant men are in scarlet . the chariots flash with steel in the day of his preparation , and the pine spears are brandished .
for the breadth of the court on the west side shall be hangings of fifty cubits ; their pillars ten , and their sockets ten .
letters were sent by posts into all the king 's provinces , to destroy , to kill , and to cause to perish , all jews , both young and old , little children and women , in one day , even on the thirteenth day of the twelfth month , which is the month adar , and to take the spoil of them for a prey .
at noon , o king , i saw on the way a light from the sky , brighter than the sun , shining around me and those who traveled with me .
but man dies , and is laid low . yes , man gives up the spirit , and where is he ?
but i ask , did n't israel know ? first moses says , i will provoke you to jealousy with that which is no nation , with a nation void of understanding i will make you angry .
surely my lips shall not speak unrighteousness , neither shall my tongue utter deceit .
behold , god is exalted in his power . who is a teacher like him ?
therefore shall you keep all the commandment which i command you this day , that you may be strong , and go in and possess the land , where you go over to possess it ;
you shall not eat of anything that dies of itself : you may give it to the foreigner living among you who is within your gates , that he may eat it ; or you may sell it to a foreigner : for you are a holy people to yahweh your god . you shall not boil a kid in its mother 's milk .
joshua made himself flint knives , and circumcised the children of israel at the hill of the foreskins .
moses led israel onward from the red sea , and they went out into the wilderness of shur ; and they went three days in the wilderness , and found no water .
when i have brought them back from the peoples , and gathered them out of their enemies ' lands , and am sanctified in them in the sight of many nations .
if you have anything to say , answer me : speak , for i desire to justify you .
ashkelon will see it , and fear ; gaza also , and will writhe in agony ; as will ekron , for her expectation will be disappointed ; and the king will perish from gaza , and ashkelon will not be inhabited .
memucan answered before the king and the princes , vashti the queen has not done wrong to the king only , but also to all the princes , and to all the peoples who are in all the provinces of the king ahasuerus .
coming to the disciples , he saw a great multitude around them , and scribes questioning them .
but he said to them , not all men can receive this saying , but those to whom it is given .
thus says the lord yahweh : it shall happen in that day , that things shall come into your mind , and you shall devise an evil device :
i will set his hand also on the sea , and his right hand on the rivers .
i heard a sound from heaven , like the sound of many waters , and like the sound of a great thunder . the sound which i heard was like that of harpists playing on their harps .
it came to pass that , when the gates of jerusalem began to be dark before the sabbath , i commanded that the doors should be shut , and commanded that they should not be opened until after the sabbath : and some of my servants set i over the gates , that there should no burden be brought in on the sabbath day .
i will make you exceedingly fruitful , and i will make nations of you . kings will come out of you .
she conceived , and bore a son ; and he named him er .
see with what large letters i write to you with my own hand .
that we may no longer be children , tossed back and forth and carried about with every wind of doctrine , by the trickery of men , in craftiness , after the wiles of error ;
jesus therefore said to them , children , have you anything to eat ? they answered him , no .
then the king commanded , and they brought daniel , and cast him into the den of lions . now the king spoke and said to daniel , your god whom you serve continually , he will deliver you .
thus says yahweh of armies : in those days , ten men will take hold , out of all the languages of the nations , they will take hold of the skirt of him who is a jew , saying , we will go with you , for we have heard that god is with you . '
the beams of our house are cedars . our rafters are firs .
you shall not need to fight in this battle : set yourselves , stand you still , and see the salvation of yahweh with you , o judah and jerusalem ; do n't be afraid , nor be dismayed : tomorrow go out against them : for yahweh is with you .
but as the time of the promise came close which god had sworn to abraham , the people grew and multiplied in egypt ,
the tree of the field shall yield its fruit , and the earth shall yield its increase , and they shall be secure in their land ; and they shall know that i am yahweh , when i have broken the bars of their yoke , and have delivered them out of the hand of those who made slaves of them .
that the daughters of israel went yearly to celebrate the daughter of jephthah the gileadite four days in a year .
he left from there to the mountain on the east of bethel , and pitched his tent , having bethel on the west , and ai on the east . there he built an altar to yahweh and called on the name of yahweh .
lord , you have been our dwelling place for all generations .
for i earnestly protested to your fathers in the day that i brought them up out of the land of egypt , even to this day , rising early and protesting , saying , obey my voice .
in the three and twentieth year of joash the son of ahaziah , king of judah , jehoahaz the son of jehu began to reign over israel in samaria , and reigned seventeen years .
but he who stands steadfast in his heart , having no necessity , but has power over his own heart , to keep his own virgin , does well .
behold , i am against those who prophesy lying dreams , says yahweh , and do tell them , and cause my people to err by their lies , and by their vain boasting : yet i did n't send them , nor commanded them ; neither do they profit this people at all , says yahweh .
by the border of ephraim , from the east side even to the west side , reuben , one portion .
they forsook yahweh , and served baal and the ashtaroth .
next to him shall be the tribe of manasseh : and the prince of the children of manasseh shall be gamaliel the son of pedahzur .
when you shall listen to the voice of yahweh your god , to keep all his commandments which i command you this day , to do that which is right in the eyes of yahweh your god .
thus says yahweh : for three transgressions of israel , yes , for four , i will not turn away its punishment ; because they have sold the righteous for silver , and the needy for a pair of shoes ;
do we then nullify the law through faith ? may it never be ! no , we establish the law .
he changed his behavior before them , and feigned himself mad in their hands , and scrabbled on the doors of the gate , and let his spittle fall down on his beard .
he came to his father , and said , my father ? he said , here i am . who are you , my son ?
he walked in the way of the kings of israel , as did the house of ahab ; for he had the daughter of ahab as wife : and he did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh .
there is one who speaks rashly like the piercing of a sword , but the tongue of the wise heals .
then said the princes to baruch , go , hide you , you and jeremiah ; and let no man know where you are .
how he set his signs in egypt , his wonders in the field of zoan ,
he said , i tell you , peter , the rooster will by no means crow today until you deny that you know me three times .
this day yahweh your god commands you to do these statutes and ordinances : you shall therefore keep and do them with all your heart , and with all your soul .
for i hate divorce , says yahweh , the god of israel , and him who covers his garment with violence ! ' says yahweh of armies . therefore take heed to your spirit , that you do n't deal treacherously .
he brought me to the door of the court ; and when i looked , behold , a hole in the wall .
and one male goat for a sin offering , to make atonement for you ;
now i say this , brothers , that flesh and blood ca n't inherit the kingdom of god ; neither does corruption inherit incorruption .
if indeed you will magnify yourselves against me , and plead against me my reproach ;
yes , i will cause men to walk on you , even my people israel ; and they shall possess you , and you shall be their inheritance , and you shall no more henceforth bereave them of children .
she said , who would have said to abraham , that sarah would nurse children ? for i have borne him a son in his old age .
the fathers shall not be put to death for the children , neither shall the children be put to death for the fathers : every man shall be put to death for his own sin .
and for the destructive mildew of a garment , and for a house ,
but he whose genealogy is not counted from them has taken tithes of abraham , and has blessed him who has the promises .
he who trusts in his riches will fall , but the righteous shall flourish as the green leaf .
if others partake of this right over you , do n't we yet more ? nevertheless we did not use this right , but we bear all things , that we may cause no hindrance to the good news of christ .
for my mouth speaks truth . wickedness is an abomination to my lips .
naaman said , if not , yet , please let there be given to your servant two mules ' burden of earth ; for your servant will henceforth offer neither burnt offering nor sacrifice to other gods , but to yahweh .
as they were eating , jesus took bread , and when he had blessed , he broke it , and gave to them , and said , take , eat . this is my body .
yahweh is a jealous god and avenges . yahweh avenges and is full of wrath . yahweh takes vengeance on his adversaries , and he maintains wrath against his enemies .
to crush under foot all the prisoners of the earth ,
now therefore let the fear of yahweh be on you ; take heed and do it : for there is no iniquity with yahweh our god , nor respect of persons , nor taking of bribes .
and give him no rest , until he establish , and until he make jerusalem a praise in the earth .
samuel heard all the words of the people , and he rehearsed them in the ears of yahweh .
they took away their livestock ; of their camels fifty thousand , and of sheep two hundred fifty thousand , and of donkeys two thousand , and of men one hundred thousand .
for the cloud of yahweh was on the tent by day , and there was fire in the cloud by night , in the sight of all the house of israel , throughout all their journeys .
flee out of the midst of babylon , and go forth out of the land of the chaldeans , and be as the male goats before the flocks .
they told him , lord , that our eyes may be opened .
who made heaven and earth , the sea , and all that is in them ; who keeps truth forever ;
now when the apostles who were at jerusalem heard that samaria had received the word of god , they sent peter and john to them ,
woe to those who are at ease in zion , and to those who are secure on the mountain of samaria , the notable men of the chief of the nations , to whom the house of israel come !
when evil - doers came at me to eat up my flesh , even my adversaries and my foes , they stumbled and fell .
they told me , you must prophesy again over many peoples , nations , languages , and kings .
the great trials which your eyes saw , and the signs , and the wonders , and the mighty hand , and the outstretched arm , by which yahweh your god brought you out : so shall yahweh your god do to all the peoples of whom you are afraid .
he put down the idolatrous priests , whom the kings of judah had ordained to burn incense in the high places in the cities of judah , and in the places round about jerusalem ; those also who burned incense to baal , to the sun , and to the moon , and to the planets , and to all the army of the sky .
yes , the light of the wicked shall be put out , the spark of his fire shall not shine .
his left hand is under my head . his right hand embraces me .
heshbon , and all its cities that are in the plain ; dibon , and bamoth baal , and beth baal meon ,
he went in to hagar , and she conceived . when she saw that she had conceived , her mistress was despised in her eyes .
and gave them this land , which you did swear to their fathers to give them , a land flowing with milk and honey ;
yahweh will cause you to be struck before your enemies ; you shall go out one way against them , and shall flee seven ways before them : and you shall be tossed back and forth among all the kingdoms of the earth .
behold , the word of yahweh came to him , saying , this man will not be your heir , but he who will come forth out of your own body will be your heir .
king solomon sent by benaiah the son of jehoiada ; and he fell on him , so that he died .
the syrians fled before israel ; and david killed of the syrians the men of seven hundred chariots , and forty thousand horsemen , and struck shobach the captain of their army , so that he died there .
wake up , you drunkards , and weep ! wail , all you drinkers of wine , because of the sweet wine ; for it is cut off from your mouth .
for first of all , when you come together in the assembly , i hear that divisions exist among you , and i partly believe it .
therefore , behold , the days come , says yahweh , that i will execute judgment on her engraved images ; and through all her land the wounded shall groan .
behold , the whole family is risen against your handmaid , and they say , deliver him who struck his brother , that we may kill him for the life of his brother whom he killed , and so destroy the heir also . thus will they quench my coal which is left , and will leave to my husband neither name nor remainder on the surface of the earth .
he said , i saw all israel scattered on the mountains , as sheep that have no shepherd : and yahweh said , these have no master ; let them return every man to his house in peace .
it shall happen in that day , when gog shall come against the land of israel , says the lord yahweh , that my wrath shall come up into my nostrils .
he came out , and went , as his custom was , to the mount of olives . his disciples also followed him .
they offered him wine mixed with myrrh to drink , but he did n't take it .
all food which may be eaten , that on which water comes , shall be unclean ; and all drink that may be drunk in every such vessel shall be unclean .
neither is he served by men 's hands , as though he needed anything , seeing he himself gives to all life and breath , and all things .
as he says also in hosea , i will call them my people , ' which were not my people ; and her beloved , ' who was not beloved .
oh that you would tear the heavens , that you would come down , that the mountains might quake at your presence ,
his spirit departs , and he returns to the earth . in that very day , his thoughts perish .
it happened the same night , that the word of yahweh came to nathan , saying ,
but he said , the things which are impossible with men are possible with god .
like a thornbush that goes into the hand of a drunkard , so is a parable in the mouth of fools .
his daughter - in - law , phinehas ' wife , was with child , near to be delivered : and when she heard the news that the ark of god was taken , and that her father - in - law and her husband were dead , she bowed herself and brought forth ; for her pains came on her .
manoah said to the angel of yahweh , i pray you , let us detain you , that we may make ready a kid for you .
the king of israel said , take micaiah , and carry him back to amon the governor of the city , and to joash the king 's son ;
david said to the young man who told him , whence are you ? he answered , i am the son of a foreigner , an amalekite .
he said to him , what is your name ? he said , jacob .
so jonathan made a covenant with the house of david , saying , yahweh will require it at the hand of david 's enemies .
the sons of joseph , who were born to him in egypt , were two souls . all the souls of the house of jacob , who came into egypt , were seventy .
take heed to yourself that you do n't offer your burnt offerings in every place that you see ;
i looked , and behold , you had sinned against yahweh your god ; you had made you a molten calf : you had turned aside quickly out of the way which yahweh had commanded you .
judas then , having taken a detachment of soldiers and officers from the chief priests and the pharisees , came there with lanterns , torches , and weapons .
you shall not deliver to his master a servant who is escaped from his master to you :
get up , lift up the boy , and hold him in your hand . for i will make him a great nation .
and a third part shall be at the king 's house ; and a third part at the gate of the foundation : and all the people shall be in the courts of the house of yahweh .
when all things have been subjected to him , then the son will also himself be subjected to him who subjected all things to him , that god may be all in all .
she said to elijah , what have i to do with you , you man of god ? you have come to me to bring my sin to memory , and to kill my son !
to deliver you from the way of evil , from the men who speak perverse things ;
then david put garrisons in syria of damascus ; and the syrians became servants to david , and brought tribute . yahweh gave victory to david wherever he went .
mischief shall come on mischief , and rumor shall be on rumor ; and they shall seek a vision of the prophet ; but the law shall perish from the priest , and counsel from the elders .
but he refused , and said , i will not eat . but his servants , together with the woman , constrained him ; and he listened to their voice . so he arose from the earth , and sat on the bed .
many shall purify themselves , and make themselves white , and be refined ; but the wicked shall do wickedly ; and none of the wicked shall understand ; but those who are wise shall understand .
jesus said to her , your brother will rise again .
israel saw joseph 's sons , and said , who are these ?
watch ! stand firm in the faith ! be courageous ! be strong !
yahweh said moreover to me : son of man , will you judge oholah and oholibah ? then declare to them their abominations .
and said , full of all deceit and all cunning , you son of the devil , you enemy of all righteousness , will you not cease to pervert the right ways of the lord ?
he entered into one of the boats , which was simon 's , and asked him to put out a little from the land . he sat down and taught the multitudes from the boat .
so jesus said to them plainly then , lazarus is dead .
jesus said to him , most assuredly i tell you , that you today , even this night , before the rooster crows twice , you will deny me three times .
he put forth the form of a hand , and took me by a lock of my head ; and the spirit lifted me up between earth and the sky , and brought me in the visions of god to jerusalem , to the door of the gate of the inner court that looks toward the north ; where was the seat of the image of jealousy , which provokes to jealousy .
the king said to them , what seems you best i will do . the king stood beside the gate , and all the people went out by hundreds and by thousands .
when they asked him to stay with them a longer time , he declined ;
you shall do likewise with your oxen and with your sheep . seven days it shall be with its mother , then on the eighth day you shall give it me .
devout men buried stephen , and lamented greatly over him .
twenty - five thousand in length , and ten thousand in breadth , shall be to the levites , the ministers of the house , for a possession to themselves , for twenty chambers .
has his loving kindness vanished forever ? does his promise fail for generations ?
saul arose from the ground , and when his eyes were opened , he saw no one . they led him by the hand , and brought him into damascus .
when the five lords of the philistines had seen it , they returned to ekron the same day .
to the angel of the assembly in laodicea write : the amen , the faithful and true witness , the head of god 's creation , says these things :
that yahweh your god may show us the way in which we should walk , and the thing that we should do .
therefore men revere him . he does n't regard any who are wise of heart .
all your fortresses will be like fig trees with the first - ripe figs : if they are shaken , they fall into the mouth of the eater .
his left hand would be under my head . his right hand would embrace me .
for i delivered to you first of all that which i also received : that christ died for our sins according to the scriptures ,
god helped him against the philistines , and against the arabians who lived in gur baal , and the meunim .
now the prey , over and above the booty which the men of war took , was six hundred seventy - five thousand sheep ,
you shall do no manner of work in that same day ; for it is a day of atonement , to make atonement for you before yahweh your god .
yahweh , god of armies , who is a mighty one , like you ? yah , your faithfulness is around you .
og king of bashan ; for his loving kindness endures forever ;
they shall be desolate in the midst of the countries that are desolate ; and her cities shall be in the midst of the cities that are wasted .
for yet a very little while , and the indignation against you will be accomplished , and my anger will be directed to his destruction .
he said , why does my lord pursue after his servant ? for what have i done ? or what evil is in my hand ?
yahweh , the lord , the strength of my salvation , you have covered my head in the day of battle .
you were now turned , and had done that which is right in my eyes , in proclaiming liberty every man to his neighbor ; and you had made a covenant before me in the house which is called by my name :
the king of sodom went out to meet him , after his return from the slaughter of chedorlaomer and the kings who were with him , at the valley of shaveh ( that is , the king 's valley ) .
but as for me , i will look to yahweh . i will wait for the god of my salvation . my god will hear me .
then the children of israel did put away the baals and the ashtaroth , and served yahweh only .
jesus said to them , bring some of the fish which you have just caught .
they cut off his head , and stripped off his armor , and sent into the land of the philistines round about , to carry the news to the house of their idols , and to the people .
and i delivered you out of the hand of the egyptians , and out of the hand of all who oppressed you , and drove them out from before you , and gave you their land ;
the armed men went before the priests who blew the trumpets , and the rearward went after the ark , the priests blowing the trumpets as they went .
if yahweh your god enlarge your border , as he has sworn to your fathers , and give you all the land which he promised to give to your fathers ;
preserve me , god , for in you do i take refuge .
so stood the two companies of those who gave thanks in the house of god , and i , and the half of the rulers with me ;
by faith in his name has his name made this man strong , whom you see and know . yes , the faith which is through him has given him this perfect soundness in the presence of you all .
yahweh said to satan , where have you come from ? then satan answered yahweh , and said , from going back and forth in the earth , and from walking up and down in it .
yahweh called your name , a green olive tree , beautiful with goodly fruit : with the noise of a great tumult he has kindled fire on it , and the branches of it are broken .
reuben said to them , shed no blood . throw him into this pit that is in the wilderness , but lay no hand on himthat he might deliver him out of their hand , to restore him to his father .
woe to you who destroy , but you were n't destroyed ; and who betray , but nobody betrayed you ! when you have finished destroying , you will be destroyed ; and when you have made an end of betrayal , you will be betrayed .
israel joined himself to baal peor : and the anger of yahweh was kindled against israel .
of gad he said , blessed be he who enlarges gad : he dwells as a lioness , tears the arm , yes , the crown of the head .
but we will certainly perform every word that is gone forth out of our mouth , to burn incense to the queen of the sky , and to pour out drink offerings to her , as we have done , we and our fathers , our kings and our princes , in the cities of judah , and in the streets of jerusalem ; for then had we plenty of food , and were well , and saw no evil .
nevertheless the cities of the levites , the houses in the cities of their possession , the levites may redeem at any time .
may yahweh increase you more and more , you and your children .
for in christ jesus neither is circumcision anything , nor uncircumcision , but a new creation .
they are new every morning ; great is your faithfulness .
for that nation and kingdom that will not serve you shall perish ; yes , those nations shall be utterly wasted .
a wonderful and horrible thing is happen in the land :
for they had n't understood about the loaves , but their hearts were hardened .
but nebuzaradan the captain of the guard left of the poor of the people , who had nothing , in the land of judah , and gave them vineyards and fields at the same time .
a noose is hidden for him in the ground , a trap for him in the way .
as the bad figs , which ca n't be eaten , they are so bad , surely thus says yahweh , so will i give up zedekiah the king of judah , and his princes , and the residue of jerusalem , who remain in this land , and those who dwell in the land of egypt ,
araunah said to david , let my lord the king take and offer up what seems good to him : behold , the oxen for the burnt offering , and the threshing instruments and the yokes of the oxen for the wood :
that the wise man may hear , and increase in learning ; that the man of understanding may attain to sound counsel :
i remember god , and i groan . i complain , and my spirit is overwhelmed . selah .
so that he forsook the tent of shiloh , the tent which he placed among men ;
cast your burden on yahweh , and he will sustain you . he will never allow the righteous to be moved .
but i , as a deaf man , do n't hear . i am as a mute man who does n't open his mouth .
you are already pruned clean because of the word which i have spoken to you .
now , lord our god , who has brought your people forth out of the land of egypt with a mighty hand , and have gotten you renown , as at this day ; we have sinned , we have done wickedly .
on the sixth day , eliasaph the son of deuel , prince of the children of gad
the hand mirrors , the fine linen garments , the tiaras , and the shawls .
am i now come up without yahweh against this place to destroy it ? yahweh said to me , go up against this land , and destroy it .
there the ships go , and leviathan , whom you formed to play there .
when he saw jesus from afar , he ran and bowed down to him ,
he dealt among all the people , even among the whole multitude of israel , both to men and women , to everyone a cake of bread , and a portion of flesh , and a cake of raisins . so all the people departed everyone to his house .
jesus said to them , i will ask you one question . answer me , and i will tell you by what authority i do these things .
those of the south will possess the mountain of esau , and those of the lowland , the philistines . they will possess the field of ephraim , and the field of samaria . benjamin will possess gilead .
the poor and needy seek water , and there is none . their tongue fails for thirst . i , yahweh , will answer them . i , the god of israel , will not forsake them .
flee from youthful lusts ; but pursue righteousness , faith , love , and peace with those who call on the lord out of a pure heart .
jesus answering , said to him , it has been said , you shall not tempt the lord your god . '
balaam said to balak , behold , i have come to you : have i now any power at all to speak anything ? the word that god puts in my mouth , that shall i speak .
evil men do n't understand justice ; but those who seek yahweh understand it fully .
let those who fear you turn to me . they will know your statutes .
where then is the boasting ? it is excluded . by what manner of law ? of works ? no , but by a law of faith .
why do the wicked live , become old , yes , and grow mighty in power ?
speak comfortably to jerusalem ; and call out to her that her warfare is accomplished , that her iniquity is pardoned , that she has received of yahweh 's hand double for all her sins .
and he took of the seed royal , and made a covenant with him ; he also brought him under an oath , and took away the mighty of the land ;
speak to aaron , and tell him , when you light the lamps , the seven lamps shall give light in front of the lampstand . '
we have brought yahweh 's offering , what every man has gotten , of jewels of gold , armlets , and bracelets , signet rings , earrings , and necklaces , to make atonement for our souls before yahweh .
who knows whether he will be a wise man or a fool ? yet he will have rule over all of my labor in which i have labored , and in which i have shown myself wise under the sun . this also is vanity .
yes also , when the fool walks by the way , his understanding fails him , and he says to everyone that he is a fool .
for what has a man of all his labor , and of the striving of his heart , in which he labors under the sun ?
the sons of those who afflicted you shall come bending to you ; and all those who despised you shall bow themselves down at the soles of your feet ; and they shall call you the city of yahweh , the zion of the holy one of israel .
hoshea the son of elah made a conspiracy against pekah the son of remaliah , and struck him , and killed him , and reigned in his place , in the twentieth year of jotham the son of uzziah .
the lion , which is mightiest among animals , and does n't turn away for any ;
when you reap the harvest of your land , you shall not wholly reap into the corners of your field , neither shall you gather the gleanings of your harvest : you shall leave them for the poor , and for the foreigner . i am yahweh your god . '
hearing a multitude going by , he asked what this meant .
but he spoke of the temple of his body .
a fire goes before him , and burns up his adversaries on every side .
who before were disobedient , when god waited patiently in the days of noah , while the ark was being built . in it , few , that is , eight souls , were saved through water .
you , yahweh god of armies , the god of israel , rouse yourself to punish the nations . show no mercy to the wicked traitors . selah .
he who gets wisdom loves his own soul . he who keeps understanding shall find good .
his disciples said to him , you see the multitude pressing against you , and you say , who touched me ? '
after these things , joseph of arimathaea , being a disciple of jesus , but secretly for fear of the jews , asked of pilate that he might take away jesus ' body . pilate gave him permission . he came therefore and took away his body .
turn again , we beg you , god of armies . look down from heaven , and see , and visit this vine ,
then was the iron , the clay , the brass , the silver , and the gold , broken in pieces together , and became like the chaff of the summer threshing floors ; and the wind carried them away , so that no place was found for them : and the stone that struck the image became a great mountain , and filled the whole earth .
david 's two wives were taken captive , ahinoam the jezreelitess , and abigail the wife of nabal the carmelite .
seeing you have purified your souls in your obedience to the truth through the spirit in sincere brotherly affection , love one another from the heart fervently :
it happened in the morning , about the time of offering the offering , that behold , there came water by the way of edom , and the country was filled with water .
they overcame him because of the lamb 's blood , and because of the word of their testimony . they did n't love their life , even to death .
there failed not anything of any good thing which yahweh had spoken to the house of israel ; all came to pass .
remember your servants , abraham , isaac , and jacob ; do n't look to the stubbornness of this people , nor to their wickedness , nor to their sin ,
jesus went out , and he saw a great multitude . he had compassion on them , and healed their sick .
he awoke , and rebuked the wind , and said to the sea , peace ! be still ! the wind ceased , and there was a great calm .
for if the service of condemnation has glory , the service of righteousness exceeds much more in glory .
the wings of these cherubim spread themselves forth twenty cubits : and they stood on their feet , and their faces were toward the house .
he arose and took the young child and his mother , and came into the land of israel .
let his children be fatherless , and his wife a widow .
for you have had five husbands ; and he whom you now have is not your husband . this you have said truly .
then the king ahasuerus said to esther the queen and to mordecai the jew , see , i have given esther the house of haman , and him they have hanged on the gallows , because he laid his hand on the jews .
no one shall come up with you ; neither let anyone be seen throughout all the mountain ; neither let the flocks nor herds feed before that mountain .
do n't marvel at this , for the hour comes , in which all that are in the tombs will hear his voice ,
and give them a charge to their masters , saying , thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel , thus shall you tell your masters :
it will sweep onward into judah . it will overflow and pass through ; it will reach even to the neck ; and the stretching out of its wings will fill the breadth of your land , immanuel .
when she is departed out of his house , she may go and be another man 's wife .
but when some were hardened and disobedient , speaking evil of the way before the multitude , he departed from them , and separated the disciples , reasoning daily in the school of tyrannus .
by the spring gate , and straight before them , they went up by the stairs of the city of david , at the ascent of the wall , above the house of david , even to the water gate eastward .
like a madman who shoots firebrands , arrows , and death ,
for my people have forgotten me , they have burned incense to false gods ; and they have been made to stumble in their ways , in the ancient paths , to walk in byways , in a way not built up ;
but no one knows of that day and hour , not even the angels of heaven , but my father only .
but peter said , not so , lord ; for i have never eaten anything that is common or unclean .
and he gave four wagons and eight oxen to the sons of merari , according to their service , under the direction of ithamar the son of aaron the priest .
he asked him , what is your name ? he said to him , my name is legion , for we are many .
i was afraid , and went away and hid your talent in the earth . behold , you have what is yours . '
he also rebelled against king nebuchadnezzar , who had made him swear by god : but he stiffened his neck , and hardened his heart against turning to yahweh , the god of israel .
for no one does anything in secret , and himself seeks to be known openly . if you do these things , reveal yourself to the world .
because ephraim has multiplied altars for sinning , they became for him altars for sinning .
i love those who love me . those who seek me diligently will find me .
our soul has waited for yahweh . he is our help and our shield .
the prince of the fathers ' house of the families of merari was zuriel the son of abihail . they shall encamp on the north side of the tabernacle .
for these are n't drunken , as you suppose , seeing it is only the third hour of the day .
he asked life of you , you gave it to him , even length of days forever and ever .
behind the doors and the posts have you set up your memorial : for you have uncovered yourself to another than me , and are gone up ; you have enlarged your bed , and made you a covenant with them : you loved their bed where you saw it .
the foolish said to the wise , give us some of your oil , for our lamps are going out . '
because your loving kindness is better than life , my lips shall praise you .
because of this , god sends them a working of error , that they should believe a lie ;
a certain woman named lydia , a seller of purple , of the city of thyatira , one who worshiped god , heard us ; whose heart the lord opened to listen to the things which were spoken by paul .
when jacob made an end of charging his sons , he gathered up his feet into the bed , and yielded up the spirit , and was gathered to his people .
according to the good hand of our god on us they brought us a man of discretion , of the sons of mahli , the son of levi , the son of israel ; and sherebiah , with his sons and his brothers , eighteen ;
do n't forget to show hospitality to strangers , for in doing so , some have entertained angels without knowing it .
he did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh , according to all that his father had done .
but the centurion , desiring to save paul , stopped them from their purpose , and commanded that those who could swim should throw themselves overboard first to go toward the land ;
yahweh said to moses , speak to the priests , the sons of aaron , and say to them , a priest shall not defile himself for the dead among his people ;
he wo n't break a bruised reed . he wo n't quench a smoking flax , until he leads justice to victory .
therefore whatever you have said in the darkness will be heard in the light . what you have spoken in the ear in the inner chambers will be proclaimed on the housetops .
yahweh lift up his face toward you , and give you peace . '
the plowers plowed on my back . they made their furrows long .
unless yahweh of armies had left to us a very small remnant , we would have been as sodom ; we would have been like gomorrah .
all this have i seen in my days of vanity : there is a righteous man who perishes in his righteousness , and there is a wicked man who lives long in his evil - doing .
let their eyes be darkened , that they may not see . bow down their back always .
but peter said , man , i do n't know what you are talking about ! immediately , while he was still speaking , a rooster crowed .
he told it to his father and to his brothers . his father rebuked him , and said to him , what is this dream that you have dreamed ? will i and your mother and your brothers indeed come to bow ourselves down to you to the earth ?
for god is my witness , whom i serve in my spirit in the good news of his son , how unceasingly i make mention of you always in my prayers ,
then he goes , and takes with himself seven other spirits more evil than he is , and they enter in and dwell there . the last state of that man becomes worse than the first . even so will it be also to this evil generation .
for our fathers have trespassed , and done that which was evil in the sight of yahweh our god , and have forsaken him , and have turned away their faces from the habitation of yahweh , and turned their backs .
those along the road are those who hear , then the devil comes , and takes away the word from their heart , that they may not believe and be saved .
isaiah cries concerning israel , if the number of the children of israel are as the sand of the sea , it is the remnant who will be saved ;
and of them shall be taken up a curse by all the captives of judah who are in babylon , saying , yahweh make you like zedekiah and like ahab , whom the king of babylon roasted in the fire ;
they came to hilkiah the high priest , and delivered the money that was brought into the house of god , which the levites , the keepers of the threshold , had gathered of the hand of manasseh and ephraim , and of all the remnant of israel , and of all judah and benjamin , and of the inhabitants of jerusalem .
for to me to live is christ , and to die is gain .
but for the cowardly , unbelieving , sinners , abominable , murderers , sexually immoral , sorcerers , idolaters , and all liars , their part is in the lake that burns with fire and sulfur , which is the second death .
and the beerothites fled to gittaim , and have lived as foreigners there until this day ) .
eliab his eldest brother heard when he spoke to the men ; and eliab 's anger was kindled against david , and he said , why are you come down ? and with whom have you left those few sheep in the wilderness ? i know your pride , and the naughtiness of your heart ; for you have come down that you might see the battle .
and let him who is on the housetop not go down , nor enter in , to take anything out of his house .
the woman said to elijah , now i know that you are a man of god , and that the word of yahweh in your mouth is truth .
then his disciples asked him , what does this parable mean ?
if you will fear yahweh , and serve him , and listen to his voice , and not rebel against the commandment of yahweh , and both you and also the king who reigns over you are followers of yahweh your god , well :
so that my soul chooses strangling , death rather than my bones .
tell them , as i live , says the lord yahweh , i have no pleasure in the death of the wicked ; but that the wicked turn from his way and live : turn you , turn you from your evil ways ; for why will you die , house of israel ?
the words of nehemiah the son of hacaliah . now it happened in the month chislev , in the twentieth year , as i was in shushan the palace ,
but the salvation of the righteous is from yahweh . he is their stronghold in the time of trouble .
or else let these men themselves say what injustice they found in me when i stood before the council ,
it happened , when the king lived in his house , and yahweh had given him rest from all his enemies round about ,
in that day i will make the chieftains of judah like a pan of fire among wood , and like a flaming torch among sheaves ; and they will devour all the surrounding peoples , on the right hand and on the left ; and jerusalem will yet again dwell in their own place , even in jerusalem .
he spoke , and swarms of flies came , and lice in all their borders .
then king jehoash called for jehoiada the priest , and for the other priests , and said to them , why do n't you repair the breaches of the house ? now therefore take no more money from your acquaintance , but deliver it for the breaches of the house .
when they had brought them to the magistrates , they said , these men , being jews , are agitating our city ,
it happened after this , that david inquired of yahweh , saying , shall i go up into any of the cities of judah ? yahweh said to him , go up . david said , where shall i go up ? he said , to hebron .
when she came to the man of god to the hill , she caught hold of his feet . gehazi came near to thrust her away ; but the man of god said , let her alone : for her soul is vexed within her ; and yahweh has hid it from me , and has not told me .
how sweet are your promises to my taste , more than honey to my mouth !
yahweh 's voice is powerful . yahweh 's voice is full of majesty .
when you hear of wars and disturbances , do n't be terrified , for these things must happen first , but the end wo n't come immediately .
samson went to gaza , and saw there a prostitute , and went in to her .
now therefore as yahweh lives , who has established me , and set me on the throne of david my father , and who has made me a house , as he promised , surely adonijah shall be put to death this day .
while he was yet speaking with them , rachel came with her father 's sheep , for she kept them .
he had seven hundred wives , princesses , and three hundred concubines ; and his wives turned away his heart .
they traveled from bethel . there was still some distance to come to ephrath , and rachel travailed . she had hard labor .
when they saw him , they were astonished , and his mother said to him , son , why have you treated us this way ? behold , your father and i were anxiously looking for you .
behold , these are the wicked . being always at ease , they increase in riches .
for on this day shall atonement be made for you , to cleanse you ; from all your sins you shall be clean before yahweh .
a good man shall obtain favor from yahweh , but he will condemn a man of wicked devices .
i walk in the way of righteousness , in the midst of the paths of justice ;
three times in the year all your males shall appear before the lord yahweh , the god of israel .
they said , you have not defrauded us , nor oppressed us , neither have you taken anything of any man 's hand .
and found his heart faithful before you , and made a covenant with him to give the land of the canaanite , the hittite , the amorite , and the perizzite , and the jebusite , and the girgashite , to give it to his seed , and have performed your words ; for you are righteous .
he answered , a man called jesus made mud , anointed my eyes , and said to me , go to the pool of siloam , and wash . ' so i went away and washed , and i received sight .
now these are the words of the letter that jeremiah the prophet sent from jerusalem to the residue of the elders of the captivity , and to the priests , and to the prophets , and to all the people , whom nebuchadnezzar had carried away captive from jerusalem to babylon ,
she said , let abishag the shunammite be given to adonijah your brother as wife .
truly the light is sweet , and a pleasant thing it is for the eyes to see the sun .
they are appointed as a flock for sheol . death shall be their shepherd . the upright shall have dominion over them in the morning . their beauty shall decay in sheol , far from their mansion .
now , behold , you trust on the staff of this bruised reed , even on egypt ; whereon if a man lean , it will go into his hand , and pierce it : so is pharaoh king of egypt to all who trust on him .
i will cast you out of my sight , as i have cast out all your brothers , even the whole seed of ephraim .
so the angel who talked with me said to me , proclaim , saying , thus says yahweh of armies : i am jealous for jerusalem and for zion with a great jealousy .
the son of man has come eating and drinking , and you say , behold , a gluttonous man , and a drunkard ; a friend of tax collectors and sinners ! '
now the acts of rehoboam , first and last , are n't they written in the histories of shemaiah the prophet and of iddo the seer , after the manner of genealogies ? there were wars between rehoboam and jeroboam continually .
joseph said to them , it is like i told you , saying , you are spies . '
behold , i have made your face hard against their faces , and your forehead hard against their foreheads .
now therefore , our god , listen to the prayer of your servant , and to his petitions , and cause your face to shine on your sanctuary that is desolate , for the lord 's sake .
but he forsook the counsel of the old men which they had given him , and took counsel with the young men who had grown up with him , who stood before him .
does n't rejoice in unrighteousness , but rejoices with the truth ;
he remembered that they were but flesh , a wind that passes away , and does n't come again .
in the first chariot were red horses ; in the second chariot black horses ;
alas ! for that day is great , so that none is like it : it is even the time of jacob 's trouble ; but he shall be saved out of it .
and the border extended from the top of the mountain to the spring of the waters of nephtoah , and went out to the cities of mount ephron ; and the border extended to baalah ( the same is kiriath jearim ) ;
i have hidden your word in my heart , that i might not sin against you .
behold , i will bring a nation on you from far , house of israel , says yahweh : it is a mighty nation , it is an ancient nation , a nation whose language you do n't know , neither understand what they say .
yahweh said to moses and aaron , this is the ordinance of the passover . there shall no foreigner eat of it ,
command and teach these things .
your house and your kingdom shall be made sure for ever before you : your throne shall be established forever .
and for the sacrifice of peace offerings , two oxen , five rams , five male goats , and five male lambs a year old . this was the offering of elishama the son of ammihud .
but the jews stirred up the devout and prominent women and the chief men of the city , and stirred up a persecution against paul and barnabas , and threw them out of their borders .
as for their rims , they were high and dreadful ; and they four had their rims full of eyes round about .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
who has cut a channel for the flood water , or the path for the thunderstorm ;
then you shall bring her home to your house ; and she shall shave her head , and pare her nails ;
then hear in heaven , your dwelling place , and forgive , and do , and render to every man according to all his ways , whose heart you know ; ( for you , even you only , know the hearts of all the children of men ;)
behold , i send an angel before you , to keep you by the way , and to bring you into the place which i have prepared .
as for these things which you see , the days will come , in which there will not be left here one stone on another that will not be thrown down .
from on high has he sent fire into my bones , and it prevails against them ; he has spread a net for my feet , he has turned me back : he has made me desolate and faint all the day .
the gibeonites said to him , it is no matter of silver or gold between us and saul , or his house ; neither is it for us to put any man to death in israel . he said , what you shall say , that will i do for you .
when i tell the righteous , that he shall surely live ; if he trust to his righteousness , and commit iniquity , none of his righteous deeds shall be remembered ; but in his iniquity that he has committed , therein shall he die .
i will lay sinews on you , and will bring up flesh on you , and cover you with skin , and put breath in you , and you shall live ; and you shall know that i am yahweh .
save caleb the son of jephunneh the kenizzite , and joshua the son of nun ; because they have wholly followed yahweh .
they shall know that i , yahweh , their god am with them , and that they , the house of israel , are my people , says the lord yahweh .
your hands have made me and formed me . give me understanding , that i may learn your commandments .
let each man stay in that calling in which he was called .
for he knows how we are made . he remembers that we are dust .
save us now , we beg you , yahweh ; yahweh , we beg you , now send prosperity .
everyone who is found will be thrust through . everyone who is captured will fall by the sword .
abraham called the name of that place yahweh will provide . as it is said to this day , on yahweh 's mountain , it will be provided .
as we have said before , so i now say again : if any man preaches to you any good news other than that which you received , let him be cursed .
son of man , put forth a riddle , and speak a parable to the house of israel ;
moses took the blood , and sprinkled it on the people , and said , look , this is the blood of the covenant , which yahweh has made with you concerning all these words .
wrap up the testimony . seal the law among my disciples .
very early on the first day of the week , they came to the tomb when the sun had risen .
peter answered her , tell me whether you sold the land for so much . she said , yes , for so much .
but if she is cleansed of her discharge , then she shall count to herself seven days , and after that she shall be clean .
david said , whoever strikes the jebusites first shall be chief and captain . joab the son of zeruiah went up first , and was made chief .
they shall also bring up a company against you , and they shall stone you with stones , and thrust you through with their swords .
for the show bread also , and for the fine flour for a meal offering , whether of unleavened wafers , or of that which is baked in the pan , or of that which is soaked , and for all manner of measure and size ;
and zedekiah king of judah shall not escape out of the hand of the chaldeans , but shall surely be delivered into the hand of the king of babylon , and shall speak with him mouth to mouth , and his eyes shall see his eyes ;
great hailstones , about the weight of a talent , came down out of the sky on people . people blasphemed god because of the plague of the hail , for this plague is exceedingly severe .
they came to jericho . as he went out from jericho , with his disciples and a great multitude , the son of timaeus , bartimaeus , a blind beggar , was sitting by the road .
it happened , when they brought forth those kings to joshua , that joshua called for all the men of israel , and said to the chiefs of the men of war who went with him , come near , put your feet on the necks of these kings . they came near , and put their feet on the necks of them .
i know your works , that you are neither cold nor hot . i wish you were cold or hot .
listen to this word which i take up for a lamentation over you , o house of israel .
it happened , at the time of the return of the year , at the time when kings go out to battle , that joab led forth the army , and wasted the country of the children of ammon , and came and besieged rabbah . but david stayed at jerusalem . joab struck rabbah , and overthrew it .
that it might be fulfilled which was spoken through the prophet , saying , i will open my mouth in parables ; i will utter things hidden from the foundation of the world .
cush and egypt were her boundless strength . put and libya were her helpers .
but they are together brutish and foolish : the instruction of idols ! it is but a stock .
but the asherites lived among the canaanites , the inhabitants of the land ; for they did not drive them out .
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
he turns rivers into a desert , water springs into a thirsty ground ,
many women do noble things , but you excel them all .
the heavens will praise your wonders , yahweh ; your faithfulness also in the assembly of the holy ones .
the king of the south shall be moved with anger , and shall come forth and fight with him , even with the king of the north ; and he shall set forth a great multitude , and the multitude shall be given into his hand .
they were helped against them , and the hagrites were delivered into their hand , and all who were with them ; for they cried to god in the battle , and he was entreated of them , because they put their trust in him .
for each tree is known by its own fruit . for people do n't gather figs from thorns , nor do they gather grapes from a bramble bush .
quenched the power of fire , escaped the edge of the sword , from weakness were made strong , grew mighty in war , and turned to flight armies of aliens .
i will leave you on the land , i will cast you forth on the open field , and will cause all the birds of the sky to settle on you , and i will satisfy the animals of the whole earth with you .
while they themselves also , with supplication on your behalf , yearn for you by reason of the exceeding grace of god in you .
whoever oppresses the poor for his own increase and whoever gives to the rich , both come to poverty .
i waited patiently until morning . he breaks all my bones like a lion . from day even to night you will make an end of me .
abigail came to nabal ; and behold , he held a feast in his house , like the feast of a king ; and nabal 's heart was merry within him , for he was very drunken : therefore she told him nothing , less or more , until the morning light .
who is this who comes from edom , with dyed garments from bozrah ? this who is glorious in his clothing , marching in the greatness of his strength ? i who speak in righteousness , mighty to save .
strengthen the weak hands , and make firm the feeble knees .
if this man were not from god , he could do nothing .
and not a hair of your head will perish .
he will feed his flock like a shepherd . he will gather the lambs in his arm , and carry them in his bosom . he will gently lead those who have their young .
i know that you can do all things , and that no purpose of yours can be restrained .
then job arose , and tore his robe , and shaved his head , and fell down on the ground , and worshiped .
he has shown you , o man , what is good . what does yahweh require of you , but to act justly , to love mercy , and to walk humbly with your god ?
i gave my back to the strikers , and my cheeks to those who plucked off the hair ; i did n't hide my face from shame and spitting .
none of the rest dared to join them , however the people honored them .
you have done these things , and i kept silent . you thought that the i am was just like you . i will rebuke you , and accuse you in front of your eyes .
and they will come out after us , until we have drawn them away from the city ; for they will say , they flee before us , as at the first : so we will flee before them ;
behold , this is the man who did n't make god his strength , but trusted in the abundance of his riches , and strengthened himself in his wickedness .
if brothers dwell together , and one of them die , and have no son , the wife of the dead shall not be married outside to a stranger : her husband 's brother shall go in to her , and take her to him as wife , and perform the duty of a husband 's brother to her .
you made known to me the ways of life . you will make me full of gladness with your presence . '
woe to the bloody city ! it is all full of lies and robbery . the prey does n't depart .
you shall take of the blood of the bull , and put it on the horns of the altar with your finger ; and you shall pour out all the blood at the base of the altar .
for the invisible things of him since the creation of the world are clearly seen , being perceived through the things that are made , even his everlasting power and divinity ; that they may be without excuse .
the pig , because he has a split hoof , and is cloven - footed , but does n't chew the cud , he is unclean to you .
for how great is his goodness , and how great is his beauty ! grain will make the young men flourish , and new wine the virgins .
but know this , that in the last days , grievous times will come .
on the plates of the stays of it , and on the panels of it , he engraved cherubim , lions , and palm trees , according to the space of each , with wreaths round about .
then the king said to me , for what do you make request ? so i prayed to the god of heaven .
then wrote rehum the chancellor , and shimshai the scribe , and the rest of their companions , the dinaites , and the apharsathchites , the tarpelites , the apharsites , the archevites , the babylonians , the shushanchites , the dehaites , the elamites ,
every prudent man acts from knowledge , but a fool exposes folly .
they made signs to his father , what he would have him called .
and their word will consume like gangrene , of whom is hymenaeus and philetus ;
but he will say , i am no prophet , i am a tiller of the ground ; for i have been made a bondservant from my youth . '
throwing down imaginations and every high thing that is exalted against the knowledge of god , and bringing every thought into captivity to the obedience of christ ;
i have forsaken my house , i have cast off my heritage ; i have given the dearly beloved of my soul into the hand of her enemies .
do n't you know that those who run in a race all run , but one receives the prize ? run like that , that you may win .
the mouth of it within the capital and above was a cubit : and the mouth of it was round after the work of a pedestal , a cubit and a half ; and also on the mouth of it were engravings , and their panels were foursquare , not round .
for thus says yahweh , the whole land shall be a desolation ; yet will i not make a full end .
let all the nations be gathered together , and let the peoples be assembled : who among them can declare this , and show us former things ? let them bring their witnesses , that they may be justified ; or let them hear , and say , it is truth .
she calls at the head of noisy places . at the entrance of the city gates , she utters her words :
he bowed the heart of all the men of judah , even as the heart of one man ; so that they sent to the king , saying , return you , and all your servants .
that you will take up this parable against the king of babylon , and say , how the oppressor has ceased ! the golden city has ceased !
i rejoice at your word , as one who finds great spoil .
and their forty sockets of silver ; two sockets under one board , and two sockets under another board .
also their gods , with their molten images , and with their goodly vessels of silver and of gold , shall he carry captive into egypt ; and he shall refrain some years from the king of the north .
that which fell among the thorns , these are those who have heard , and as they go on their way they are choked with cares , riches , and pleasures of life , and bring no fruit to maturity .
it was the day of the preparation , and the sabbath was drawing near .
your commandments make me wiser than my enemies , for your commandments are always with me .
but as then , he who was born according to the flesh persecuted him who was born according to the spirit , so also it is now .
then the disciples came , and said to him , do you know that the pharisees were offended , when they heard this saying ?
as the appearance of the bow that is in the cloud in the day of rain , so was the appearance of the brightness round about . this was the appearance of the likeness of the glory of yahweh . when i saw it , i fell on my face , and i heard a voice of one that spoke .
those who trust in engraved images , who tell molten images , you are our gods ' will be turned back . they will be utterly disappointed .
inhabitant of lebanon , who makes your nest in the cedars , how greatly to be pitied shall you be when pangs come on you , the pain as of a woman in travail !
the remnant that is escaped of the house of judah will again take root downward , and bear fruit upward .
god said to abraham , as for sarai your wife , you shall not call her name sarai , but her name will be sarah .
they had a few small fish . having blessed them , he said to serve these also .
be exalted , god , above the heavens , let your glory be over all the earth .
my son , eat honey , for it is good ; the droppings of the honeycomb , which are sweet to your taste :
but you , yahweh , will abide forever ; your renown endures to all generations .
confess your offenses to one another , and pray one for another , that you may be healed . the insistent prayer of a righteous person is powerfully effective .
david was the youngest ; and the three eldest followed saul .
about three hours later , his wife , not knowing what had happened , came in .
yes , he scoffs at kings , and princes are a derision to him . he laughs at every stronghold , for he builds up an earthen ramp , and takes it .
woe to the worthless shepherd who leaves the flock ! the sword will be on his arm , and on his right eye . his arm will be completely withered , and his right eye will be totally blinded !
for i am afraid that by any means , when i come , i might find you not the way i want to , and that i might be found by you as you do n't desire ; that by any means there would be strife , jealousy , outbursts of anger , factions , slander , whisperings , proud thoughts , riots ;
for christ sent me not to baptize , but to preach the good newsnot in wisdom of words , so that the cross of christ would n't be made void .
let them praise the name of yahweh , for he commanded , and they were created .
the wilderness grasslands overflow . the hills are clothed with gladness .
and all the oxen for the sacrifice of peace offerings twenty - four bulls , the rams sixty , the male goats sixty , the male lambs a year old sixty . this was the dedication of the altar , after it was anointed .
they change the night into day , saying the light is near ' in the presence of darkness .
behold , all those who are incensed against you will be disappointed and confounded . those who strive with you will be like nothing , and shall perish .
because your heart was tender , and you did humble yourself before yahweh , when you heard what i spoke against this place , and against the inhabitants of it , that they should become a desolation and a curse , and have torn your clothes , and wept before me ; i also have heard you , says yahweh .
therefore , if food causes my brother to stumble , i will eat no meat forevermore , that i do n't cause my brother to stumble .
it is sown in dishonor ; it is raised in glory . it is sown in weakness ; it is raised in power .
there was sore war against the philistines all the days of saul : and when saul saw any mighty man , or any valiant man , he took him to him .
therefore also we make it our aim , whether at home or absent , to be well pleasing to him .
the days in which we came from kadesh barnea , until we were come over the brook zered , were thirty - eight years ; until all the generation of the men of war were consumed from the midst of the camp , as yahweh swore to them .
he who is to be cleansed shall wash his clothes , and shave off all his hair , and bathe himself in water ; and he shall be clean . after that he shall come into the camp , but shall dwell outside his tent seven days .
they shall not dwell in your land , lest they make you sin against me , for if you serve their gods , it will surely be a snare to you .
now the rest of the acts of elah , and all that he did , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of israel ?
there fell of benjamin eighteen thousand men ; all these were men of valor .
what man is he who shall live and not see death , who shall deliver his soul from the power of sheol ? selah .
mattithiah , one of the levites , who was the firstborn of shallum the korahite , had the office of trust over the things that were baked in pans .
be exalted , god , above the heavens ! let your glory be above all the earth !
nobody takes this honor on himself , but he is called by god , just like aaron was .
to those who keep his covenant , to those who remember to obey his precepts .
that your rejoicing may abound in christ jesus in me through my presence with you again .
those who stay long at the wine ; those who go to seek out mixed wine .
when these went into micah 's house , and fetched the engraved image , the ephod , and the teraphim , and the molten image , the priest said to them , what do you ?
behold , i am against you , you proud one , says the lord , yahweh of armies ; for your day is come , the time that i will visit you .
then the angel of yahweh put forth the end of the staff that was in his hand , and touched the flesh and the unleavened cakes ; and there went up fire out of the rock , and consumed the flesh and the unleavened cakes ; and the angel of yahweh departed out of his sight .
and it shall be , if the wicked man be worthy to be beaten , that the judge shall cause him to lie down , and to be beaten before his face , according to his wickedness , by number .
mahlon and chilion died both of them ; and the woman was left of her two children and of her husband .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
jehoshaphat the son of asa began to reign over judah in the fourth year of ahab king of israel .
now he who establishes us with you in christ , and anointed us , is god ;
our oxen will pull heavy loads . there is no breaking in , and no going away , and no outcry in our streets .
for i was ashamed to ask of the king a band of soldiers and horsemen to help us against the enemy in the way , because we had spoken to the king , saying , the hand of our god is on all those who seek him , for good ; but his power and his wrath is against all those who forsake him .
he did that which was right in the eyes of yahweh , according to all that his father amaziah had done .
shallum the son of jabesh conspired against him , and struck him before the people , and killed him , and reigned in his place .
for why should you , my son , be captivated with an adulteress ? why embrace the bosom of another ?
they said , if we have found favor in your sight , let this land be given to your servants for a possession ; do n't bring us over the jordan .
the noise of it tells about him , and the livestock also concerning the storm that comes up .
you shall stand outside , and the man to whom you do lend shall bring forth the pledge outside to you .
so the king and haman came to banquet with esther the queen .
it seemed good to us , having come to one accord , to choose out men and send them to you with our beloved barnabas and paul ,
lift up your hands in the sanctuary . praise yahweh !
i discerned , and behold , god had not sent him ; but he pronounced this prophecy against me : and tobiah and sanballat had hired him .
they shall eat the flesh in that night , roasted with fire , and unleavened bread . they shall eat it with bitter herbs .
his hands are like rings of gold set with beryl . his body is like ivory work overlaid with sapphires .
when evening had come , the lord of the vineyard said to his steward , call the laborers and pay them their wages , beginning from the last to the first . '
they shall not lie with the mighty who are fallen of the uncircumcised , who are gone down to sheol with their weapons of war , and have laid their swords under their heads , and their iniquities are on their bones ; for they were the terror of the mighty in the land of the living .
therefore the lord , yahweh of armies , the mighty one of israel , says : ah , i will get relief from my adversaries , and avenge myself of my enemies ;
not to many peoples of a strange speech and of a hard language , whose words you can not understand . surely , if i sent you to them , they would listen to you .
on the second day were gathered together the heads of fathers ' houses of all the people , the priests , and the levites , to ezra the scribe , even to give attention to the words of the law .
the humble have seen it , and are glad . you who seek after god , let your heart live .
you are puffed up , and did n't rather mourn , that he who had done this deed might be removed from among you .
the king talked with them ; and among them all was found none like daniel , hananiah , mishael , and azariah : therefore stood they before the king .
the peaceable folds are brought to silence because of the fierce anger of yahweh .
david was greatly distressed ; for the people spoke of stoning him , because the soul of all the people was grieved , every man for his sons and for his daughters : but david strengthened himself in yahweh his god .
i advanced in the jews ' religion beyond many of my own age among my countrymen , being more exceedingly zealous for the traditions of my fathers .
now there was a man of the pharisees named nicodemus , a ruler of the jews .
i perceived that the portions of the levites had not been given them ; so that the levites and the singers , who did the work , were fled everyone to his field .
i was also perfect toward him ; i kept myself from my iniquity .
saying that the son of man must be delivered up into the hands of sinful men , and be crucified , and the third day rise again ?
and say you to them , thus says yahweh , the god of israel : cursed be the man who does n't hear the words of this covenant ,
that innocent blood not be shed in the midst of your land , which yahweh your god gives you for an inheritance , and so blood be on you .
they set forward from the mount of yahweh three days ' journey ; and the ark of the covenant of yahweh went before them three days ' journey , to seek out a resting place for them .
he will keep the feet of his holy ones ; but the wicked shall be put to silence in darkness ; for by strength shall no man prevail .
what man is there who has pledged to be married a wife , and has not taken her ? let him go and return to his house , lest he die in the battle , and another man take her .
for , he put all things in subjection under his feet . but when he says , all things are put in subjection , it is evident that he is excepted who subjected all things to him .
but all the silver , and gold , and vessels of brass and iron , are holy to yahweh : they shall come into the treasury of yahweh .
the arabah also , and the jordan and the border of it , from chinnereth even to the sea of the arabah , the salt sea , under the slopes of pisgah eastward .
the king and jehoiada gave it to such as did the work of the service of the house of yahweh ; and they hired masons and carpenters to restore the house of yahweh , and also such as worked iron and brass to repair the house of yahweh .
they hunt our steps , so that we ca n't go in our streets : our end is near , our days are fulfilled ; for our end is come .
asa had an army that bore bucklers and spears , out of judah three hundred thousand ; and out of benjamin , that bore shields and drew bows , two hundred eighty thousand : all these were mighty men of valor .
do not abhor us , for your name 's sake ; do not disgrace the throne of your glory : remember , do n't break your covenant with us .
the angel of yahweh came , and sat under the oak which was in ophrah , that pertained to joash the abiezrite : and his son gideon was beating out wheat in the winepress , to hide it from the midianites .
therefore i also have struck you with a grievous wound . i have made you desolate because of your sins .
do n't move the ancient boundary stone , which your fathers have set up .
again , when the wicked man turns away from his wickedness that he has committed , and does that which is lawful and right , he shall save his soul alive .
but the tax collector , standing far away , would n't even lift up his eyes to heaven , but beat his breast , saying , god , be merciful to me , a sinner ! '
now jehoram the son of ahab began to reign over israel in samaria in the eighteenth year of jehoshaphat king of judah , and reigned twelve years .
i am yahweh your god , who brought you forth out of the land of egypt , to give you the land of canaan , and to be your god .
that no flesh should boast before god .
yahweh , i cry to you , for the fire has devoured the pastures of the wilderness , and the flame has burned all the trees of the field .
they put away the foreign gods from among them , and served yahweh ; and his soul was grieved for the misery of israel .
one winking with the eye causes sorrow , but a chattering fool will fall .
as for the ten horns , out of this kingdom shall ten kings arise : and another shall arise after them ; and he shall be diverse from the former , and he shall put down three kings .
all the days of the afflicted are wretched , but one who has a cheerful heart enjoys a continual feast .
now when morning had come , all the chief priests and the elders of the people took counsel against jesus to put him to death :
then david arose from the earth , and washed , and anointed himself , and changed his clothing ; and he came into the house of yahweh , and worshiped : then he came to his own house ; and when he required , they set bread before him , and he ate .
jehoahaz begged yahweh , and yahweh listened to him ; for he saw the oppression of israel , how that the king of syria oppressed them .
nebuchadnezzar also carried of the vessels of the house of yahweh to babylon , and put them in his temple at babylon .
this is the law which moses set before the children of israel :
of the hebronites was jerijah the chief , even of the hebronites , according to their generations by fathers ' houses . in the fortieth year of the reign of david they were sought for , and there were found among them mighty men of valor at jazer of gilead .
command therefore that the tomb be made secure until the third day , lest perhaps his disciples come at night and steal him away , and tell the people , he is risen from the dead ; ' and the last deception will be worse than the first .
is the iniquity of peor too little for us , from which we have not cleansed ourselves to this day , although there came a plague on the congregation of yahweh ,
do n't move the ancient boundary stone . do n't encroach on the fields of the fatherless :
he will judge between the nations , and will decide concerning many peoples ; and they shall beat their swords into plowshares , and their spears into pruning hooks . nation shall not lift up sword against nation , neither shall they learn war any more .
a day of darkness and gloominess , a day of clouds and thick darkness . as the dawn spreading on the mountains , a great and strong people ; there has never been the like , neither will there be any more after them , even to the years of many generations .
that you may crush them , dipping your foot in blood , that the tongues of your dogs may have their portion from your enemies .
from the bottom on the ground to the lower ledge shall be two cubits , and the breadth one cubit ; and from the lesser ledge to the greater ledge shall be four cubits , and the breadth a cubit .
mordecai walked every day before the court of the women 's house , to know how esther did , and what would become of her .
because you did n't serve yahweh your god with joyfulness , and with gladness of heart , by reason of the abundance of all things ;
you shall make poles of acacia wood , and overlay them with gold .
he sent forth a dove from him , to see if the waters were abated from the surface of the ground ,
say you to the people , sanctify yourselves against tomorrow , and you shall eat flesh ; for you have wept in the ears of yahweh , saying , who shall give us flesh to eat ? for it was well with us in egypt : therefore yahweh will give you flesh , and you shall eat .
his delight will be in the fear of yahweh . he will not judge by the sight of his eyes , neither decide by the hearing of his ears ;
they asked him , teacher , so when will these things be ? what is the sign that these things are about to happen ?
these are the days of the years of abraham 's life which he lived : one hundred seventy - five years .
ten cubits shall be the length of a board , and one and a half cubits the breadth of each board .
they shall roar together like young lions ; they shall growl as lions ' cubs .
wo n't your debtors rise up suddenly , and wake up those who make you tremble , and you will be their victim ?
whoever is an accomplice of a thief is an enemy of his own soul . he takes an oath , but dares not testify .
tell them , if anyone of all your seed throughout your generations approaches the holy things , which the children of israel make holy to yahweh , having his uncleanness on him , that soul shall be cut off from before me . i am yahweh .
come you , say they , i will get wine , and we will fill ourselves with strong drink ; and tomorrow shall be as this day , a day great beyond measure .
for we have heard him say that this jesus of nazareth will destroy this place , and will change the customs which moses delivered to us .
therefore if anyone is in christ , he is a new creation . the old things have passed away . behold , all things have become new .
when the anger of god went up against them , killed some of the fattest of them , and struck down the young men of israel .
the chariots of god are tens of thousands and thousands of thousands . the lord is among them , from sinai , into the sanctuary .
and has n't brought it to the door of the tent of meeting , to offer it as an offering to yahweh before the tabernacle of yahweh : blood shall be imputed to that man . he has shed blood ; and that man shall be cut off from among his people .
that i will not take a thread nor a sandal strap nor anything that is yours , lest you should say , i have made abram rich . '
to the end that you should walk worthily of god , who calls you into his own kingdom and glory .
send me also cedar trees , fir trees , and algum trees , out of lebanon ; for i know that your servants know how to cut timber in lebanon : and behold , my servants shall be with your servants ,
now the philistines had come and spread themselves in the valley of rephaim .
for they could not keep it at that time , because the priests had not sanctified themselves in sufficient number , neither had the people gathered themselves together to jerusalem .
behold , i have set before you this day life and good , and death and evil ;
in the year that king uzziah died , i saw the lord sitting on a throne , high and lifted up ; and his train filled the temple .
yes , making it my aim to preach the good news , not where christ was already named , that i might not build on another 's foundation .
though i speak , my grief is not subsided . though i forbear , what am i eased ?
when they had gone through the region of phrygia and galatia , they were forbidden by the holy spirit to speak the word in asia .
will you trust him , because his strength is great ? or will you leave to him your labor ?
if your brother becomes poor , and sells some of his possessions , then his kinsman who is next to him shall come , and redeem that which his brother has sold .
harness the horses , and get up , you horsemen , and stand forth with your helmets ; furbish the spears , put on the coats of mail .
therefore their people return to them , and they drink up waters of abundance .
the rooster crowed the second time . peter remembered the word , how that jesus said to him , before the rooster crows twice , you will deny me three times . when he thought about that , he wept .
the work of the wheels was like the work of a chariot wheel : their axles , and their rims , and their spokes , and their naves , were all molten .
yahweh do so to jonathan , and more also , should it please my father to do you evil , if i do n't disclose it to you , and send you away , that you may go in peace : and yahweh be with you , as he has been with my father .
he said to her , stand in the door of the tent , and it shall be , when any man does come and inquire of you , and say , is there any man here ? that you shall say , no .
the children of israel who were present at jerusalem kept the feast of unleavened bread seven days with great gladness ; and the levites and the priests praised yahweh day by day , singing with loud instruments to yahweh .
it happened , when samuel was old , that he made his sons judges over israel .
for the west side were hangings of fifty cubits , their pillars ten , and their sockets ten ; the hooks of the pillars , and their fillets , of silver .
praise yah ! praise the name of yahweh ! praise him , you servants of yahweh ,
his sons come to honor , and he does n't know it ; they are brought low , but he does n't perceive it of them .
how long , yahweh ? will you forget me forever ? how long will you hide your face from me ?
with him was oholiab , the son of ahisamach , of the tribe of dan , an engraver , and a skillful workman , and an embroiderer in blue , in purple , in scarlet , and in fine linen .
not because we do n't have the right , but to make ourselves an example to you , that you should imitate us .
leave them alone . they are blind guides of the blind . if the blind guide the blind , both will fall into a pit .
david inquired again of god ; and god said to him , you shall not go up after them : turn away from them , and come on them over against the mulberry trees .
he will turn the hearts of the fathers to the children , and the hearts of the children to their fathers , lest i come and strike the earth with a curse .
jesus said therefore again to them , i am going away , and you will seek me , and you will die in your sins . where i go , you ca n't come .
so david received of her hand that which she had brought him : and he said to her , go up in peace to your house ; behold , i have listened to your voice , and have accepted your person .
moses was very angry , and said to yahweh , do n't respect their offering : i have not taken one donkey from them , neither have i hurt one of them .
there went out after him joab 's men , and the cherethites and the pelethites , and all the mighty men ; and they went out of jerusalem , to pursue after sheba the son of bichri .
the labor of the righteous leads to life . the increase of the wicked leads to sin .
violence shall no more be heard in your land , desolation nor destruction within your borders ; but you shall call your walls salvation , and your gates praise .
and they lay themselves down beside every altar on clothes taken in pledge ; and in the house of their god they drink the wine of those who have been fined .
the officers answered , no man ever spoke like this man !
this was the dedication of the altar , on the day when it was anointed , by the princes of israel : twelve silver platters , twelve silver bowls , twelve golden ladles ;
laban said to him , if now i have found favor in your eyes , stay here , for i have divined that yahweh has blessed me for your sake .
then he shall confess his sin which he has done , and he shall make restitution for his guilt in full , and add to it the fifth part of it , and give it to him in respect of whom he has been guilty .
but when the children of israel cried to yahweh , yahweh raised them up a savior , ehud the son of gera , the benjamite , a man left - handed . the children of israel sent tribute by him to eglon the king of moab .
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
the children of israel traveled , and encamped in the plains of moab beyond the jordan at jericho .
also when a woman vows a vow to yahweh , and binds herself by a bond , being in her father 's house , in her youth ,
who knows the spirit of man , whether it goes upward , and the spirit of the animal , whether it goes downward to the earth ?
when yahweh saw that he turned aside to see , god called to him out of the midst of the bush , and said , moses ! moses ! he said , here i am .
am i a sea , or a sea monster , that you put a guard over me ?
but sihon did n't trust israel to pass through his border ; but sihon gathered all his people together , and encamped in jahaz , and fought against israel .
all of your commandments are faithful . they persecute me wrongfully . help me !
these men are shepherds , for they have been keepers of livestock , and they have brought their flocks , and their herds , and all that they have . '
the bramble said to the trees , if in truth you anoint me king over you , then come and take refuge in my shade ; and if not , let fire come out of the bramble , and devour the cedars of lebanon .
now when he had risen early on the first day of the week , he appeared first to mary magdalene , from whom he had cast out seven demons .
but jonah rose up to flee to tarshish from the presence of yahweh . he went down to joppa , and found a ship going to tarshish ; so he paid its fare , and went down into it , to go with them to tarshish from the presence of yahweh .
but if anyone builds on the foundation with gold , silver , costly stones , wood , hay , or stubble ;
thus says yahweh , the god of israel : i made a covenant with your fathers in the day that i brought them forth out of the land of egypt , out of the house of bondage , saying ,
and they played the prostitute in egypt ; they played the prostitute in their youth ; there were their breasts pressed , and there was handled the bosom of their virginity .
he made darkness pavilions round about him , gathering of waters , thick clouds of the skies .
his sneezing flashes forth light , his eyes are like the eyelids of the morning .
you shall not sacrifice to yahweh your god an ox , or a sheep , in which is a blemish , or anything evil ; for that is an abomination to yahweh your god .
but there was a strong tower within the city , and there fled all the men and women , and all they of the city , and shut themselves in , and got them up to the roof of the tower .
go and speak to david , thus says yahweh , i offer you three things : choose you one of them , that i may do it to you .
yahweh god of armies , how long will you be angry against the prayer of your people ?
zion spreads forth her hands ; there is none to comfort her ; yahweh has commanded concerning jacob , that those who are round about him should be his adversaries : jerusalem is among them as an unclean thing .
where i go , you know , and you know the way .
who , having received such a charge , threw them into the inner prison , and secured their feet in the stocks .
for the fool will speak folly , and his heart will work iniquity , to practice profanity , and to utter error against yahweh , to make empty the soul of the hungry , and to cause the drink of the thirsty to fail .
besides their male servants and their female servants , of whom there were seven thousand three hundred thirty - seven : and they had two hundred singing men and singing women .
leave out the court which is outside of the temple , and do n't measure it , for it has been given to the nations . they will tread the holy city under foot for forty - two months .
because they have not listened to my words , says yahweh , with which i sent to them my servants the prophets , rising up early and sending them ; but you would not hear , says yahweh .
the suburbs of the cities , which you shall give to the levites , shall be from the wall of the city and outward one thousand cubits round about .
be instructed , jerusalem , lest my soul be alienated from you ; lest i make you a desolation , a land not inhabited .
otherwise if you bless with the spirit , how will he who fills the place of the unlearned say the amen at your giving of thanks , seeing he does n't know what you say ?
moreover uzziah had an army of fighting men , who went out to war by bands , according to the number of their reckoning made by jeiel the scribe and maaseiah the officer , under the hand of hananiah , one of the king 's captains .
he answered them , he who has two coats , let him give to him who has none . he who has food , let him do likewise .
as paul was about to be brought into the barracks , he asked the commanding officer , may i speak to you ? he said , do you know greek ?
esau said to jacob , please feed me with that same red stew , for i am famished . therefore his name was called edom .
moses said to the people , remember this day , in which you came out from egypt , out of the house of bondage ; for by strength of hand yahweh brought you out from this place . no leavened bread shall be eaten .
but jesus said , allow the little children , and do n't forbid them to come to me ; for to such belongs the kingdom of heaven .
jacob 's sons came on the dead , and plundered the city , because they had defiled their sister .
the earth trembles at the noise of their fall ; there is a cry , the noise which is heard in the red sea .
his parents said these things because they feared the jews ; for the jews had already agreed that if any man would confess him as christ , he would be put out of the synagogue .
all these were of the sons of obed - edom : they and their sons and their brothers , able men in strength for the service ; sixty - two of obed - edom .
rebekah spoke to jacob her son , saying , behold , i heard your father speak to esau your brother , saying ,
the servants of the king of syria said to him , their god is a god of the hills ; therefore they were stronger than we : but let us fight against them in the plain , and surely we shall be stronger than they .
so he brought him into his house , and gave the donkeys fodder ; and they washed their feet , and ate and drink .
those who dwell in my house , and my maids , count me for a stranger . i am an alien in their sight .
for he walked in all the way of jeroboam the son of nebat , and in his sins with which he made israel to sin , to provoke yahweh , the god of israel , to anger with their vanities .
his division , and those who were numbered of them , were sixty - two thousand seven hundred .
he who loves his life will lose it . he who hates his life in this world will keep it to eternal life .
the king said to esther the queen , the jews have slain and destroyed five hundred men in shushan the palace , and the ten sons of haman ; what then have they done in the rest of the king 's provinces ! now what is your petition ? and it shall be granted you : or what is your request further ? and it shall be done .
the priests and the levites purified themselves ; and they purified the people , and the gates , and the wall .
and was there until the death of herod ; that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the lord through the prophet , saying , out of egypt i called my son .
for i will defend this city to save it , for my own sake , and for my servant david 's sake . '
for i have kept the ways of yahweh , and have not wickedly departed from my god .
so the armed men left the captives and the spoil before the princes and all the assembly .
i will pour out my indignation on you ; i will blow on you with the fire of my wrath ; and i will deliver you into the hand of brutish men , skillful to destroy .
behold , the days come , that i will cut off your arm , and the arm of your father 's house , that there shall not be an old man in your house .
moreover , when you shall divide by lot the land for inheritance , you shall offer an offering to yahweh , a holy portion of the land ; the length shall be the length of twenty - five thousand reeds , and the breadth shall be ten thousand : it shall be holy in all the border of it round about .
besides those who were reckoned by genealogy of males , from three years old and upward , even everyone who entered into the house of yahweh , as the duty of every day required , for their service in their offices according to their divisions ;
david went out wherever saul sent him , and behaved himself wisely : and saul set him over the men of war , and it was good in the sight of all the people , and also in the sight of saul 's servants .
a day to build your walls in that day , he will extend your boundary .
and the pelican , and the vulture , and the cormorant ,
their father gave them great gifts , of silver , and of gold , and of precious things , with fortified cities in judah : but the kingdom gave he to jehoram , because he was the firstborn .
and you shall beat some of it very small , and put some of it before the testimony in the tent of meeting , where i will meet with you . it shall be to you most holy .
who tell the seers , do n't see ! and to the prophets , do n't prophesy to us right things . tell us pleasant things . prophesy deceits .
you who tear yourself in your anger , shall the earth be forsaken for you ? or shall the rock be removed out of its place ?
stand in the gate of yahweh 's house , and proclaim there this word , and say , hear the word of yahweh , all you of judah , who enter in at these gates to worship yahweh .
israel has cast off that which is good . the enemy will pursue him .
even if i do judge , my judgment is true , for i am not alone , but i am with the father who sent me .
they performed miracles among them , and wonders in the land of ham .
and david arose and went , he and his men , and killed of the philistines two hundred men ; and david brought their foreskins , and they gave them in full number to the king , that he might be the king 's son - in - law . saul gave him michal his daughter as wife .
jesus answered them , go and tell john the things which you have seen and heard : that the blind receive their sight , the lame walk , the lepers are cleansed , the deaf hear , the dead are raised up , and the poor have good news preached to them .
also maacah , the mother of asa the king , he removed from being queen , because she had made an abominable image for an asherah ; and asa cut down her image , and made dust of it , and burnt it at the brook kidron .
yahweh of armies will defend them ; and they will destroy and overcome with sling stones ; and they will drink , and roar as through wine ; and they will be filled like bowls , like the corners of the altar .
yahweh , in trouble they have visited you . they poured out a prayer when your chastening was on them .
your fierce wrath has gone over me . your terrors have cut me off .
so he departed there , and found elisha the son of shaphat , who was plowing , with twelve yoke of oxen before him , and he with the twelfth : and elijah passed over to him , and cast his mantle on him .
therefore you will give a parting gift to moresheth gath . the houses of achzib will be a deceitful thing to the kings of israel .
then shall his father and his mother lay hold on him , and bring him out to the elders of his city , and to the gate of his place ;
of the gold , the silver , and the brass , and the iron , there is no number . arise and be doing , and yahweh be with you .
saying , most surely i will bless you , and i will surely multiply you .
it is not in heaven , that you should say , who shall go up for us to heaven , and bring it to us , and make us to hear it , that we may do it ?
he was in the world , and the world was made through him , and the world did n't recognize him .
for you always have the poor with you ; but you do n't always have me .
thus all the work that king solomon worked in the house of yahweh was finished . solomon brought in the things which david his father had dedicated , even the silver , and the gold , and the vessels , and put them in the treasuries of the house of yahweh .
moreover i make a decree what you shall do to these elders of the jews for the building of this house of god : that of the king 's goods , even of the tribute beyond the river , expenses be given with all diligence to these men , that they be not hindered .
the trees said to the fig tree , come you , and reign over us .
therefore do n't you pray for this people , neither lift up a cry nor prayer for them , neither make intercession to me ; for i will not hear you .
and behold , seven other cattle came up after them , poor and very ugly and thin , such as i never saw in all the land of egypt for ugliness .
balak said to balaam , neither curse them at all , nor bless them at all .
which our twelve tribes , earnestly serving night and day , hope to attain . concerning this hope i am accused by the jews , king agrippa !
it will blossom abundantly , and rejoice even with joy and singing . lebanon 's glory lebanon will be given to it , the excellence of carmel and sharon . they will see yahweh 's glory , the excellence of our god .
like a muddied spring , and a polluted well , so is a righteous man who gives way before the wicked .
but when this corruptible will have put on incorruption , and this mortal will have put on immortality , then what is written will happen : death is swallowed up in victory .
the righteous one considers the house of the wicked , and brings the wicked to ruin .
the sons of jacob answered shechem and hamor his father with deceit , and spoke , because he had defiled dinah their sister ,
he knew their palaces , and laid waste their cities ; and the land was desolate , and the fullness of it , because of the noise of his roaring .
bring out of the camp him who cursed ; and let all who heard him lay their hands on his head , and let all the congregation stone him .
but when the pharisees heard it , they said , this man does not cast out demons , except by beelzebul , the prince of the demons .
i call to my servant , and he gives me no answer ; i beg him with my mouth .
who are you who judge another 's servant ? to his own lord he stands or falls . yes , he will be made to stand , for god has power to make him stand .
you brought us into prison . you laid a burden on our backs .
for yahweh our god , he it is who brought us and our fathers up out of the land of egypt , from the house of bondage , and who did those great signs in our sight , and preserved us in all the way in which we went , and among all the peoples through the midst of whom we passed ;
i asked the angel who talked with me , what are these ? he answered me , these are the horns which have scattered judah , israel , and jerusalem .
the sons of israel did so . joseph gave them wagons , according to the commandment of pharaoh , and gave them provision for the way .
they taught in judah , having the book of the law of yahweh with them ; and they went about throughout all the cities of judah , and taught among the people .
if anyone has ears to hear , let him hear !
but that we write to them that they abstain from the pollution of idols , from sexual immorality , from what is strangled , and from blood .
when she had said this , she went away , and called mary , her sister , secretly , saying , the teacher is here , and is calling you .
for there are set thrones for judgment , the thrones of david 's house .
you have renounced the covenant of your servant . you have defiled his crown in the dust .
i will set up one shepherd over them , and he shall feed them , even my servant david ; he shall feed them , and he shall be their shepherd .
one who had escaped came and told abram , the hebrew . now he lived by the oaks of mamre , the amorite , brother of eshcol , and brother of aner ; and these were allies of abram .
now the rest of the acts of omri which he did , and his might that he shown , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of israel ?
how is the gold become dim ! how is the most pure gold changed ! the stones of the sanctuary are poured out at the head of every street .
for you therefore who believe is the honor , but for such as are disobedient , the stone which the builders rejected , has become the chief cornerstone ,
but she will be saved through her childbearing , if they continue in faith , love , and sanctification with sobriety .
but you are full of the judgment of the wicked . judgment and justice take hold of you .
it happened , while they were smiting , and i was left , that i fell on my face , and cried , and said , ah lord yahweh ! will you destroy all the residue of israel in your pouring out of your wrath on jerusalem ?
now therefore see the king whom you have chosen , and whom you have asked for : and behold , yahweh has set a king over you .
behold , fire came down from the sky , and consumed the two former captains of fifty with their fifties ; but now let my life be precious in your sight .
while you sleep among the campfires , the wings of a dove sheathed with silver , her feathers with shining gold .
( but if she departs , let her remain unmarried , or else be reconciled to her husband ) , and that the husband not leave his wife .
and you , child , will be called a prophet of the most high , for you will go before the face of the lord to make ready his ways ,
jesus said to him , go your way . your faith has made you well . immediately he received his sight , and followed jesus in the way .
one of them named agabus stood up , and indicated by the spirit that there should be a great famine all over the world , which also happened in the days of claudius .
this is the end of the matter . all has been heard . fear god , and keep his commandments ; for this is the whole duty of man .
the king commanded , and they brought those men who had accused daniel , and they cast them into the den of lions , them , their children , and their wives ; and the lions had the mastery of them , and broke all their bones in pieces , before they came to the bottom of the den .
also you shall take some of the ram 's fat , the fat tail , the fat that covers the innards , the cover of the liver , the two kidneys , the fat that is on them , and the right thigh ( for it is a ram of consecration ) ,
therefore let us also , seeing we are surrounded by so great a cloud of witnesses , lay aside every weight and the sin which so easily entangles us , and let us run with patience the race that is set before us ,
have they not found , have they not divided the spoil ? a lady , two ladies to every man ; to sisera a spoil of dyed garments , a spoil of dyed garments embroidered , of dyed garments embroidered on both sides , on the necks of the spoil ?
for there is an annulling of a foregoing commandment because of its weakness and uselessness
when the men of israel who were on the other side of the valley , and those who were beyond the jordan , saw that the men of israel fled , and that saul and his sons were dead , they forsook the cities , and fled ; and the philistines came and lived in them .
wisdom and knowledge is granted to you ; and i will give you riches , and wealth , and honor , such as none of the kings have had who have been before you ; neither shall there any after you have the like .
if satan also is divided against himself , how will his kingdom stand ? for you say that i cast out demons by beelzebul .
the princes said to them , let them live : so they became wood cutters and drawers of water to all the congregation , as the princes had spoken to them .
the ransom of a man 's life is his riches , but the poor hear no threats .
and let your house be like the house of perez , whom tamar bore to judah , of the seed which yahweh shall give you of this young woman .
three of the thirty chief men went down to the rock to david , into the cave of adullam ; and the army of the philistines were encamped in the valley of rephaim .
but with him who stands here with us this day before yahweh our god , and also with him who is not here with us this day
the sentence is by the decree of the watchers , and the demand by the word of the holy ones ; to the intent that the living may know that the most high rules in the kingdom of men , and gives it to whoever he will , and sets up over it the lowest of men .
as soon as you are come into the city , you shall immediately find him , before he goes up to the high place to eat ; for the people will not eat until he come , because he does bless the sacrifice ; and afterwards they eat who are invited . now therefore get you up ; for at this time you shall find him .
without understanding , covenant breakers , without natural affection , unforgiving , unmerciful ;
there came forth fire from before yahweh , and consumed the burnt offering and the fat upon the altar : and when all the people saw it , they shouted , and fell on their faces .
the land shall not be sold in perpetuity , for the land is mine ; for you are strangers and live as foreigners with me .
they shall fall down slain in the land of the chaldeans , and thrust through in her streets .
achish said , against whom have you made a raid today ? david said , against the south of judah , and against the south of the jerahmeelites , and against the south of the kenites .
that he would show you the secrets of wisdom ! for true wisdom has two sides . know therefore that god exacts of you less than your iniquity deserves .
the house of israel called the name of it manna , and it was like coriander seed , white ; and its taste was like wafers with honey .
then came in all the king 's wise men ; but they could not read the writing , nor make known to the king the interpretation .
he said to them , what counsel do you give , that we may return answer to this people , who have spoken to me , saying , make the yoke that your father did put on us lighter ?
he frustrates the devices of the crafty , so that their hands ca n't perform their enterprise .
they shall take other stones , and put them in the place of those stones ; and he shall take other mortar , and shall plaster the house .
yahweh said to moses , they shall offer their offering , each prince on his day , for the dedication of the altar .
but to the lady you shall do nothing ; there is in the lady no sin worthy of death : for as when a man rises against his neighbor , and kills him , even so is this matter ;
for , behold , yahweh commands , and the great house will be smashed to pieces , and the little house into bits .
wash yourself therefore , and anoint you , and put your clothing on you , and get you down to the threshing floor , but do n't make yourself known to the man , until he shall have done eating and drinking .
i will bear the indignation of yahweh , because i have sinned against him , until he pleads my case , and executes judgment for me . he will bring me forth to the light . i will see his righteousness .
the prophet took up the body of the man of god , and laid it on the donkey , and brought it back ; and he came to the city of the old prophet , to mourn , and to bury him .
love never fails . but where there are prophecies , they will be done away with . where there are various languages , they will cease . where there is knowledge , it will be done away with .
his children are far from safety , they are crushed in the gate . neither is there any to deliver them ,
for the violence done to lebanon will overwhelm you , and the destruction of the animals , which made them afraid ; because of men 's blood , and for the violence done to the land , to every city and to those who dwell in them .
those who were full have hired out themselves for bread ; those who were hungry have ceased to hunger : yes , the barren has borne seven ; she who has many children languishes .
whom do you pass in beauty ? go down , and be laid with the uncircumcised .
others fell among thorns . the thorns grew up and choked them :
the trees said to the vine , come you , and reign over us .
yahweh 's anger was kindled in that day , and he swore , saying ,
yahweh said to moses , behold , you shall sleep with your fathers ; and this people will rise up , and play the prostitute after the strange gods of the land , where they go to be among them , and will forsake me , and break my covenant which i have made with them .
saying , the lord is risen indeed , and has appeared to simon !
then micaiah declared to them all the words that he had heard , when baruch read the book in the ears of the people .
when he shall stand up , his kingdom shall be broken , and shall be divided toward the four winds of the sky , but not to his posterity , nor according to his dominion with which he ruled ; for his kingdom shall be plucked up , even for others besides these .
now indeed even the first covenant had ordinances of divine service , and an earthly sanctuary .
i create the fruit of the lips : peace , peace , to him who is far off and to him who is near , says yahweh ; and i will heal him .
moreover johanan the son of kareah , and all the captains of the forces who were in the fields , came to gedaliah to mizpah ,
for who in the skies can be compared to yahweh ? who among the sons of the heavenly beings is like yahweh ,
i also will choose their delusions , and will bring their fears on them ; because when i called , none did answer ; when i spoke , they did not hear : but they did that which was evil in my eyes , and chose that in which i did n't delight .
for you see your calling , brothers , that not many are wise according to the flesh , not many mighty , and not many noble ;
to bring vashti the queen before the king with the crown royal , to show the peoples and the princes her beauty ; for she was beautiful to look on .
the man looked steadfastly at her , remaining silent , to know whether yahweh had made his journey prosperous or not .
he said , well ; i will make a league with you ; but one thing i require of you : that is , you shall not see my face , except you first bring michal , saul 's daughter , when you come to see my face .
strengthen me with raisins , refresh me with apples ; for i am faint with love .
their widows are increased to me above the sand of the seas ; i have brought on them against the mother of the young men a destroyer at noonday : i have caused anguish and terrors to fall on her suddenly .
now the upper chambers were shorter ; for the galleries took away from these , more than from the lower and the middle , in the building .
then the priests the levites arose and blessed the people : and their voice was heard , and their prayer came up to his holy habitation , even to heaven .
noah became the father of three sons : shem , ham , and japheth .
my mouth will speak the praise of yahweh . let all flesh bless his holy name forever and ever .
she is more precious than rubies . none of the things you can desire are to be compared to her .
the smith makes an axe , and works in the coals , and fashions it with hammers , and works it with his strong arm : yes , he is hungry , and his strength fails ; he drinks no water , and is faint .
gebal , ammon , and amalek ; philistia with the inhabitants of tyre ;
yet you hid these things in your heart . i know that this is with you :
he gave joshua the son of nun a charge , and said , be strong and of good courage ; for you shall bring the children of israel into the land which i swore to them : and i will be with you .
please return . let there be no injustice ; yes , return again , my cause is righteous .
thus shall you do to all the cities which are very far off from you , which are not of the cities of these nations .
they brought it to jesus . they threw their cloaks on the colt , and set jesus on them .
and came and lived in a city called nazareth ; that it might be fulfilled which was spoken through the prophets : he will be called a nazarene .
but it shall be a witness between us and you , and between our generations after us , that we may do the service of yahweh before him with our burnt offerings , and with our sacrifices , and with our peace offerings ; that your children may not tell our children in time to come , you have no portion in yahweh .
she said to him , how can you say , i love you , when your heart is not with me ? you have mocked me these three times , and have not told me in which your great strength lies .
yahweh will fulfill that which concerns me ; your loving kindness , yahweh , endures forever . do n't forsake the works of your own hands .
and you shall hear what they say ; and afterward shall your hands be strengthened to go down into the camp . then went he down with purah his servant to the outermost part of the armed men who were in the camp .
but they , like adam , have broken the covenant . they were unfaithful to me , there .
it was told joab , behold , the king weeps and mourns for absalom .
i will cleanse them from all their iniquity , by which they have sinned against me ; and i will pardon all their iniquities , by which they have sinned against me , and by which they have transgressed against me .
but the fields of the city , and the villages of it , they gave to caleb the son of jephunneh .
woe to those who devise iniquity and work evil on their beds ! when the morning is light , they practice it , because it is in the power of their hand .
when he had thus spoken , he dismissed the assembly .
the anger of yahweh was kindled against uzzah ; and god struck him there for his error ; and there he died by the ark of god .
for if i make you sorry , then who will make me glad but he who is made sorry by me ?
jesus also was invited , with his disciples , to the marriage .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
it happened that , when jeremiah had made an end of speaking to all the people all the words of yahweh their god , with which yahweh their god had sent him to them , even all these words ,
samuel rose early to meet saul in the morning ; and it was told samuel , saying , saul came to carmel , and behold , he set him up a monument , and turned , and passed on , and went down to gilgal .
they said , it is false ; tell us now . he said , thus and thus spoke he to me , saying , thus says yahweh , i have anointed you king over israel .
when they had been long without food , paul stood up in the middle of them , and said , sirs , you should have listened to me , and not have set sail from crete , and have gotten this injury and loss .
you shall call on me , and you shall go and pray to me , and i will listen to you .
by faith , jacob , when he was dying , blessed each of the sons of joseph , and worshiped , leaning on the top of his staff .
it shall happen , because you listen to these ordinances , and keep and do them , that yahweh your god will keep with you the covenant and the loving kindness which he swore to your fathers :
that they may possess the remnant of edom , and all the nations who are called by my name , says yahweh who does this .
but when ahaziah the king of judah saw this , he fled by the way of the garden house . jehu followed after him , and said , smite him also in the chariot : and they struck him at the ascent of gur , which is by ibleam . he fled to megiddo , and died there .
for yahweh will pass through to strike the egyptians ; and when he sees the blood on the lintel , and on the two doorposts , yahweh will pass over the door , and will not allow the destroyer to come in to your houses to strike you .
by this i know that you delight in me , because my enemy does n't triumph over me .
for he has said this somewhere about the seventh day , god rested on the seventh day from all his works ;
immediately one of them ran , and took a sponge , and filled it with vinegar , and put it on a reed , and gave him a drink .
moreover i have heard the groaning of the children of israel , whom the egyptians keep in bondage , and i have remembered my covenant .
but a voice answered me the second time out of heaven , what god has cleansed , do n't you call unclean . '
but he turned , and said to peter , get behind me , satan ! you are a stumbling block to me , for you are not setting your mind on the things of god , but on the things of men .
when we had all fallen to the earth , i heard a voice saying to me in the hebrew language , saul , saul , why are you persecuting me ? it is hard for you to kick against the goads . '
for egypt helps in vain , and to no purpose ; therefore have i called her rahab who sits still .
heaven and earth will pass away , but my words will not pass away .
pharaoh said to joseph , i am pharaoh , and without you shall no man lift up his hand or his foot in all the land of egypt .
therefore prophesy you against them all these words , and tell them , yahweh will roar from on high , and utter his voice from his holy habitation ; he will mightily roar against his fold ; he will give a shout , as those who tread the grapes , against all the inhabitants of the earth .
as when fire kindles the brushwood , and the fire causes the waters to boil ; to make your name known to your adversaries , that the nations may tremble at your presence !
you also made a reservoir between the two walls for the water of the old pool . but you did n't look to him who had done this , neither did you have respect for him who purposed it long ago .
but if one of those who do n't believe invites you to a meal , and you are inclined to go , eat whatever is set before you , asking no questions for the sake of conscience .
after him elon the zebulunite judged israel ; and he judged israel ten years .
in the seventh year jehoiada sent and fetched the captains over hundreds of the carites and of the guard , and brought them to him into the house of yahweh ; and he made a covenant with them , and took an oath of them in the house of yahweh , and shown them the king 's son .
if a man entices a virgin who is n't pledged to be married , and lies with her , he shall surely pay a dowry for her to be his wife .
the king answered them roughly ; and king rehoboam forsook the counsel of the old men ,
moreover , take up a lamentation for the princes of israel ,
how long will you assault a man , would all of you throw him down , like a leaning wall , like a tottering fence ?
i ask then , did they stumble that they might fall ? may it never be ! but by their fall salvation has come to the gentiles , to provoke them to jealousy .
for the overseer must be blameless , as god 's steward ; not self - pleasing , not easily angered , not given to wine , not violent , not greedy for dishonest gain ;
abram was very rich in livestock , in silver , and in gold .
hatred stirs up strife , but love covers all wrongs .
as when one plows and breaks up the earth , our bones are scattered at the mouth of sheol .
a great multitude of the people followed him , including women who also mourned and lamented him .
then they would have swallowed us up alive , when their wrath was kindled against us ;
the locusts went up over all the land of egypt , and rested in all the borders of egypt . they were very grievous . before them there were no such locusts as they , neither after them shall be such .
one who gives to the poor has no lack ; but one who closes his eyes will have many curses .
when you sit to eat with a ruler , consider diligently what is before you ;
he who is the high priest among his brothers , upon whose head the anointing oil is poured , and that is consecrated to put on the garments , shall not let the hair of his head hang loose , nor tear his clothes ;
for your obedience has become known to all . i rejoice therefore over you . but i desire to have you wise in that which is good , but innocent in that which is evil .
i charge you in the sight of god , and christ jesus , and the chosen angels , that you observe these things without prejudice , doing nothing by partiality .
so they feared yahweh , and made to them from among themselves priests of the high places , who sacrificed for them in the houses of the high places .
that was credited to him for righteousness , for all generations to come .
in all things showing yourself an example of good works ; in your teaching showing integrity , seriousness , incorruptibility ,
you shall take the ram of consecration , and boil its flesh in a holy place .
truly i know that it is so , but how can man be just with god ?
for god will bring every work into judgment , with every hidden thing , whether it is good , or whether it is evil .
in hebron he reigned over judah seven years and six months ; and in jerusalem he reigned thirty - three years over all israel and judah .
why will you die , you and your people , by the sword , by the famine , and by the pestilence , as yahweh has spoken concerning the nation that will not serve the king of babylon ?
bring the cloak that i left at troas with carpus when you come , and the books , especially the parchments .
you say , what does god know ? can he judge through the thick darkness ?
you shall labor six days , and do all your work ,
shake yourself from the dust ; arise , sit on your throne , jerusalem : loose yourself from the bonds of your neck , captive daughter of zion .
this day will i begin to put the dread of you and the fear of you on the peoples who are under the whole sky , who shall hear the report of you , and shall tremble , and be in anguish because of you .
the seven years of famine began to come , just as joseph had said . there was famine in all lands , but in all the land of egypt there was bread .
there was also another great eagle with great wings and many feathers : and behold , this vine did bend its roots toward him , and shot forth its branches toward him , from the beds of its plantation , that he might water it .
they took therefore two chariots with horses ; and the king sent after the army of the syrians , saying , go and see .
the labor of fools wearies every one of them ; for he does n't know how to go to the city .
on its hem you shall make pomegranates of blue , and of purple , and of scarlet , around its hem ; and bells of gold between them round about :
having the glory of god . her light was like a most precious stone , as if it was a jasper stone , clear as crystal ;
which nebuchadnezzar king of babylon did n't take , when he carried away captive jeconiah the son of jehoiakim , king of judah , from jerusalem to babylon , and all the nobles of judah and jerusalem ;
do you look at things only as they appear in front of your face ? if anyone trusts in himself that he is christ 's , let him consider this again with himself , that , even as he is christ 's , so also we are christ 's .
a wife is bound by law for as long as her husband lives ; but if the husband is dead , she is free to be married to whoever she desires , only in the lord .
who have kept with your servant david my father that which you did promise him : yes , you spoke with your mouth , and have fulfilled it with your hand , as it is this day .
and the four hundred pomegranates for the two networks ; two rows of pomegranates for each network , to cover the two bowls of the capitals that were on the pillars ;
who by the power of god are guarded through faith for a salvation ready to be revealed in the last time .
rehum the chancellor and shimshai the scribe wrote a letter against jerusalem to artaxerxes the king in this sort :
also , prepare a guest room for me , for i hope that through your prayers i will be restored to you .
but when you make a feast , ask the poor , the maimed , the lame , or the blind ;
you , when you are made desolate , what will you do ? though you clothe yourself with scarlet , though you deck you with ornaments of gold , though you enlarge your eyes with paint , in vain do you make yourself beautiful ; your lovers despise you , they seek your life .
god having provided some better thing concerning us , so that apart from us they should not be made perfect .
so when he had washed their feet , put his outer garment back on , and sat down again , he said to them , do you know what i have done to you ?
these are the animals which you may eat : the ox , the sheep , and the goat ,
the proud have hidden a snare for me , they have spread the cords of a net by the path . they have set traps for me . selah .
i saw the holy city , new jerusalem , coming down out of heaven from god , made ready like a bride adorned for her husband .
would he contend with me in the greatness of his power ? no , but he would listen to me .
but in the seventh year there shall be a sabbath of solemn rest for the land , a sabbath to yahweh . you shall not sow your field or prune your vineyard .
boiling over as water , you shall not excell ; because you went up to your father 's bed ; then defiled it . he went up to my couch .
my days are past , my plans are broken off , as are the thoughts of my heart .
the city is left in desolation , and the gate is struck with destruction .
and how the chief priests and our rulers delivered him up to be condemned to death , and crucified him .
the words of the wise are like goads ; and like nails well fastened are words from the masters of assemblies , which are given from one shepherd .
now i know that yahweh saves his anointed . he will answer him from his holy heaven , with the saving strength of his right hand .
so that you are not seen by men to be fasting , but by your father who is in secret , and your father , who sees in secret , will reward you .
the friendship of yahweh is with those who fear him . he will show them his covenant .
he came and preached peace to you who were far off and to those who were near .
and if you draw out your soul to the hungry , and satisfy the afflicted soul : then shall your light rise in darkness , and your obscurity be as the noonday ;
the prophet who has a dream , let him tell a dream ; and he who has my word , let him speak my word faithfully . what is the straw to the wheat ? says yahweh .
he said , throw her down . so they threw her down ; and some of her blood was sprinkled on the wall , and on the horses : and he trod her under foot .
the king said to him , go in peace . so he arose , and went to hebron .
do n't rejoice against me , my enemy . when i fall , i will arise . when i sit in darkness , yahweh will be a light to me .
it was square . they made the breastplate double . its length was a span , and its breadth a span , being double .
your throne is established from long ago . you are from everlasting .
concerning shemaiah the nehelamite you shall speak , saying ,
saying , go your way into the village on the other side , in which , as you enter , you will find a colt tied , whereon no man ever yet sat . untie it , and bring it .
shall even one who hates justice govern ? will you condemn him who is righteous and mighty ?
you shall remember that you were a servant in the land of egypt , and yahweh your god brought you out of there by a mighty hand and by an outstretched arm : therefore yahweh your god commanded you to keep the sabbath day .
this day will yahweh deliver you into my hand ; and i will strike you , and take your head from off you ; and i will give the dead bodies of the army of the philistines this day to the birds of the sky , and to the wild animals of the earth ; that all the earth may know that there is a god in israel ,
jonathan said to the young man who bore his armor , come , and let us go over to the garrison of these uncircumcised : it may be that yahweh will work for us ; for there is no restraint to yahweh to save by many or by few .
stand firm therefore in the liberty by which christ has made us free , and do n't be entangled again with a yoke of bondage .
a man of the house of levi went and took a daughter of levi as his wife .
these are those who were numbered , whom moses and aaron numbered , and the princes of israel , being twelve men : they were each one for his fathers ' house .
which is a symbol of the present age , where gifts and sacrifices are offered that are incapable , concerning the conscience , of making the worshipper perfect ;
david said to god , is n't it i who commanded the people to be numbered ? it is even i who have sinned and done very wickedly ; but these sheep , what have they done ? please let your hand , o yahweh my god , be against me , and against my father 's house ; but not against your people , that they should be plagued .
it happened when we came up to your servant my father , we told him the words of my lord .
a dishonest man detests the righteous , and the upright in their ways detest the wicked .
do n't defile yourselves in any of these things : for in all these the nations which i am casting out before you were defiled .
you shall not muzzle the ox when he treads out the grain .
with which your enemies have mocked , yahweh , with which they have mocked the footsteps of your anointed one .
do n't you know this from old time , since man was placed on earth ,
see now , this city is near to flee to , and it is a little one . oh let me escape there ( is n't it a little one ? ) , and my soul will live .
and whatever we ask , we receive from him , because we keep his commandments and do the things that are pleasing in his sight .
when her days to be delivered were fulfilled , behold , there were twins in her womb .
avenge the children of israel of the midianites : afterward you shall be gathered to your people .
and all ate the same spiritual food ;
but draw near here , you sons of the sorceress , the seed of the adulterer and the prostitute .
therefore , behold , i will proceed to do a marvelous work among this people , even a marvelous work and a wonder ; and the wisdom of their wise men will perish , and the understanding of their prudent men will be hidden .
but if anyone does n't provide for his own , and especially his own household , he has denied the faith , and is worse than an unbeliever .
all the people saw him walking and praising god .
immediately he received his sight , and followed him , glorifying god . all the people , when they saw it , praised god .
to teach you truth , reliable words , to give sound answers to the ones who sent you ?
if they return to you with all their heart and with all their soul in the land of their captivity , where they have carried them captive , and pray toward their land , which you gave to their fathers , and the city which you have chosen , and toward the house which i have built for your name :
he was king in jeshurun , when the heads of the people were gathered , all the tribes of israel together .
i am dark , but lovely , you daughters of jerusalem , like kedar 's tents , like solomon 's curtains .
he was oppressed , yet when he was afflicted he did n't open his mouth ; as a lamb that is led to the slaughter , and as a sheep that before its shearers is mute , so he did n't open his mouth .
but sexual immorality , and all uncleanness , or covetousness , let it not even be mentioned among you , as becomes saints ;
or who is there among you , who , if his son asks him for bread , will give him a stone ?
david said to saul , who am i , and what is my life , or my father 's family in israel , that i should be son - in - law to the king ?
even he shall build the temple of yahweh ; and he shall bear the glory , and shall sit and rule on his throne ; and he shall be a priest on his throne ; and the counsel of peace shall be between them both .
but after i am raised up , i will go before you into galilee .
for his god instructs him in right judgement , and teaches him .
without father , without mother , without genealogy , having neither beginning of days nor end of life , but made like the son of god ) , remains a priest continually .
you shall make a lampstand of pure gold . of hammered work shall the lampstand be made , even its base , its shaft , its cups , its buds , and its flowers , shall be of one piece with it .
you shall not have in your bag diverse weights , a great and a small .
so the shipmaster came to him , and said to him , what do you mean , sleeper ? arise , call on your god ! maybe your god will notice us , so that we wo n't perish .
and he went out and followed him . he did n't know that what was being done by the angel was real , but thought he saw a vision .
take hold of shield and buckler , and stand up for my help .
but the eleven disciples went into galilee , to the mountain where jesus had sent them .
he brought streams also out of the rock , and caused waters to run down like rivers .
and he brought near his household man by man ; and achan , the son of carmi , the son of zabdi , the son of zerah , of the tribe of judah , was taken .
but the pharisees , when they saw it , said to him , behold , your disciples do what is not lawful to do on the sabbath .
not paying attention to jewish fables and commandments of men who turn away from the truth .
yahweh said to moses , go in to pharaoh , for i have hardened his heart , and the heart of his servants , that i may show these my signs in the midst of them ,
you shall overlay it with pure gold , and make a gold molding around it .
only , as the lord has distributed to each man , as god has called each , so let him walk . so i command in all the assemblies .
and her husband heard it , and held his peace at her , and did n't disallow her ; then all her vows shall stand , and every bond with which she bound her soul shall stand .
he said , behold , it is still the middle of the day , not time to gather the livestock together . water the sheep , and go and feed them .
they will do these things because they have not known the father , nor me .
please say that you are my sister , that it may be well with me for your sake , and that my soul may live because of you .
it happened , when i heard these words , that i sat down and wept , and mourned certain days ; and i fasted and prayed before the god of heaven ,
you shall set your face toward the siege of jerusalem , with your arm uncovered ; and you shall prophesy against it .
then peter answered , behold , we have left everything , and followed you . what then will we have ?
now on the next day , which was the day after the preparation day , the chief priests and the pharisees were gathered together to pilate ,
they are children of fools , yes , children of base men . they were flogged out of the land .
immediately , while he was still speaking , judas , one of the twelve , cameand with him a multitude with swords and clubs , from the chief priests , the scribes , and the elders .
they were stoned . they were sawn apart . they were tempted . they were slain with the sword . they went around in sheep skins and in goat skins ; being destitute , afflicted , ill - treated
it shall be , when you are passed over the jordan , that you shall set up these stones , which i command you this day , in mount ebal , and you shall plaster them with plaster .
you shall be hidden from the scourge of the tongue , neither shall you be afraid of destruction when it comes .
but the men of the army whom amaziah sent back , that they should not go with him to battle , fell on the cities of judah , from samaria even to beth horon , and struck of them three thousand , and took much spoil .
but if we walk in the light , as he is in the light , we have fellowship with one another , and the blood of jesus christ , his son , cleanses us from all sin .
were they ashamed when they had committed abomination ? nay , they were not at all ashamed , neither could they blush : therefore they shall fall among those who fall ; at the time that i visit them they shall be cast down , says yahweh .
i said to the king , if it please the king , and if your servant have found favor in your sight , that you would send me to judah , to the city of my fathers ' tombs , that i may build it .
the pharisees and the scribes murmured , saying , this man welcomes sinners , and eats with them .
hear this , you elders , and listen , all you inhabitants of the land . has this ever happened in your days , or in the days of your fathers ?
thus all the work of the tent of the tent of meeting was finished . the children of israel did according to all that yahweh commanded moses ; so they did .
but into whatever city you enter , and they do n't receive you , go out into the streets of it and say ,
it happened as he sat in the house , behold , many tax collectors and sinners came and sat down with jesus and his disciples .
mercy and truth meet together . righteousness and peace have kissed each other .
your servant struck both the lion and the bear : and this uncircumcised philistine shall be as one of them , seeing he has defied the armies of the living god .
when i would heal israel , then the iniquity of ephraim is uncovered , also the wickedness of samaria ; for they commit falsehood , and the thief enters in , and the gang of robbers ravages outside .
he sent portions to them from before him , but benjamin 's portion was five times as much as any of theirs . they drank , and were merry with him .
if his offering to yahweh is a burnt offering of birds , then he shall offer his offering of turtledoves , or of young pigeons .
if my head is held high , you hunt me like a lion . again you show yourself powerful to me .
and you shall grope at noonday , as the blind gropes in darkness , and you shall not prosper in your ways : and you shall be only oppressed and robbed always , and there shall be none to save you .
therefore i tell you , every sin and blasphemy will be forgiven men , but the blasphemy against the spirit will not be forgiven men .
woe to him who strives with his makera potsherd among the potsherds of the earth ! shall the clay ask him who fashions it , what are you making ? or your work , he has no hands ?
he left the oxen , and ran after elijah , and said , let me , i pray you , kiss my father and my mother , and then i will follow you . he said to him , go back again ; for what have i done to you ?
this is the lamentation with which they shall lament ; the daughters of the nations shall lament therewith ; over egypt , and over all her multitude , shall they lament therewith , says the lord yahweh .
the border of manasseh was from asher to michmethath , which is before shechem ; and the border went along to the right hand , to the inhabitants of en tappuah .
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
mordecai wrote these things , and sent letters to all the jews who were in all the provinces of the king ahasuerus , both near and far ,
i will lay the dead bodies of the children of israel before their idols ; and i will scatter your bones round about your altars .
the godly man has perished out of the earth , and there is no one upright among men . they all lie in wait for blood ; every man hunts his brother with a net .
i made myself pools of water , to water from it the forest where trees were reared .
therefore i make a decree , that every people , nation , and language , which speak anything evil against the god of shadrach , meshach , and abednego , shall be cut in pieces , and their houses shall be made a dunghill ; because there is no other god who is able to deliver after this sort .
therefore i will take back my grain in its time , and my new wine in its season , and will pluck away my wool and my flax which should have covered her nakedness .
whatever my eyes desired , i did n't keep from them . i did n't withhold my heart from any joy , for my heart rejoiced because of all my labor , and this was my portion from all my labor .
saul came to the city of amalek , and laid wait in the valley .
in yahweh shall all the seed of israel be justified , and shall glory .
therefore , you mountains of israel , hear the word of the lord yahweh : thus says the lord yahweh to the mountains and to the hills , to the watercourses and to the valleys , to the desolate wastes and to the cities that are forsaken , which are become a prey and derision to the residue of the nations that are round about ;
his brothers also went and fell down before his face ; and they said , behold , we are your servants .
paul summoned one of the centurions , and said , bring this young man to the commanding officer , for he has something to tell him .
do n't be envious of evil men ; neither desire to be with them :
it happened , when his master heard the words of his wife , which she spoke to him , saying , this is what your servant did to me , that his wrath was kindled .
she said , let your handmaid find favor in your sight . so the woman went her way , and ate ; and her facial expression was n't sad any more .
listen , my son , and be wise , and keep your heart on the right path !
the saying pleased the king and the princes ; and the king did according to the word of memucan :
he cast stones at david , and at all the servants of king david : and all the people and all the mighty men were on his right hand and on his left .
like the noise of chariots on the tops of the mountains do they leap , like the noise of a flame of fire that devours the stubble , as a strong people set in battle array .
for he adds rebellion to his sin . he claps his hands among us , and multiplies his words against god .
i will make you a perpetual desolation , and your cities shall not be inhabited ; and you shall know that i am yahweh .
it is vain for you to rise up early , to stay up late , eating the bread of toil ; for he gives sleep to his loved ones .
one of them , a lawyer , asked him a question , testing him .
it happened at the time of the offering of the evening offering , that elijah the prophet came near , and said , yahweh , the god of abraham , of isaac , and of israel , let it be known this day that you are god in israel , and that i am your servant , and that i have done all these things at your word .
samuel said to jesse , are here all your children ? he said , there remains yet the youngest , and behold , he is keeping the sheep . samuel said to jesse , send and get him ; for we will not sit down until he come here .
when i was a child , i spoke as a child , i felt as a child , i thought as a child . now that i have become a man , i have put away childish things .
and david said to the gibeonites , what shall i do for you ? and with what shall i make atonement , that you may bless the inheritance of yahweh ?
when the town clerk had quieted the multitude , he said , you men of ephesus , what man is there who does n't know that the city of the ephesians is temple keeper of the great goddess artemis , and of the image which fell down from zeus ?
so i spoke to the people in the morning ; and at even my wife died ; and i did in the morning as i was commanded .
he has bent his bow , and set me as a mark for the arrow .
those who sat at the table with him began to say to themselves , who is this who even forgives sins ?
you hide your face : they are troubled ; you take away their breath : they die , and return to the dust .
and let them be for lights in the expanse of sky to give light on the earth , and it was so .
the same took advantage of our race , and mistreated our fathers , and forced them to throw out their babies , so that they would n't stay alive .
ensure your servant 's well - being . do n't let the proud oppress me .
when he had taken counsel with the people , he appointed those who should sing to yahweh , and give praise in holy array , as they went out before the army , and say , give thanks to yahweh ; for his loving kindness endures forever .
now whereas my father did lade you with a heavy yoke , i will add to your yoke : my father chastised you with whips , but i will chastise you with scorpions .
it happened , as they fled from before israel , while they were at the descent of beth horon , that yahweh cast down great stones from the sky on them to azekah , and they died : they were more who died with the hailstones than they whom the children of israel killed with the sword .
however in the business of the ambassadors of the princes of babylon , who sent to him to inquire of the wonder that was done in the land , god left him , to try him , that he might know all that was in his heart .
when he found out from the centurion , he granted the body to joseph .
the good man out of his good treasure brings out good things , and the evil man out of his evil treasure brings out evil things .
to the lord our god belong mercies and forgiveness ; for we have rebelled against him ;
your sky that is over your head shall be brass , and the earth that is under you shall be iron .
now may the god of peace , who brought again from the dead the great shepherd of the sheep with the blood of an eternal covenant , our lord jesus ,
if therefore they tell you , behold , he is in the wilderness , ' do n't go out ; behold , he is in the inner chambers , ' do n't believe it .
these things i have written to you concerning those who would lead you astray .
do n't be afraid of the things which you are about to suffer . behold , the devil is about to throw some of you into prison , that you may be tested ; and you will have oppression for ten days . be faithful to death , and i will give you the crown of life .
let his own eyes see his destruction . let him drink of the wrath of the almighty .
your memorable sayings are proverbs of ashes , your defenses are defenses of clay .
i will feed those who oppress you with their own flesh ; and they shall be drunken with their own blood , as with sweet wine : and all flesh shall know that i , yahweh , am your savior , and your redeemer , the mighty one of jacob .
they said in their heart , we will crush them completely . they have burned up all the places in the land where god was worshiped .
his flesh shall be fresher than a child 's ; he returns to the days of his youth .
surely they shall not see the land which i swore to their fathers , neither shall any of those who despised me see it :
as a cage is full of birds , so are their houses full of deceit : therefore they are become great , and grew rich .
david and all israel played before god with all their might , even with songs , and with harps , and with psalteries , and with tambourines , and with cymbals , and with trumpets .
now they were mary magdalene , joanna , and mary the mother of james . the other women with them told these things to the apostles .
sing , daughter of zion ! shout , israel ! be glad and rejoice with all your heart , daughter of jerusalem .
some of his disciples therefore said to one another , what is this that he says to us , a little while , and you wo n't see me , and again a little while , and you will see me ; ' and , because i go to the father ? '
neither carry forth a burden out of your houses on the sabbath day holy , neither do any work : but make the sabbath day , as i commanded your fathers .
it shall come to pass , when the soles of the feet of the priests who bear the ark of yahweh , the lord of all the earth , shall rest in the waters of the jordan , that the waters of the jordan shall be cut off , even the waters that come down from above ; and they shall stand in one heap .
and he took away all his livestock , and all his possessions which he had gathered , including the livestock which he had gained in paddan aram , to go to isaac his father , to the land of canaan .
he said to them , how then does david in the spirit call him lord , saying ,
for sheol ca n't praise you . death ca n't celebrate you . those who go down into the pit ca n't hope for your truth .
so then , as we have opportunity , let 's do what is good toward all men , and especially toward those who are of the household of the faith .
in the morning sow your seed , and in the evening do n't withhold your hand ; for you do n't know which will prosper , whether this or that , or whether they both will be equally good .
it happened , when you heard the voice out of the midst of the darkness , while the mountain was burning with fire , that you came near to me , even all the heads of your tribes , and your elders ;
those who pass through the land shall pass through ; and when any sees a man 's bone , then shall he set up a sign by it , until the undertakers have buried it in the valley of hamon gog .
charge those who are rich in this present world that they not be haughty , nor have their hope set on the uncertainty of riches , but on the living god , who richly provides us with everything to enjoy ;
being defamed , we entreat . we are made as the filth of the world , the dirt wiped off by all , even until now .
he wanted to fill his belly with the husks that the pigs ate , but no one gave him any .
solomon made all the vessels that were in the house of yahweh : the golden altar , and the table whereupon the show bread was , of gold ;
he set the bread in order on it before yahweh , as yahweh commanded moses .
he will break it as a potter 's vessel is broken , breaking it in pieces without sparing , so that there wo n't be found among the broken piece a piece good enough to take fire from the hearth , or to dip up water out of the cistern .
it was so , when gideon heard the telling of the dream , and the interpretation of it , that he worshiped ; and he returned into the camp of israel , and said , arise ; for yahweh has delivered into your hand the army of midian .
the men turned from there , and went toward sodom , but abraham stood yet before yahweh .
so the philistines were subdued , and they came no more within the border of israel : and the hand of yahweh was against the philistines all the days of samuel .
did n't achan the son of zerah commit a trespass in the devoted thing , and wrath fell on all the congregation of israel ? and that man did n't perish alone in his iniquity .
hear , my people , and i will testify to you , israel , if you would listen to me !
in days to come , jacob will take root . israel will blossom and bud . they will fill the surface of the world with fruit .
it happened at noon , that elijah mocked them , and said , cry aloud ; for he is a god : either he is musing , or he is gone aside , or he is on a journey , or peradventure he sleeps and must be awakened .
i said to the arrogant , do n't boast ; to the wicked , do n't lift up the horn .
their meal offering and their drink offerings for the bull , for the ram , and for the lambs , shall be according to their number , after the ordinance :
david said to abigail , blessed be yahweh , the god of israel , who sent you this day to meet me :
but when the crowd was put out , he entered in , took her by the hand , and the girl arose .
the threshing floor and the winepress wo n't feed them , and the new wine will fail her .
you blew with your wind . the sea covered them . they sank like lead in the mighty waters .
therefore when you do merciful deeds , do n't sound a trumpet before yourself , as the hypocrites do in the synagogues and in the streets , that they may get glory from men . most assuredly i tell you , they have received their reward .
such confidence we have through christ toward god ;
you shall make the altar of acacia wood , five cubits long , and five cubits broad ; the altar shall be foursquare : and its height shall be three cubits .
shaphan the scribe told the king , saying , hilkiah the priest has delivered me a book . shaphan read therein before the king .
knowing that the testing of your faith produces endurance .
the appearance of the wheels and their work was like a beryl : and they four had one likeness ; and their appearance and their work was as it were a wheel within a wheel .
now the god of patience and of encouragement grant you to be of the same mind one with another according to christ jesus ,
they wo n't pour out wine offerings to yahweh , neither will they be pleasing to him . their sacrifices will be to them like the bread of mourners ; all who eat of it will be polluted ; for their bread will be for their appetite . it will not come into the house of yahweh .
the land of tappuah belonged to manasseh ; but tappuah on the border of manasseh belonged to the children of ephraim .
but one thing is needed . mary has chosen the good part , which will not be taken away from her .
no enemy will tax him . no wicked man will oppress him .
knowing that from the lord you will receive the reward of the inheritance ; for you serve the lord christ .
and they turned and went up into the hill country , and came to the valley of eshcol , and spied it out .
but you shall offer a burnt offering to yahweh for a sweet savor : one young bull , one ram , seven male lambs a year old ; they shall be to you without blemish ;
on the cliff he dwells , and makes his home , on the point of the cliff , and the stronghold .
my zeal wears me out , because my enemies ignore your words .
for by one offering he has perfected forever those who are being sanctified .
then yahweh said to me , out of the north evil shall break forth on all the inhabitants of the land .
all who heard it wondered at the things which were spoken to them by the shepherds .
their eyes were opened , and they recognized him , and he vanished out of their sight .
whether it was two days , or a month , or a year that the cloud stayed on the tabernacle , remaining on it , the children of israel remained encamped , and did n't travel ; but when it was taken up , they traveled .
the king spoke to ashpenaz the master of his eunuchs , that he should bring in certain of the children of israel , even of the seed royal and of the nobles ;
he wo n't break a bruised reed . he wo n't quench a dimly burning wick . he will faithfully bring justice .
when they had departed from rephidim , and had come to the wilderness of sinai , they encamped in the wilderness ; and there israel encamped before the mountain .
therefore some of them of jerusalem said , is n't this he whom they seek to kill ?
my frame was n't hidden from you , when i was made in secret , woven together in the depths of the earth .
he took bread , and when he had given thanks , he broke it , and gave to them , saying , this is my body which is given for you . do this in memory of me .
and seventy - one thousand donkeys ,
of the first of your dough you shall offer up a cake for a wave offering : as the wave offering of the threshing floor , so shall you heave it .
yes , for your sake we are killed all day long . we are regarded as sheep for the slaughter .
balaam rose up in the morning , and saddled his donkey , and went with the princes of moab .
he who spares his words has knowledge . he who is even tempered is a man of understanding .
( for they call themselves of the holy city , and stay themselves on the god of israel ; yahweh of armies is his name ):
so he said to him , and you are to be over five cities . '
be afraid of the sword , for wrath brings the punishments of the sword , that you may know there is a judgment .
if you say in your heart , how shall we know the word which yahweh has not spoken ?
you shall take this rod in your hand , with which you shall do the signs .
when we burned incense to the queen of the sky , and poured out drink offerings to her , did we make her cakes to worship her , and pour out drink offerings to her , without our husbands ?
when you lie down , you will not be afraid . yes , you will lie down , and your sleep will be sweet .
then i brought up the princes of judah on the wall , and appointed two great companies who gave thanks and went in procession . one went on the right hand on the wall toward the dung gate ;
for you shall be as an oak whose leaf fades , and as a garden that has no water .
and being found in human form , he humbled himself , becoming obedient to death , yes , the death of the cross .
jesus , having found a young donkey , sat on it . as it is written ,
in arrogance , the wicked hunt down the weak ; they are caught in the schemes that they devise .
this phrase , yet once more , signifies the removing of those things that are shaken , as of things that have been made , that those things which are not shaken may remain .
which you have commanded by your servants the prophets , saying , the land , to which you go to possess it , is an unclean land through the uncleanness of the peoples of the lands , through their abominations , which have filled it from one end to another with their filthiness :
but if you are without discipline , of which all have been made partakers , then are you illegitimate , and not children .
but vain man can become wise if a man can be born as a wild donkey 's colt .
for they gave that to those who did the work , and repaired therewith the house of yahweh .
then shall you call , and yahweh will answer ; you shall cry , and he will say , here i am . if you take away from the midst of you the yoke , the putting forth of the finger , and speaking wickedly ;
then the men of the city said to joash , bring out your son , that he may die , because he has broken down the altar of baal , and because he has cut down the asherah that was by it .
jacob rose up from beersheba , and the sons of israel carried jacob , their father , their little ones , and their wives , in the wagons which pharaoh had sent to carry him .
joseph remembered the dreams which he dreamed about them , and said to them , you are spies ! you have come to see the nakedness of the land .
therefore , my beloved brothers , be steadfast , immovable , always abounding in the lord 's work , because you know that your labor is not in vain in the lord .
for , behold , your enemies , yahweh , for , behold , your enemies shall perish . all the evil - doers will be scattered .
you who have purer eyes than to see evil , and who can not look on perversity , why do you tolerate those who deal treacherously , and keep silent when the wicked swallows up the man who is more righteous than he ,
all its fat he shall take away , like the fat of the lamb is taken away from the sacrifice of peace offerings ; and the priest shall burn them on the altar , on the offerings of yahweh made by fire ; and the priest shall make atonement for him concerning his sin that he has sinned , and he will be forgiven .
but now he is dead , why should i fast ? can i bring him back again ? i shall go to him , but he will not return to me .
i therefore run like that , as not uncertainly . i fight like that , as not beating the air ,
it shall be the prince 's part to give the burnt offerings , and the meal offerings , and the drink offerings , in the feasts , and on the new moons , and on the sabbaths , in all the appointed feasts of the house of israel : he shall prepare the sin offering , and the meal offering , and the burnt offering , and the peace offerings , to make atonement for the house of israel .
but now your kingdom shall not continue : yahweh has sought him a man after his own heart , and yahweh has appointed him to be prince over his people , because you have not kept that which yahweh commanded you .
fearfulness and trembling have come on me . horror has overwhelmed me .
while the earth remains , seed time and harvest , and cold and heat , and summer and winter , and day and night shall not cease .
in the twenty - seventh year of jeroboam king of israel began azariah son of amaziah king of judah to reign .
your dead shall live . my dead bodies shall arise . awake and sing , you who dwell in the dust ; for your dew is like the dew of herbs , and the earth will cast forth the dead .
then david ran , and stood over the philistine , and took his sword , and drew it out of the sheath of it , and killed him , and cut off his head therewith . when the philistines saw that their champion was dead , they fled .
then said absalom , if not , please let my brother amnon go with us . the king said to him , why should he go with you ?
and not holding firmly to the head , from whom all the body , being supplied and knit together through the joints and ligaments , grows with god 's growth .
the priests who bore the ark of the covenant of yahweh stood firm on dry ground in the midst of the jordan ; and all israel passed over on dry ground , until all the nation were passed clean over the jordan .
but yahweh was angry with me for your sakes , and did n't listen to me ; and yahweh said to me , let it suffice you ; speak no more to me of this matter .
the jews ordained , and took on them , and on their seed , and on all such as joined themselves to them , so that it should not fail , that they would keep these two days according to the writing of it , and according to the appointed time of it , every year ;
and they assembled themselves together against moses and against aaron , and said to them , you take too much on you , seeing all the congregation are holy , everyone of them , and yahweh is among them : why then lift yourselves up above the assembly of yahweh ?
david said to him , how were you not afraid to put forth your hand to destroy yahweh 's anointed ?
every meal offering that is baked in the oven , and all that is dressed in the frying pan , and on the baking pan , shall be the priest 's who offers it .
laban said , it is not done so in our place , to give the younger before the firstborn .
and above the gate of ephraim , and by the old gate , and by the fish gate , and the tower of hananel , and the tower of hammeah , even to the sheep gate : and they stood still in the gate of the guard .
therefore the lord answered him , you hypocrites ! does n't each one of you free his ox or his donkey from the stall on the sabbath , and lead him away to water ?
peter said to them , repent , and be baptized , everyone of you , in the name of jesus christ for the forgiveness of sins , and you will receive the gift of the holy spirit .
behold , he is hid now in some pit , or in some other place : and it will happen , when some of them are fallen at the first , that whoever hears it will say , there is a slaughter among the people who follow absalom .
i will tell of the decree . yahweh said to me , you are my son . today i have become your father .
they shall come against you with weapons , chariots , and wagons , and with a company of peoples ; they shall set themselves against you with buckler and shield and helmet round about ; and i will commit the judgment to them , and they shall judge you according to their judgments .
then asa went out to meet him , and they set the battle in array in the valley of zephathah at mareshah .
you will give them hardness of heart , your curse to them .
for there will arise false christs and false prophets , and will show signs and wonders , that they may lead astray , if possible , even the chosen ones .
for the morning is to all of them like thick darkness , for they know the terrors of the thick darkness .
these shall be the measures of it : the north side four thousand and five hundred , and the south side four thousand and five hundred , and on the east side four thousand and five hundred , and the west side four thousand and five hundred .
for he said to moses , i will have mercy on whom i have mercy , and i will have compassion on whom i have compassion .
the children of israel did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh : and yahweh delivered them into the hand of midian seven years .
there the prisoners are at ease together . they do n't hear the voice of the taskmaster .
at the noise of the taking of babylon the earth trembles , and the cry is heard among the nations .
from thirty years old and upward even until fifty years old , all who enter into the service , to do the work in the tent of meeting .
you have not eaten bread , neither have you drunk wine or strong drink ; that you may know that i am yahweh your god .
he who loves his brother remains in the light , and there is no occasion for stumbling in him .
purify me with hyssop , and i will be clean . wash me , and i will be whiter than snow .
for neither was man created for the woman , but woman for the man .
then they came to gedaliah to mizpah , to wit , ishmael the son of nethaniah , and johanan and jonathan the sons of kareah , and seraiah the son of tanhumeth , and the sons of ephai the netophathite , and jezaniah the son of the maacathite , they and their men .
he also said to his disciples , there was a certain rich man who had a manager . an accusation was made to him that this man was wasting his possessions .
do you say of him whom the father sanctified and sent into the world , you blaspheme , ' because i said , i am the son of god ? '
he paws in the valley , and rejoices in his strength : he goes out to meet the armed men .
they shall not marry a woman who is a prostitute , or profane ; neither shall they marry a woman divorced from her husband : for he is holy to his god .
so he went back with him , and ate bread in his house , and drank water .
and said , most assuredly i tell you , unless you turn , and become as little children , you will in no way enter into the kingdom of heaven .
saul cast his spear at him to strike him . by this jonathan knew that his father was determined to put david to death .
yahweh has sworn , and will not change his mind : you are a priest forever in the order of melchizedek .
nebuzaradan the captain of the guard took them , and brought them to the king of babylon to riblah .
the thief only comes to steal , kill , and destroy . i came that they may have life , and may have it abundantly .
the time is come , the day draws near : do n't let the buyer rejoice , nor the seller mourn ; for wrath is on all the multitude of it .
and assemble all the congregation at the door of the tent of meeting .
he brought me to the north gate : and he measured it according to these measures ;
they sang a new song , saying , you are worthy to take the book , and to open its seals : for you were killed , and bought us for god with your blood , out of every tribe , language , people , and nation ,
then because of the jews ' preparation day ( for the tomb was near at hand ) they laid jesus there .
the children of the kenite , moses ' brother - in - law , went up out of the city of palm trees with the children of judah into the wilderness of judah , which is in the south of arad ; and they went and lived with the people .
if i do n't do the works of my father , do n't believe me .
a man 's goings are established by yahweh . he delights in his way .
there went a cry throughout the army about the going down of the sun , saying , every man to his city , and every man to his country .
do i lack madmen , that you have brought this fellow to play the madman in my presence ? shall this fellow come into my house ?
in the oracle he made two cherubim of olive wood , each ten cubits high .
those who are killed with the sword are better than those who are killed with hunger ; for these pine away , stricken through , for want of the fruits of the field .
they will listen to your voice , and you shall come , you and the elders of israel , to the king of egypt , and you shall tell him , yahweh , the god of the hebrews , has met with us . now please let us go three days ' journey into the wilderness , that we may sacrifice to yahweh , our god . '
and one male goat for a sin offering , besides the continual burnt offering , and the meal offering of it , and the drink offering of it .
the mystery of the seven stars which you saw in my right hand , and the seven golden lampstands . the seven stars are the angels of the seven assemblies . the seven lampstands are seven assemblies .
then said these men , we shall not find any occasion against this daniel , except we find it against him concerning the law of his god .
the watchmen who go about the city found me ; have you seen him whom my soul loves ?
for three things the earth tremble , and under four , it ca n't bear up :
so haman came in . the king said to him , what shall be done to the man whom the king delights to honor ? now haman said in his heart , to whom would the king delight to do honor more than to myself ?
for the levites left their suburbs and their possession , and came to judah and jerusalem : for jeroboam and his sons cast them off , that they should not execute the priest 's office to yahweh ;
but i do n't seek my own glory . there is one who seeks and judges .
now therefore make confession to yahweh , the god of your fathers , and do his pleasure ; and separate yourselves from the peoples of the land , and from the foreign women .
then the governor 's soldiers took jesus into the praetorium , and gathered the whole garrison together against him .
it stood on twelve oxen , three looking toward the north , and three looking toward the west , and three looking toward the south , and three looking toward the east ; and the sea was set on them above , and all their hinder parts were inward .
then he answered and spoke to me , saying , this is the word of yahweh to zerubbabel , saying , not by might , nor by power , but by my spirit , ' says yahweh of armies .
out of the tribe of gad , ramoth in gilead with its suburbs , the city of refuge for the manslayer , and mahanaim with its suburbs ,
therefore thus says yahweh : behold , i will give this city into the hand of the chaldeans , and into the hand of nebuchadnezzar king of babylon , and he shall take it :
for he taught them with authority , and not like the scribes .
know that our brother timothy has been freed , with whom , if he comes shortly , i will see you .
you have turned my mourning into dancing for me . you have removed my sackcloth , and clothed me with gladness ,
when the queen of sheba heard of the fame of solomon , she came to prove solomon with hard questions at jerusalem , with a very great train , and camels that bore spices , and gold in abundance , and precious stones : and when she was come to solomon , she talked with him of all that was in her heart .
isaac 's servants dug in the valley , and found there a well of springing water .
for yahweh had closed up tight all the wombs of the house of abimelech , because of sarah , abraham 's wife .
and they burn to yahweh every morning and every evening burnt offerings and sweet incense : the show bread also set they in order on the pure table ; and the lampstand of gold with the lamps of it , to burn every evening : for we keep the charge of yahweh our god ; but you have forsaken him .
a man void of understanding strikes hands , and becomes collateral in the presence of his neighbor .
yahweh , the god of abraham , of isaac , and of israel , our fathers , keep this forever in the imagination of the thoughts of the heart of your people , and prepare their heart to you ;
the king said to her , what ails you ? she answered , of a truth i am a widow , and my husband is dead .
i did n't sit in the assembly of those who make merry , nor rejoiced ; i sat alone because of your hand ; for you have filled me with indignation .
mephibosheth had a young son , whose name was mica . all that lived in the house of ziba were servants to mephibosheth .
wolves will cry in their castles , and jackals in the pleasant palaces . her time is near to come , and her days will not be prolonged .
it is good for me that i have been afflicted , that i may learn your statutes .
but to the wicked god says , what right do you have to declare my statutes , that you have taken my covenant on your lips ,
that in the ages to come he might show the exceeding riches of his grace in kindness toward us in christ jesus ;
sing to him , sing praises to him ; talk you of all his marvelous works .
moses said , behold , i go out from you , and i will pray to yahweh that the swarms of flies may depart from pharaoh , from his servants , and from his people , tomorrow ; only do n't let pharaoh deal deceitfully any more in not letting the people go to sacrifice to yahweh .
i will scatter you among the nations , and disperse you through the countries ; and i will consume your filthiness out of you .
i will make of you a great nation . i will bless you and make your name great . you will be a blessing .
what then is the law ? it was added because of transgressions , until the seed should come to whom the promise has been made . it was ordained through angels by the hand of a mediator .
for we ca n't help telling the things which we saw and heard .
then his master shall bring him to god , and shall bring him to the door or to the doorpost , and his master shall bore his ear through with an awl , and he shall serve him for ever .
have you entered into the springs of the sea ? or have you walked in the recesses of the deep ?
yahweh spoke to moses in the plains of moab by the jordan at jericho , saying ,
thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel , concerning ahab the son of kolaiah , and concerning zedekiah the son of maaseiah , who prophesy a lie to you in my name : behold , i will deliver them into the hand of nebuchadnezzar king of babylon ; and he shall kill them before your eyes ;
which i have reserved against the time of trouble , against the day of battle and war ?
the men of israel were distressed that day ; for saul had adjured the people , saying , cursed be the man who eats any food until it be evening , and i be avenged on my enemies . so none of the people tasted food .
jesus said to him , i will come and heal him .
he will go before him in the spirit and power of elijah , to turn the hearts of the fathers to the children , ' and the disobedient to the wisdom of the just ; to make ready a people prepared for the lord .
and those who were reckoned by genealogy of all their little ones , their wives , and their sons , and their daughters , through all the congregation : for in their office of trust they sanctified themselves in holiness .
the traffickers of sheba and raamah , they were your traffickers ; they traded for your wares with the chief of all spices , and with all precious stones , and gold .
therefore the name of it was called babel , because there yahweh confused the language of all the earth . from there , yahweh scattered them abroad on the surface of all the earth .
yahweh also said , behold , there is a place by me , and you shall stand on the rock .
they will not look to the altars , the work of their hands ; neither shall they respect that which their fingers have made , either the asherim , or the incense altars .
moreover i saw under the sun , in the place of justice , that wickedness was there ; and in the place of righteousness , that wickedness was there .
in the morning it sprouts and springs up . by evening , it is withered and dry .
you , son of man , take a sharp sword ; as a barber 's razor shall you take it to you , and shall cause it to pass on your head and on your beard : then take balances to weigh , and divide the hair .
but the eyes of the wicked shall fail , they shall have no way to flee ; their hope shall be the giving up of the spirit .
as yahweh your god lives , there is no nation or kingdom , where my lord has not sent to seek you : and when they said , he is not here , he took an oath of the kingdom and nation , that they did n't find you .
the word that came to jeremiah from yahweh , after that the king zedekiah had made a covenant with all the people who were at jerusalem , to proclaim liberty to them ;
yet , behold , therein shall be left a remnant that shall be carried forth , both sons and daughters : behold , they shall come forth to you , and you shall see their way and their doings ; and you shall be comforted concerning the evil that i have brought on jerusalem , even concerning all that i have brought on it .
men listened to me , waited , and kept silence for my counsel .
he walked in all the way of asa his father ; he did n't turn aside from it , doing that which was right in the eyes of yahweh : however the high places were not taken away ; the people still sacrificed and burnt incense in the high places .
who redeems your life from destruction ; who crowns you with loving kindness and tender mercies ;
but we have this treasure in clay vessels , that the exceeding greatness of the power may be of god , and not from ourselves .
after these things , jesus went away to the other side of the sea of galilee , which is also called the sea of tiberias .
when the centurion , who stood by opposite him , saw that he cried out like this and breathed his last , he said , truly this man was the son of god !
and the priest shall offer them , the one for a sin offering , and the other for a burnt offering . the priest shall make atonement for him before yahweh for his discharge .
then he shall make atonement for the holy sanctuary ; and he shall make atonement for the tent of meeting and for the altar ; and he shall make atonement for the priests and for all the people of the assembly .
you would call , and i would answer you . you would have a desire to the work of your hands .
show me a denarius . whose image and inscription are on it ? they answered , caesar 's .
go up into this mountain of abarim , to mount nebo , which is in the land of moab , that is over against jericho ; and see the land of canaan , which i give to the children of israel for a possession ;
for i know that you will bring me to death , to the house appointed for all living .
but the judgment shall be set , and they shall take away his dominion , to consume and to destroy it to the end .
you shall sow the eighth year , and eat of the fruits , the old store ; until the ninth year , until its fruits come in , you shall eat the old store .
people went out to see what had happened . they came to jesus , and found the man from whom the demons had gone out , sitting at jesus ' feet , clothed and in his right mind ; and they were afraid .
and they shall make themselves bald for you , and gird them with sackcloth , and they shall weep for you in bitterness of soul with bitter mourning .
and delivered righteous lot , who was very distressed by the lustful life of the wicked
it happened on the next day that the people rose early , and built there an altar , and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings .
and their meal offering and their drink offerings for the bulls , for the rams , and for the lambs , according to their number , after the ordinance ;
they found an egyptian in the field , and brought him to david , and gave him bread , and he ate ; and they gave him water to drink .
joseph saw his brothers , and he recognized them , but acted like a stranger to them , and spoke roughly with them . he said to them , where did you come from ? they said , from the land of canaan to buy food .
they surrounded me like bees . they are quenched like the burning thorns . in the name of yahweh i cut them off .
he put them on the shoulder straps of the ephod , to be stones of memorial for the children of israel , as yahweh commanded moses .
for he will turn away your son from following me , that they may serve other gods : so will the anger of yahweh be kindled against you , and he will destroy you quickly .
i have led you forty years in the wilderness : your clothes have not grown old on you , and your shoe has not grown old on your foot .
it shall be , when he lies down , that you shall mark the place where he shall lie , and you shall go in , and uncover his feet , and lay you down ; and he will tell you what you shall do .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
he weakened my strength along the course . he shortened my days .
foods for the belly , and the belly for foods , but god will bring to nothing both it and them . but the body is not for sexual immorality , but for the lord ; and the lord for the body .
after all this yahweh struck him in his bowels with an incurable disease .
so i fell down before yahweh the forty days and forty nights that i fell down , because yahweh had said he would destroy you .
and out of the tribe of issachar , kedesh with its suburbs , daberath with its suburbs ,
the weight of the nails was fifty shekels of gold . he overlaid the upper chambers with gold .
but if the man find the lady who is pledged to be married in the field , and the man force her , and lie with her ; then the man only who lay with her shall die :
a beka a head , that is , half a shekel , after the shekel of the sanctuary , for everyone who passed over to those who were numbered , from twenty years old and upward , for six hundred three thousand five hundred fifty men .
he said , woe to you lawyers also ! for you load men with burdens that are difficult to carry , and you yourselves wo n't even lift one finger to help carry those burdens .
now laban had gone to shear his sheep : and rachel stole the teraphim that were her father 's .
now from the sixth hour there was darkness over all the land until the ninth hour .
and of cassia five hundred , after the shekel of the sanctuary ; and a hin of olive oil .
pay attention to yourself , and to your teaching . continue in these things , for in doing this you will save both yourself and those who hear you .
you shall make the boards for the tent of acacia wood , standing up .
what then is my reward ? that , when i preach the good news , i may present the good news of christ without charge , so as not to abuse my authority in the good news .
king joram returned to be healed in jezreel of the wounds which the syrians had given him at ramah , when he fought against hazael king of syria . ahaziah the son of jehoram king of judah went down to see joram the son of ahab in jezreel , because he was sick .
for this is he , of whom it is written , behold , i send my messenger before your face , who will prepare your way before you . '
he shall go out to the altar that is before yahweh and make atonement for it , and shall take some of the bull 's blood , and some of the goat 's blood , and put it on the horns of the altar round about .
therefore , we are always confident and know that while we are at home in the body , we are absent from the lord ;
then they sought for jesus and spoke one with another , as they stood in the temple , what do you thinkthat he is n't coming to the feast at all ?
we have sent with them our brother , whom we have many times proved earnest in many things , but now much more earnest , by reason of the great confidence which he has in you .
neither shall the priests the levites want a man before me to offer burnt offerings , and to burn meal offerings , and to do sacrifice continually .
now , o lord yahweh , you are god , and your words are truth , and you have promised this good thing to your servant :
for they called the people to the sacrifices of their gods ; and the people ate , and bowed down to their gods .
i am this day weak , though anointed king ; and these men the sons of zeruiah are too hard for me . may yahweh reward the evil - doer according to his wickedness .
woe to those who are wise in their own eyes , and prudent in their own sight !
you shall become an astonishment , a proverb , and a byword , among all the peoples where yahweh shall lead you away .
judas and silas , also being prophets themselves , encouraged the brothers with many words , and strengthened them .
but a certain man named ananias , with sapphira , his wife , sold a possession ,
your first father sinned , and your teachers have transgressed against me .
for as the lightning comes forth from the east , and is seen even to the west , so will be the coming of the son of man .
the children of israel heard say , behold , the children of reuben and the children of gad and the half - tribe of manasseh have built an altar in the forefront of the land of canaan , in the region about the jordan , on the side that pertains to the children of israel .
rejoice , you nations , with his people : for he will avenge the blood of his servants , will render vengeance to his adversaries , will make expiation for his land , for his people .
except that the holy spirit testifies in every city , saying that bonds and afflictions wait for me .
neither will i cause the feet of israel to wander any more out of the land which i gave their fathers , if only they will observe to do according to all that i have commanded them , and according to all the law that my servant moses commanded them .
now the rest of the acts of jehoiakim , and his abominations which he did , and that which was found in him , behold , they are written in the book of the kings of israel and judah : and jehoiachin his son reigned in his place .
now he who betrayed him had given them a sign , saying , whoever i will kiss , that is he . seize him , and lead him away safely .
absalom came to the king , and said , see now , your servant has sheepshearers ; let the king , i pray you , and his servants go with your servant .
as for this image , its head was of fine gold , its breast and its arms of silver , its belly and its thighs of brass ,
i wish that those who disturb you would cut themselves off .
now the lord is the spirit and where the spirit of the lord is , there is liberty .
he made two boards for the corners of the tent in the far part .
he will come down like rain on the mown grass , as showers that water the earth .
multitudes , multitudes in the valley of decision ! for the day of yahweh is near , in the valley of decision .
because he has turned his ear to me , therefore i will call on him as long as i live .
but the mountain falling comes to nothing ; the rock is removed out of its place ;
then i consulted with myself , and contended with the nobles and the rulers , and said to them , you exact usury , everyone of his brother . i held a great assembly against them .
he said to them , you are those who justify yourselves in the sight of men , but god knows your hearts . for that which is exalted among men is an abomination in the sight of god .
but he was pierced for our transgressions , he was crushed for our iniquities ; the punishment that brought our peace was on him ; and by his wounds we are healed .
as the army of the sky ca n't be numbered , neither the sand of the sea measured ; so will i multiply the seed of david my servant , and the levites who minister to me .
whoever believes that jesus is the christ is born of god . whoever loves the father also loves the child who is born of him .
and set two men , base fellows , before him , and let them testify against him , saying , you did curse god and the king . then carry him out , and stone him to death .
accounting that god is able to raise up even from the dead . figuratively speaking , he also did receive him back from the dead .
and the clean person shall sprinkle on the unclean on the third day , and on the seventh day : and on the seventh day he shall purify him ; and he shall wash his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and shall be clean at even .
for this cause many among you are weak and sickly , and not a few sleep .
you have played the prostitute also with the assyrians , because you were insatiable ; yes , you have played the prostitute with them , and yet you were n't satisfied .
now when they had passed through amphipolis and apollonia , they came to thessalonica , where there was a synagogue of the jews .
for those who lead this people lead them astray ; and those who are led by them are destroyed .
for i tell you that this which is written must still be fulfilled in me : he was counted with the lawless . ' for that which concerns me has an end .
for the ruthless is brought to nothing , and the scoffer ceases , and all those who are alert to do evil are cut off
assyria ca n't save us . we wo n't ride on horses ; neither will we say any more to the work of our hands , our gods ! ' for in you the fatherless finds mercy .
keep silent before me , islands , and let the peoples renew their strength . let them come near , then let them speak . let 's meet together for judgment .
we took all his cities at that time , and utterly destroyed every inhabited city , with the women and the little ones ; we left none remaining :
in the morning came the word of yahweh to me , saying ,
the nations shall know that i am yahweh who sanctifies israel , when my sanctuary shall be in the midst of them forevermore .
from the ground to above the door were cherubim and palm trees made : thus was the wall of the temple .
the porch before the temple of the house , twenty cubits was the length of it , according to the breadth of the house ; and ten cubits was the breadth of it before the house .
yahweh struck the people , because they made the calf , which aaron made .
to those who are without law , as without law ( not being without law toward god , but under law toward christ ) , that i might win those who are without law .
therefore remember that once you , the gentiles in the flesh , who are called uncircumcision by that which is called circumcision , ( in the flesh , made by hands ) ;
i saw in the night visions , and behold , there came with the clouds of the sky one like a son of man , and he came even to the ancient of days , and they brought him near before him .
yahweh your god who goes before you , he will fight for you , according to all that he did for you in egypt before your eyes ,
my eye affects my soul , because of all the daughters of my city .
she gave birth to a son , a male child , who is to rule all the nations with a rod of iron . her child was caught up to god , and to his throne .
you shall remember that you were a bondservant in egypt : and you shall observe and do these statutes .
in every province , and in every city , wherever the king 's commandment and his decree came , the jews had gladness and joy , a feast and a good day . many from among the peoples of the land became jews ; for the fear of the jews was fallen on them .
do therefore according to your wisdom , and do n't let his gray head go down to sheol in peace .
they ridiculed him . but he , having put them all out , took the father of the child and her mother and those who were with him , and went in where the child was lying .
as you sent me into the world , even so i have sent them into the world .
even as abraham believed god , and it was counted to him for righteousness .
abraham complained to abimelech because of a water well , which abimelech 's servants had violently taken away .
over the army of the tribe of the children of zebulun was eliab the son of helon .
moses told his father - in - law all that yahweh had done to pharaoh and to the egyptians for israel 's sake , all the hardships that had come on them on the way , and how yahweh delivered them .
jesus said to them , how many loaves do you have ? they said , seven , and a few small fish .
over the first division for the first month was jashobeam the son of zabdiel : and in his division were twenty - four thousand .
yahweh said , judah shall go up : behold , i have delivered the land into his hand .
for i have not sent them , says yahweh , but they prophesy falsely in my name ; that i may drive you out , and that you may perish , you , and the prophets who prophesy to you .
seeing the man who was healed standing with them , they could say nothing against it .
in your seed will all the nations of the earth be blessed , because you have obeyed my voice .
for this cause was he hired , that i should be afraid , and do so , and sin , and that they might have matter for an evil report , that they might reproach me .
lest my enemy say , i have prevailed against him ; lest my adversaries rejoice when i fall .
who is this who comes up from the wilderness like pillars of smoke , perfumed with myrrh and frankincense , with all spices of the merchant ?
i will set my face against them ; they shall go forth from the fire , but the fire shall devour them ; and you shall know that i am yahweh , when i set my face against them .
hearing of your love , and of the faith which you have toward the lord jesus , and toward all the saints ;
the multitudes who went before him , and who followed kept shouting , hosanna to the son of david ! blessed is he who comes in the name of the lord ! hosanna in the highest !
bring your youngest brother to me ; so will your words be verified , and you wo n't die . they did so .
it happened at evening , that david arose from off his bed , and walked on the roof of the king 's house : and from the roof he saw a woman bathing ; and the woman was very beautiful to look on .
the angel of yahweh protested to joshua , saying ,
woe to the world because of occasions of stumbling ! for it must be that the occasions come , but woe to that person through whom the occasion comes !
and he said to him , friend , how did you come in here not wearing wedding clothing ? ' he was speechless .
but you have saved us from our adversaries , and have shamed those who hate us .
the children of israel , even the whole congregation , came into the wilderness of zin in the first month : and the people abode in kadesh ; and miriam died there , and was buried there .
then jeremiah said to zedekiah , if i declare it to you , will you not surely put me to death ? and if i give you counsel , you will not listen to me .
remember this , that the enemy has mocked you , yahweh . foolish people have blasphemed your name .
at that time , says yahweh , will i be the god of all the families of israel , and they shall be my people .
ben hadad the king of syria gathered all his army together ; and there were thirty - two kings with him , and horses and chariots : and he went up and besieged samaria , and fought against it .
( and the life was revealed , and we have seen , and testify , and declare to you the life , the eternal life , which was with the father , and was revealed to us ) ;
but the men put forth their hand , and brought lot into the house to them , and shut the door .
i have remembered your name , yahweh , in the night , and i obey your law .
leave your gift there before the altar , and go your way . first be reconciled to your brother , and then come and offer your gift .
therefore he poured on him the fierceness of his anger , and the strength of battle ; and it set him on fire round about , yet he did n't know ; and it burned him , yet he did n't lay it to heart .
but she who gives herself to pleasure is dead while she lives .
he made the boards for the tent of acacia wood , standing up .
the words of the wise heard in quiet are better than the cry of him who rules among fools .
he went up there against the inhabitants of debir : now the name of debir before was kiriath sepher .
if a man takes his sister , his father 's daughter , or his mother 's daughter , and sees her nakedness , and she sees his nakedness ; it is a shameful thing ; and they shall be cut off in the sight of the children of their people : he has uncovered his sister 's nakedness ; he shall bear his iniquity .
i saw that the lamb opened one of the seven seals , and i heard one of the four living creatures saying , as with a voice of thunder , come and see !
now bethany was near jerusalem , about fifteen stadia away .
he measured it on the four sides : it had a wall round about , the length five hundred , and the breadth five hundred , to make a separation between that which was holy and that which was common .
with whom yahweh had made a covenant , and charged them , saying , you shall not fear other gods , nor bow yourselves to them , nor serve them , nor sacrifice to them :
moses begged yahweh his god , and said , yahweh , why does your wrath burn hot against your people , that you have brought forth out of the land of egypt with great power and with a mighty hand ?
this was the ordering of them in their service , to come into the house of yahweh according to the ordinance given to them by aaron their father , as yahweh , the god of israel , had commanded him .
on the seventh day the priest shall examine the plague ; and behold , if the itch has n't spread , and there is no yellow hair in it , and the appearance of the itch is n't deeper than the skin ,
therefore , put on the whole armor of god , that you may be able to withstand in the evil day , and , having done all , to stand .
there we saw the nephilim , the sons of anak , who come of the nephilim : and we were in our own sight as grasshoppers , and so we were in their sight .
the chief priests and the scribes sought to lay hands on him that very hour , but they feared the peoplefor they knew he had spoken this parable against them .
even he whose coming is according to the working of satan with all power and signs and lying wonders ,
flee you , wander far off , dwell in the depths , you inhabitants of hazor , says yahweh ; for nebuchadnezzar king of babylon has taken counsel against you , and has conceived a purpose against you .
therefore i will yet contend with you , says yahweh , and with your children 's children will i contend .
will you yet say before him who kills you , i am god ? but you are man , and not god , in the hand of him who wounds you .
you shall surely let the hen go , but the young you may take to yourself ; that it may be well with you , and that you may prolong your days .
for thus says yahweh to the men of judah and to jerusalem , break up your fallow ground , and do n't sow among thorns .
the king said again to esther on the second day at the banquet of wine , what is your petition , queen esther ? and it shall be granted you : and what is your request ? even to the half of the kingdom it shall be performed .
the king of israel said , alas ! for yahweh has called these three kings together to deliver them into the hand of moab .
yah has punished me severely , but he has not given me over to death .
he who tills his land shall have plenty of bread , but he who chases fantasies is void of understanding .
there is a generation , oh how lofty are their eyes ! their eyelids are lifted up .
it happened that on the sixth day they gathered twice as much bread , two omers for each one , and all the rulers of the congregation came and told moses .
you shall offer no strange incense on it , nor burnt offering , nor meal offering ; and you shall pour no drink offering on it .
for in those days there will be oppression , such as there has not been the like from the beginning of the creation which god created until now , and never will be .
the earth is full of your loving kindness , yahweh . teach me your statutes . tet
so boaz took ruth , and she became his wife ; and he went in to her , and yahweh gave her conception , and she bore a son .
but man is born to trouble , as the sparks fly upward .
afterward he was revealed to the eleven themselves as they sat at the table , and he rebuked them for their unbelief and hardness of heart , because they did n't believe those who had seen him after he had risen .
both riches and honor come of you , and you rule over all ; and in your hand is power and might ; and it is in your hand to make great , and to give strength to all .
now these things , brothers , i have in a figure transferred to myself and apollos for your sakes , that in us you might learn not to think beyond the things which are written , that none of you be puffed up against one another .
because of your raging against me , and because your arrogance has come up into my ears , therefore will i put my hook in your nose and my bridle in your lips , and i will turn you back by the way by which you came .
now this i say that no one may delude you with persuasiveness of speech .
bring the tribe of levi near , and set them before aaron the priest , that they may minister to him .
he shall take from there his handful of the fine flour of the meal offering , and of its oil , and all the frankincense which is on the meal offering , and shall burn it on the altar for a sweet savor , as its memorial , to yahweh .
i weighed into their hand six hundred fifty talents of silver , and silver vessels one hundred talents ; of gold one hundred talents ;
if the stolen property is found in his hand alive , whether it is ox , donkey , or sheep , he shall pay double .
behold , hanamel the son of shallum your uncle shall come to you , saying , buy you my field that is in anathoth ; for the right of redemption is yours to buy it .
egypt was glad when they departed , for the fear of them had fallen on them .
because you say , i am rich , and have gotten riches , and have need of nothing ; ' and do n't know that you are the wretched one , miserable , poor , blind , and naked ;
they said therefore to him , what must we do , that we may work the works of god ?
these people draw near to me with their mouth , and honor me with their lips ; but their heart is far from me .
she said to the king , it was a true report that i heard in my own land of your acts , and of your wisdom .
now therefore know certainly that you shall die by the sword , by the famine , and by the pestilence , in the place where you desire to go to sojourn there .
do n't remember the former things , neither consider the things of old .
they had hair like women 's hair , and their teeth were like those of lions .
send to all them of the captivity , saying , thus says yahweh concerning shemaiah the nehelamite : because shemaiah has prophesied to you , and i did n't send him , and he has caused you to trust in a lie ;
for those who sleep , sleep in the night , and those who are drunken are drunken in the night .
in the shelter of your presence you will hide them from the plotting of man . you will keep them secretly in a dwelling away from the strife of tongues .
have you utterly rejected judah ? has your soul loathed zion ? why have you struck us , and there is no healing for us ? we looked for peace , but no good came ; and for a time of healing , and behold , dismay !
he said to him , most assuredly , i tell you , hereafter you will see heaven opened , and the angels of god ascending and descending on the son of man .
philip ; bartholomew ; thomas ; matthew the tax collector ; james the son of alphaeus ; and lebbaeus , whose surname was thaddaeus ;
he put them all together into custody for three days .
having a great and high wall ; having twelve gates , and at the gates twelve angels ; and names written on them , which are the names of the twelve tribes of the children of israel .
therefore i abhor myself , and repent in dust and ashes .
therefore hear the word of yahweh , you scoffers , that rule this people in jerusalem :
yahweh sold them into the hand of jabin king of canaan , who reigned in hazor ; the captain of whose army was sisera , who lived in harosheth of the gentiles .
the shapes of the locusts were like horses prepared for war . on their heads were something like golden crowns , and their faces were like people 's faces .
he seals up the hand of every man , that all men whom he has made may know it .
therefore thus says the lord yahweh : behold , my anger and my wrath shall be poured out on this place , on man , and on animal , and on the trees of the field , and on the fruit of the ground ; and it shall burn , and shall not be quenched .
nor do you consider that it is advantageous for us that one man should die for the people , and that the whole nation not perish .
when he had said this , and had taken bread , he gave thanks to god in the presence of all , and he broke it , and began to eat .
teach me your way , yahweh . lead me in a straight path , because of my enemies .
the sun will be turned into darkness , and the moon into blood , before the great and glorious day of the lord comes .
my beloved is mine , and i am his . he browses among the lilies .
the king of babylon killed the sons of zedekiah before his eyes : he killed also all the princes of judah in riblah .
and on her forehead a name was written , mystery , babylon the great , the mother of the prostitutes and of the abominations of the earth .
you inhabitants of moab , leave the cities , and dwell in the rock ; and be like the dove that makes her nest over the mouth of the abyss .
whatever is commanded by the god of heaven , let it be done exactly for the house of the god of heaven ; for why should there be wrath against the realm of the king and his sons ?
therefore sent he there horses , and chariots , and a great army : and they came by night , and surrounded the city .
as a lily among thorns , so is my love among the daughters . beloved
but if they will not hear , then will i pluck up that nation , plucking up and destroying it , says yahweh .
do n't say , why were the former days better than these ? for you do not ask wisely about this .
violence is risen up into a rod of wickedness ; none of them shall remain , nor of their multitude , nor of their wealth : neither shall there be eminency among them .
in that day , sing to her , a pleasant vineyard !
one shall burn the heifer in his sight ; her skin , and her flesh , and her blood , with her dung , shall he burn :
whether it be good , or whether it be evil , we will obey the voice of yahweh our god , to whom we send you ; that it may be well with us , when we obey the voice of yahweh our god .
now saul , and they , and all the men of israel , were in the valley of elah , fighting with the philistines .
ahab said to elijah , have you found me , my enemy ? he answered , i have found you , because you have sold yourself to do that which is evil in the sight of yahweh .
ephraim said , surely i have become rich , i have found myself wealth . in all my wealth they wo n't find in me any iniquity that is sin .
and when yahweh your god delivers it into your hand , you shall strike every male of it with the edge of the sword :
therefore thus says the lord yahweh : because you are all become dross , therefore , behold , i will gather you into the midst of jerusalem .
however , after i am raised up , i will go before you into galilee .
when they of ashdod arose early on the next day , behold , dagon was fallen on his face to the ground before the ark of yahweh . they took dagon , and set him in his place again .
for whom yahweh loves , he reproves ; even as a father reproves the son in whom he delights .
as the people were in expectation , and all men reasoned in their hearts concerning john , whether perhaps he was the christ ,
nor yet that he should offer himself often , as the high priest enters into the holy place year by year with blood not his own ,
after him abdon the son of hillel the pirathonite judged israel .
whoever touches anything that she sits on shall wash his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and be unclean until the evening .
now therefore put away , said he , the foreign gods which are among you , and incline your heart to yahweh , the god of israel .
these shall stand on mount ebal for the curse : reuben , gad , and asher , and zebulun , dan , and naphtali .
if his children forsake my law , and do n't walk in my ordinances ;
and they withstood uzziah the king , and said to him , it pertains not to you , uzziah , to burn incense to yahweh , but to the priests the sons of aaron , who are consecrated to burn incense : go out of the sanctuary ; for you have trespassed ; neither shall it be for your honor from yahweh god .
that looked like a jasper stone and a sardius . there was a rainbow around the throne , like an emerald to look at .
moses and aaron were brought again to pharaoh , and he said to them , go , serve yahweh your god ; but who are those who will go ?
therefore he takes knowledge of their works . he overturns them in the night , so that they are destroyed .
but when the jews saw the multitudes , they were filled with jealousy , and contradicted the things which were spoken by paul , and blasphemed .
out of the same mouth comes forth blessing and cursing . my brothers , these things ought not to be so .
now concerning the things about which you wrote to me : it is good for a man not to touch a woman .
be glad then , you children of zion , and rejoice in yahweh , your god ; for he gives you the former rain in just measure , and he causes the rain to come down for you , the former rain and the latter rain , as before .
teach me , and i will hold my peace ; cause me to understand wherein i have erred .
david said to michal , it was before yahweh , who chose me above your father , and above all his house , to appoint me prince over the people of yahweh , over israel : therefore will i play before yahweh .
open your mouth for the mute , in the cause of all who are left desolate .
the woman bore a son , and named him samson : and the child grew , and yahweh blessed him .
they envied moses also in the camp , and aaron , yahweh 's saint .
behold , i have called by name bezalel the son of uri , the son of hur , of the tribe of judah :
jacob said to rebekah his mother , behold , esau my brother is a hairy man , and i am a smooth man .
then solomon assembled the elders of israel , and all the heads of the tribes , the princes of the fathers ' houses of the children of israel , to jerusalem , to bring up the ark of the covenant of yahweh out of the city of david , which is zion .
judah and israel lived safely , every man under his vine and under his fig tree , from dan even to beersheba , all the days of solomon .
but he answered her not a word . his disciples came and begged him , saying , send her away ; for she cries after us .
but with you it may be that i will stay , or even winter , that you may send me on my journey wherever i go .
the proud have dug pits for me , contrary to your law .
another came forth , a red horse . to him who sat on it was given power to take peace from the earth , and that they should kill one another . there was given to him a great sword .
therefore i have also made you contemptible and base before all the people , according to the way you have not kept my ways , but have had respect for persons in the law .
because , knowing god , they did n't glorify him as god , neither gave thanks , but became vain in their reasoning , and their senseless heart was darkened .
even the god who executes vengeance for me , and subdues peoples under me .
he will cover you with his feathers . under his wings you will take refuge . his faithfulness is your shield and rampart .
in those days people will seek death , and will in no way find it . they will desire to die , and death will flee from them .
the prophet who prophesies of peace , when the word of the prophet shall happen , then shall the prophet be known , that yahweh has truly sent him .
samson lay until midnight , and arose at midnight , and laid hold of the doors of the gate of the city , and the two posts , and plucked them up , bar and all , and put them on his shoulders , and carried them up to the top of the mountain that is before hebron .
your dead body shall be food to all birds of the sky , and to the animals of the earth ; and there shall be none to frighten them away .
so nebuzaradan the captain of the guard sent , and nebushazban , rabsaris , and nergal sharezer , rabmag , and all the chief officers of the king of babylon ;
jesus looked around , and said to his disciples , how difficult it is for those who have riches to enter into the kingdom of god !
for this gird you with sackcloth , lament and wail ; for the fierce anger of yahweh has n't turned back from us .
on the second time joseph was made known to his brothers , and joseph 's race was revealed to pharaoh .
and asked them , is this your son , who you say was born blind ? how then does he now see ?
if she is a wall , we will build on her a turret of silver . if she is a door , we will enclose her with boards of cedar . beloved
also they were over the bearers of burdens , and set forward all who did the work in every manner of service : and of the levites there were scribes , and officers , and porters .
so hanamel my uncle 's son came to me in the court of the guard according to the word of yahweh , and said to me , please buy my field that is in anathoth , which is in the land of benjamin ; for the right of inheritance is yours , and the redemption is yours ; buy it for yourself . then i knew that this was the word of yahweh .
he took away the covering of judah ; and you looked in that day to the armor in the house of the forest .
yahweh said to moses , make you a fiery serpent , and set it on a standard : and it shall happen , that everyone who is bitten , when he sees it , shall live .
the men who held jesus mocked him and beat him .
but the levites who went far from me , when israel went astray , who went astray from me after their idols , they shall bear their iniquity .
when ephraim spoke , there was trembling . he exalted himself in israel , but when he became guilty in baal , he died .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
you shall take five shekels apiece for each one ; after the shekel of the sanctuary you shall take them ( the shekel is twenty gerahs ):
then said eliakim the son of hilkiah , and shebnah , and joah , to rabshakeh , please speak to your servants in the syrian language ; for we understand it : and do n't speak with us in the jews ' language , in the ears of the people who are on the wall .
the pharisees went out , and immediately conspired with the herodians against him , how they might destroy him .
i thank you , and praise you , you god of my fathers , who have given me wisdom and might , and have now made known to me what we desired of you ; for you have made known to us the king 's matter .
the anointed priest shall bring of the blood of the bull to the tent of meeting :
it happened , as they were burying a man , that behold , they spied a band ; and they cast the man into the tomb of elisha : and as soon as the man touched the bones of elisha , he revived , and stood up on his feet .
not by works of righteousness , which we did ourselves , but according to his mercy , he saved us , through the washing of regeneration and renewing by the holy spirit ,
and he said , yahweh is my rock , and my fortress , and my deliverer , even mine ;
so they set the people , even all the army who was on the north of the city , and their ambush on the west of the city ; and joshua went that night into the midst of the valley .
when he opened the second seal , i heard the second living creature saying , come !
and azariah the son of nathan was over the officers ; and zabud the son of nathan was chief minister , and the king 's friend ;
whoever curses his father or his mother , his lamp shall be put out in blackness of darkness .
the messengers came again , and said , thus speaks ben hadad , saying , i sent indeed to you , saying , you shall deliver me your silver , and your gold , and your wives , and your children ;
for the four chief porters , who were levites , were in an office of trust , and were over the chambers and over the treasuries in the house of god .
god , you have taught me from my youth . until now , i have declared your wondrous works .
the lord sent a word into jacob , and it falls on israel .
then said daniel to the king , o king , live forever .
you have enlarged my steps under me ; my feet have not slipped .
it shall be , when you have seized on the city , that you shall set the city on fire ; according to the word of yahweh shall you do : behold , i have commanded you .
i have gone astray like a lost sheep . seek your servant , for i do n't forget your commandments .
the king commanded jerahmeel the king 's son , and seraiah the son of azriel , and shelemiah the son of abdeel , to take baruch the scribe and jeremiah the prophet ; but yahweh hid them .
every day i will praise you . i will extol your name forever and ever .
also i shook out my lap , and said , so god shake out every man from his house , and from his labor , that does n't perform this promise ; even thus be he shaken out , and emptied . all the assembly said , amen , and praised yahweh . the people did according to this promise .
whoever seeks to save his life loses it , but whoever loses his life preserves it .
i , the preacher , was king over israel in jerusalem .
then shall there enter in by the gates of this city kings and princes sitting on the throne of david , riding in chariots and on horses , they , and their princes , the men of judah , and the inhabitants of jerusalem ; and this city shall remain forever .
when his friends heard it , they went out to seize him : for they said , he is insane .
now therefore , god of israel , please let your word be verified , which you spoke to your servant david my father .
look to me , and be you saved , all the ends of the earth ; for i am god , and there is none else .
peter answered him and said , lord , if it is you , command me to come to you on the waters .
instruct a wise man , and he will be still wiser . teach a righteous man , and he will increase in learning .
but if yahweh make a new thing , and the ground open its mouth , and swallow them up , with all that appertain to them , and they go down alive into sheol ; then you shall understand that these men have despised yahweh .
my hand has found the riches of the peoples like a nest , and like one gathers eggs that are abandoned , have i gathered all the earth . there was no one who moved their wing , or that opened their mouth , or chirped .
do n't fret yourself because of evildoers ; neither be envious of the wicked :
as you do n't know what is the way of the wind , nor how the bones grow in the womb of her who is with child ; even so you do n't know the work of god who does all .
then jesus said to his disciples , if anyone desires to come after me , let him deny himself , and take up his cross , and follow me .
for it is n't he who commends himself who is approved , but whom the lord commends .
a great multitude followed him , because they saw his signs which he did on those who were sick .
i will scatter them also among the nations , whom neither they nor their fathers have known ; and i will send the sword after them , until i have consumed them .
the priest shall make atonement for all the congregation of the children of israel , and they shall be forgiven ; for it was an error , and they have brought their offering , an offering made by fire to yahweh , and their sin offering before yahweh , for their error :
but there were some of the scribes sitting there , and reasoning in their hearts ,
there shall be no prostitute of the daughters of israel , neither shall there be a sodomite of the sons of israel .
on the third day abraham lifted up his eyes , and saw the place far off .
he said to him , well done , you good servant ! because you were found faithful with very little , you shall have authority over ten cities . '
therefore watch carefully how you walk , not as unwise , but as wise ;
the word that yahweh spoke concerning babylon , concerning the land of the chaldeans , by jeremiah the prophet .
my soul is also in great anguish . but you , yahwehhow long ?
i will get a morsel of bread so you can refresh your heart . after that you may go your way , now that you have come to your servant . they said , very well , do as you have said .
why do you stand far off , yahweh ? why do you hide yourself in times of trouble ?
but paul chose silas , and went out , being commended by the brothers to the grace of god .
john said to him , teacher , we saw someone who does n't follow us casting out demons in your name ; and we forbade him , because he does n't follow us .
for yahweh had said of them , they shall surely die in the wilderness . there was not left a man of them , save caleb the son of jephunneh , and joshua the son of nun .
and kept back part of the price , his wife also being aware of it , and brought a certain part , and laid it at the apostles ' feet .
therefore in the resurrection whose wife of them will she be ? for the seven had her as a wife .
there were six branches going out of its sides : three branches of the lampstand out of its one side , and three branches of the lampstand out of its other side :
but the angel of yahweh did no more appear to manoah or to his wife . then manoah knew that he was the angel of yahweh .
you have fed them with the bread of tears , and given them tears to drink in large measure .
why should i fear in the days of evil , when iniquity at my heels surrounds me ?
cry aloud with your voice , daughter of gallim ! listen , laishah ! you poor anathoth !
do n't be hasty in your spirit to be angry , for anger rests in the bosom of fools .
he took all the gold and silver , and all the vessels that were found in the house of god with obed - edom , and the treasures of the king 's house , the hostages also , and returned to samaria .
it happened after these things , that the son of the woman , the mistress of the house , fell sick ; and his sickness was so sore , that there was no breath left in him .
the rulers brought the onyx stones , and the stones to be set , for the ephod and for the breastplate ;
behold , the days come , says yahweh , that i will raise to david a righteous branch , and he shall reign as king and deal wisely , and shall execute justice and righteousness in the land .
yahweh has opened his armory , and has brought forth the weapons of his indignation ; for the lord , yahweh of armies , has a work to do in the land of the chaldeans .
terrors are turned on me . they chase my honor as the wind . my welfare has passed away as a cloud .
he said to them , the sabbath was made for man , not man for the sabbath .
now therefore , sons , listen to me . pay attention to the words of my mouth .
and crying out with a loud voice , he said , what have i to do with you , jesus , you son of the most high god ? i adjure you by god , do n't torment me .
yahweh said to moses , stretch out your hand toward the sky , that there may be darkness over the land of egypt , even darkness which may be felt .
but when i found that he had committed nothing worthy of death , and as he himself appealed to the emperor i determined to send him .
moses and aaron went out from pharaoh , and moses cried to yahweh concerning the frogs which he had brought on pharaoh .
then nebuchadnezzar the king sent to gather together the satraps , the deputies , and the governors , the judges , the treasurers , the counselors , the sheriffs , and all the rulers of the provinces , to come to the dedication of the image which nebuchadnezzar the king had set up .
he received the sign of circumcision , a seal of the righteousness of the faith which he had while he was in uncircumcision , that he might be the father of all those who believe , though they be in uncircumcision , that righteousness might also be accounted to them .
i have compared you , my love , to a steed in pharaoh 's chariots .
you hem me in behind and before . you laid your hand on me .
do n't say , i will pay back evil . wait for yahweh , and he will save you .
that servant came , and told his lord these things . then the master of the house , being angry , said to his servant , go out quickly into the streets and lanes of the city , and bring in the poor , maimed , blind , and lame . '
then david returned to bless his household . michal the daughter of saul came out to meet david , and said , how glorious was the king of israel today , who uncovered himself today in the eyes of the handmaids of his servants , as one of the vain fellows shamelessly uncovers himself !
i have heard many such things . miserable comforters are you all !
the woman took and spread the covering over the well 's mouth , and strewed bruised grain thereon ; and nothing was known .
and you shall say , i will go up to the land of unwalled villages ; i will go to those who are at rest , who dwell securely , all of them dwelling without walls , and having neither bars nor gates ;
yahweh , my god , i take refuge in you . save me from all those who pursue me , and deliver me ,
so hanun took david 's servants , and shaved off the one half of their beards , and cut off their garments in the middle , even to their buttocks , and sent them away .
he shall come into the realm of the king of the south , but he shall return into his own land .
and she had been a widow for about eighty - four years ) , who did n't depart from the temple , worshipping with fastings and petitions night and day .
you shall make two cherubim of hammered gold . you shall make them at the two ends of the mercy seat .
he lifted up his eyes to his disciples , and said , blessed are you who are poor , for yours is the kingdom of god .
for he looked for the city which has the foundations , whose builder and maker is god .
but if your eye is evil , your whole body will be full of darkness . if therefore the light that is in you is darkness , how great is the darkness !
there was evening and there was morning , a third day .
he said , i have been very jealous for yahweh , the god of armies ; for the children of israel have forsaken your covenant , thrown down your altars , and slain your prophets with the sword ; and i , even i only , am left ; and they seek my life , to take it away .
now jehoshaphat had riches and honor in abundance ; and he joined affinity with ahab .
in that they show the work of the law written in their hearts , their conscience testifying with them , and their thoughts among themselves accusing or else excusing them )
when anyone hears the word of the kingdom , and does n't understand it , the evil one comes , and snatches away that which has been sown in his heart . this is what was sown by the roadside .
when he came to samaria , he struck all who remained to ahab in samaria , until he had destroyed him , according to the word of yahweh , which he spoke to elijah .
do n't reject me in my old age . do n't forsake me when my strength fails .
now all the athenians and the strangers living there spent their time in nothing else , but either to tell or to hear some new thing .
behold , let that night be barren . let no joyful voice come therein .
but when he was strong , his heart was lifted up , so that he did corruptly , and he trespassed against yahweh his god ; for he went into the temple of yahweh to burn incense on the altar of incense .
i saw among the simple ones . i discerned among the youths a young man void of understanding ,
for , he who would love life , and see good days , let him keep his tongue from evil , and his lips from speaking deceit .
i also will answer my part , and i also will show my opinion .
who drink wine in bowls , and anoint themselves with the best oils ; but they are not grieved for the affliction of joseph .
that the blood of all the prophets , which was shed from the foundation of the world , may be required of this generation ;
that which is left of the meal offering shall be aaron 's and his sons ' . it is a thing most holy of the offerings of yahweh made by fire .
there is one glory of the sun , another glory of the moon , and another glory of the stars ; for one star differs from another star in glory .
