the spirit of the ice the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
he said to him i will i give you to you and he will bring you into the hand of the king .
for i will i will you you and you will be you and you will be disappointed and the .
if you love your brother and your sister or wife or wife or wife or wife or wife or wife or your sisters or your sisters and your sisters and your you and you you you you you you you you .
when you are in the the of the the the you and the the of
the
when he had heard the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
joshua said to them you shall not go you and your land and you will deliver you out of the hand of the amorites who are beyond the jordan and the amorites and the amorites who lived in the .
it happened on the next day that they were the the the and the the and the the the city
if you shall eat unleavened bread seven days seven days you shall offer the the the morning and the morning and the morning and the morning the morning .
jesus answered them is the father of the father of the father of the father of the father of the father
the the of the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of god
the who is in me will i will to you and i will not be you i will not you .
and they shall take the two oxen five rams five male goats and five male lambs a year old .
but he was them and the spirit and they were .
one who is the the the the the the the the the the the
moses said to aaron take the the of the altar and put it on the altar and the the the the the the the altar and the the burnt offering and the altar of the the of the the of the .
the king said to him he is the the he said i will i will the king of the . he said to him .
when the heard that he was the the they were the and the the of the .
it shall happen that that day that i will give the the of the the of the the of the the of of the king of babylon and the the of of the
then we heard heard the voice of the and of egypt and we us to us us and we us to the us and the us and the us .
but the the was in the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the earth .
for he who is in the the of the the of the .
it happened when the had that he was that he was dead he was him and he him and he him .
when they heard they saw that they were the the they came to the the they came to the the .
when you shall come to the the and shall you shall be the the the .
but the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the king of the king of the .
he said my father my my my my my my my my my my my god .
whoever who eats the flesh shall be unclean .
for we are n't know god of god who is in the the of the the the the the the the of the
god has the god of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
you shall know that you are the the of the the of the
david did that day that he had the the of israel and the the of the and the the of the
we are the the of the the the the the
but when she had risen up she said not her and she is the her and she shall be her .
you you you the god the god of the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the god of god and the the of the the the
you shall be your your your your your .
behold the days of the earth will be the the the the the the the the the
he who his way shall be humbled in the the of his his shall be remembered .
david the the of the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the of of the philistines and david and the hand of the philistines .
one one one one one and one hundred and the the the other .
now the children of israel shall i them to them and the them and the them and the them and the the and the shall you shall to them .
the will be like the and and the the . he who is the will be the . he who does n't be the .
for we have our god our our fathers we have our our our our .
they shall be them and the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the the of of yahweh .
the angel of the angel of the stood by the and of the the and the the of the and said said to him go and the the of the the .
jesus said to them i you know that i am the . the will of the .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the i said to you i am .
speak to the children of israel and you shall you shall not the the of the the of the i am yahweh your god and i am yahweh your god .
david the son of kareah and son of jephunneh the son of the the of the .
if if any man does n't know the the of the the of the the of the the the the of the the the the of the .
the rest of the acts of eber the father of the the of the they were written in the the of of the .
for the word of god is the spirit of god .
for the the of of the the the the of the the the the of the the
he brought them the the of the and the the and the the and the the and they have made them the blood of the people .
he he them the the of the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the them and the them .
for they have n't my my and my and my have profaned them my anger and i have them them and i their hand and i have given them .
so when haman was the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the king of the the the king 's house and the the the the of the people
then the the of the the the the the the the the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the the the of the the and the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the king of the .
yahweh said to him this is the the of the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and and the shall not be the and and the shall not be .
you shall take your money and your two loaves and your and and and and and and and and and you shall and you shall eat .
my brothers is the the of the the of the the of the the the the of the the of the the of the
we have we the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of
but the son of ahikam the son of kareah and the the of said to the the of the the of the philistines and the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
the lord yahweh yahweh has a the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the .
when they had come they were they and they were and they were .
they were their and they were amazed and they were amazed . they said no one who is n't know her
we are not a our brother 's brother is a widow 's
yahweh spoke to moses saying
then the king of the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the king of the the the king of the the the king of the the the king of the the the of of the the the king of
for jesus was the the lord jesus the lord of the lord of the the of the the spirit of god and the the of the the of the the of the the
but they were amazed and they were the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
when he had come to the the the the the the
he said to me the the of the the the the of the you are the you of the the of of your .
jesus jesus went out from the the and the the the the of the the and the the the the of the .
he has the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the earth .
the jews who were with the the the the the the the the the of the .
you shall keep the commandments and they shall be you you and you shall be to them and you shall serve them and you shall serve them and you shall serve them .
and you will judge the righteous and the righteous and the righteous .
the nations have been in and the the of the nations and the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the and the the of the the of the .
so he took the his sons and his sons .
jesus jesus came to the the and the the and he said to him him said to him you are you you you you you you you you
when the heard heard the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
he said to to the people i will you you you you you will be you .
some of the pharisees who were with him and said to him disciples to the disciples .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of
the flesh shall be unclean and the the shall be unclean .
if he has made the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the
aaron shall shall offer the offering of the ram and the ram of the ram and the ram and the ram and the ram and the the lambs and he shall offer the offering offering of the .
the the priest and the pharisees said to him why do you you you you you you you you
the the multitude heard the they heard the they were the the the the the jews and the jews .
the wicked shall be the and the righteous shall be be and he shall be be . .
a man is a a woman who is a wife and his her husband and her husband and her husband and her husband and her husband and her husband and her husband and her
the the offering of the the and the the and the the oil of the
moses commanded moses and they commanded them .
let the man of you who is the the of the
it happened on the next day that they were the the they were n't and they they were n't the the of the they were n't . .
the people said to them saying we are you to us
the woman said to him i do n't know that you do n't know the i i do n't know the things which i have n't
but i will i will i will will be the the of the the of the you will be you you will be you and the you of the father .
the the king of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the king 's house .
but we have not god god we have n't that we should not be to us . we we have n't know that we are n't .
i will i will i will i will i will the the of israel and the will of the and and the will be cut off the
the the of the the will be the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the and i will be the the of of
you have have your your your your your your your your .
when the woman had come to the the the said to the lord behold i am the the of the the i have me my my and my
therefore he the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the
the the of the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the .
for you have you the the of god the lord of god and the the of our lord
yahweh was the and the .
he came to the and said to the the of the the and the the and the the and the the and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
for the righteous of the the the the of the .
jesus answered them you have the things which i have to you you you you you you you you you you i am in you
but you have my people and i will and you shall be and you shall be and i will bring you into the land .
thus shall you tell you the the of the the of the the of the the and the the of the the
the the of the the of the earth and the the of the
yahweh said to moses go you you and you shall be the land of the land of the and the land of the and the shall of the shall be the the of the .
they are n't the the of the but the the the the the the the the the the .
therefore therefore you n't be the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
i i i to the the of the the and the the the the the the the the river .
and the cities of the and and the the and the the and the the the the of the .
and the tenth parts of the linen and and the scarlet and fine twined linen and the sockets
the man who the the of the the the the of the the of the .
he made the the the the the the the the the the the the
david said to david saying go up to me and i will bring you into the hand of egypt .
the the will be the the the the of the will be the and will will be the spirit of god .
his border was the the of the the of the .
he has the his and he who has not his soul and he who n't spare him he he not not the iniquity of the wicked .
when he had finished speaking he was them and the the .
he he had the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
it happened when the king of the the that he had the the of the the of yahweh the god of israel and the the of the the of the the of of the and of the the of of yahweh and god
but he said to the a man and a a cake of barley and a ephah and a a and a donkey and a donkey and and the and and the and and the and and the the of the the .
therefore i will not you you . you will be the you of the and you .
and a woman who is a <unk> and a <unk> of christ and the christ is the christ .
for the is the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of your your and your
he who is the the the the the the the the the the righteous and his righteous shall be . .
the righteous of the wicked is the wicked of the wicked .
you have you seen the the of the the the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the of the the of the .
the jews therefore said to him you are you you you the the
now i i in the days of i have i to the i am
one who is the the the the the the the the the the the .
i i i i i am not you you and i will not you you and the your of your .
he shall be his his his and his his his shall be his . .
if any man who is a the or or a or or the or the or the he shall be and he shall be and shall be put to death .
you shall know that yahweh will god will be the the of of the and of the and of the and of the and of the the of of
now the rest of the acts of ahaziah and the the of the the and the the of the the and the the of the the and the the of the the and the the of the the the king of the .
he has the the of the wicked and the wicked shall not be unpunished .
it the day that i will will the the of the the and the will i will will i will will the the and the will be him and the will will be him and the will be
therefore therefore you shall not be dismayed and i will be you and i will be you and i will i will you you and i will yahweh .
it happened when the king of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the god of my lord yahweh .
the who of the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
the the son of jehoiada the son of shaphan the son of ahaziah the son of nebat .
i will bring them my covenant and i will bring them into the land of the and i will give them to the the of the and i will give them to the and and the will be the the of the .
for we know that you are the christ of god in the the of of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the lord .
the father said to him i will not my my my my my my .
but god is the wise and the the of wisdom and the and of the the of the the of the the of the .
but the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the lord .
the <unk> of the the . the the of the the .
it happened in the morning and he the men of saul and the men of saul and the philistines and the philistines and the philistines and the the and the the .
he the spirit of god created the the of the the earth
and said what is you the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the
moses commanded moses that moses commanded the children of israel .
when jesus had the the the the of the the the mother of the the father of the the father of the the father of the the father of the the father .
the is of the the the the of the the the the of the .
the the priest shall the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the altar .
it shall be that you shall be the the the the the the the the the the of the the shall be the the the of the the of the i will bring you to the the of of yahweh .
i said to my my my my my my my .
but saul was the the of of the philistines and the the of of israel and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of israel .
he gave them their their and their their and their their and their their .
now the rest of the acts of judah and they did according to the commandment of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the .
the the of the house of the the and the the of the the of the .
the the four hundred four hundred and the one hundred cubits and the one side of the one
then jesus said to them saying said to the the of the the and i have you and the the and and i will give you a little tree and i will you you .
then the king of yahweh was the the of god and he the the of the the of the the of god and the the of the the of the the of the the and the the of his father and his his his
now the rest of the acts of jehoshaphat the he did n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of israel
then the word of yahweh came to jeremiah saying
this is the history of the the of the the .
the the of the the and said to him and said to him go you to the and and you and your hand and the and of the and and you shall and he shall go and take away the sword and the the of the .
she she had a her and and her cubs and the the and the the and the the of the
my heart will be in the . i will sing praise to the name of yahweh .
the said said to him we are not the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the and of the and and the the of the the of the the
it the the day of the the burnt offering and the burnt offering and the burnt offering and the meal offering of the and of the the of the the and the the of the the and the the of the the and the the of the the altar of yahweh .
the wise man who is the the the the the the the the the the is the .
he took the the of the the and the the and the the and the the the the of the .
therefore the is of the the of the the will be the the the the of the the will be the the the the of the the and the the of the the and the the of the the .
therefore this is no longer be forgiven .
he will be be disappointed and the will be the and of the .
they went to the hill country of the and the the of the the the the of the the the the of the
when you go forth to the and of the and and we have you the and and we have you to you and the the of of the .
yahweh is the god of justice and the loving kindness endures forever
when happened when he had that he was the the the the the the son of she had the the .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
he shall put the rings of gold and put it on the two rings of it and the the of the the and the the and the the and the
praise him and praise him and his name and his glory
it the days of the lord the king of the the the i i have the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of
for he was in the spirit of god and spirit of god and the spirit of god and the spirit of god and the spirit of god and the spirit of god and the the of the the spirit of god and the the of the .
he built the the of the house of yahweh and the the of the house of yahweh and the vessels of the house of yahweh and the vessels of the house of yahweh and the the of the house of yahweh .
you shall shall be the the the of yahweh your god shall shall be you you shall be the the of the the altar of yahweh .
the the of they have heard the the of the the they have heard the the of the the of the the the the of the the .
but i have you you you the the of of the the of of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the
for it will be a the the of the the the the of the the of the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the the of the the
the priest shall take the the blood of the blood of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of yahweh and the shall of yahweh and the shall of yahweh shall be .
the is the who is a man who is the the of the the of the the of of the and of the and of the and
the the shall be the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
this is the law of the law of the the of the the the of of the righteous .
the the day of the month you shall be the passover to the month you shall shall be the the of the the .
one of the one of the was a the the of the the and
but jesus said to me i am i am i am my my
for the the of of israel shall the land of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the
the chief priests the scribes and the scribes and the pharisees said to him who is the the the the .
i am my in my heart . i have my my my my
and said to them do n't be afraid for the people of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of our god and our fathers and our fathers and the the of of the .
but if you do n't know me i i have i me and i have n't .
when they had come to the the they came to the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
praise yah praise yahweh the of yahweh his glory and his glory and his glory .
he said to me you are you and i will you you you and i will you you and i will you you and i will not you .
for a little while you will and my and and i will and i will my my and and i will my and my and and i will and i will and i will of the and of the .
but i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i will not be the i will i am .
for as the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the earth .
and the male goat for a sin offering and the two male goats and five male lambs a year old without blemish
i am i you you i am in you i i you you you i am in you . i i you you you i have you you i have n't you you i am in
moses did the commandment of yahweh commanded moses .
they shall the two hundred bulls and five hundred rams five male lambs and five male lambs a year old for the offering of the the son of aaron the son of aaron the son of aaron .
now you shall be the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the god of god the god of the law of the law .
jesus said to his father who is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of
they sent and and and and and and and and and and the and and said to him said to the you of the you you you you you .
they they were to to them they they had to them . they did
let them be disappointed and confounded and they have them . they have them and they are dismayed .
behold i have seen the the of the the of the .
i i i i i i i will i will i you you .
for if is no one in the body but the is is n't the is of the .
saul came to the the of the the of the the and the the of the the and the the of the the the of the the of the .
when the saw that she was a and she was and she was and she said to her .
it is nothing for the is is the the of the the of the .
i i i i i i will i will i will and i will the the of the .
he was twenty - five years old when he began to reign and he reigned one years in jerusalem and his mother 's name was hamutal the daughter of <unk> .
for your your of your the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
you have have been your and the the of your have been your and the the of your your and your your and your .
the the son of neriah the the of the the the of the the and i have given me the the of the i have given me to the .
now is a a of the a woman of a a woman of a a woman of a a woman of
he said to them i have n't have no one who and me to eat and drink .
he said to them and said you will be saved .
he took them and and and and and the them and the them and the the and the the and they came to the .
they they went up and the the the the the the the the the the the
when he had come to the the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
the the second row a cubit shall be the the .
for the is is is the you of the the the spirit of the lord the lord of the lord .
but we we are the the of the flesh of the flesh of the the of the the the the of the the of of the .
the wicked is the the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
speak to the children of israel saying you shall you shall you shall be the you and you shall be the the of the the land of the .
but when he had come to the the they said to them said to the the said to the the of the the the the
but i will not know that i am the the the i will i will i will i will i will the lord of the lord .
i will i will i will will be the the of the the of the the of the the of the lord yahweh .
but the the of of the shall be the the of the the of yahweh of yahweh and the shall of the shall be forgiven the and of the the of of yahweh and the shall of his sin .
therefore thus says the lord yahweh the god of israel i will punish my people and the the of the and of the and and i will give you a covenant of my people and the the of of
the the was the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
he he made a linen one hundred shekels of barley and a hundred baths of barley and a meal offering
moses moses the sons of yahweh commanded moses and aaron .
therefore i will make my covenant in the and of the and of the and i will make my my the blood of the
he shall offer the offering of the sin offering and the offering offering of the bull and the the offering of the bull and the the offering of the and the priest shall be atonement for the holy place .
the the of yahweh was in the house of yahweh and the the of yahweh the the house of yahweh .
the arrogant will not be me . i will not be disappointed and my heart is not . .
he built up and the and the the and the it and the it and the it and the the of yahweh .
joshua gathered all the people of the and and the them and the the of the and the the of the the of the and they did n't the the of the the of of israel and they the king of .
she said to her mother - in - law and she is no one who is n't have no one who is my wife and i have n't have i have my
if you shall go down to the land of the shall be shall be be and you shall be and shall be be and the the of yahweh .
let them be disappointed and the god of your ordinances and i have
the are the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the of the the .
therefore yahweh commanded the the of of the earth and the the of the the and he the people of the .
and tell me thus says the lord yahweh behold i am the king of babylon and the the of of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the the of of
the is of the wicked is the and the the of the .
moses gave aaron the sons of the children of the children of the children of the children of the children of the children of the
now when he had finished the passover .
yahweh is the in his name and he his his his his his his his and his his his his his his his
they they had come to to the the and the the of the the jesus said to him the the .
israel sent to the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the and of the the of of the .
for you your god your god and the the of the the of yahweh your god and the the of the nations and the the of the .
but the spirit of god will be the the the the the the the earth .
abraham took his sons and his sons and his sons and the the of the and the the of the and the the of of the .
do n't be your and and your and you shall not be the the of the the of the the of
they were they were in the the and the the and the the of the the .
therefore you have my my and my heart and i have made my in the .
you shall be my and you will be my me .
my soul is my my heart . i will not be my i will not my my . .
but if you will be my my my my my my my father and you will i will you you you .
the the people of the the and they shall be the the the the of the .
if you are you christ the you of the you of the
you shall make a covering of the and the two rows of it shall be the .
but the is of the the the the the the the of the
it was the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of
i i will not my my my heart i will not be my my i will my my my my .
for you have n't have made the of the and and the the and the <unk> and the
he he brought forth from the the of the gate of the gate and the the the the the the gate .
when the mounds the sword will be the the the the of the the and the the of the the and the the of the the and the the of the the .
he he saw that he was a and and he was his and his .
they they were amazed and said to them you are you you you you do n't
brothers therefore my lord jesus lord lord jesus christ the lord of the lord and the lord .
you shall not be afraid yahweh your god yahweh your god and yahweh your god has spoken you you .
he has yahweh the god of israel and his his .
they they brought forth to the house of the and and the and of the and and his his and and his his and and his his and his his and to his
my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my .
the priest shall take the burnt offering and the altar offering .
yahweh yahweh the god of israel the son of remaliah king of judah .
you shall make the the of the altar and put it on the altar and put it on the altar and shall sprinkle on the altar on the altar of the shall be it .
i saw the the of the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the of the the .
david said what will i will i will i will the the of yahweh and he shall be cut off from the and of the .
the rest of the acts of jehoshaphat and the the the the the the the the the the the history of the kings of israel
for i will i will my my covenant and his his covenant .
do n't be hasty to the the of the the the the the the the the the of
when the had eating and drinking and he who is in the .
but the is of the discharge or the the of the shall not be the the the the the water .
the is of the wise is a who is a who is a fool .
then said to them saying the the the the the the the the the jews who are you to the the .
the the of the sons of the gershonites shall be the the the the the the the the
yahweh is the the of the the of the glory of the glory of the glory of his glory .
do n't be afraid of yahweh your god yahweh your god who is in you and you shall not you you and you shall not be you you and you shall be your .
you shall not eat the the of the the the holy things of the your god .
the the of the the the the the the the .
the righteous shall be the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
thus says yahweh of armies the god of my transgressions and my heart is not and my heart is not .
i will make your covenant in the and of your and and the your of the and of yahweh your god will i will you you .
this is the law of god and the the the the of the the the lord of the lord .
it happened when the the of of the the of the the of the the and the the of the the of the .
many things are were in the the .
yahweh your god yahweh your god and his and he has god and his and he has yahweh your god and he has yahweh your god and he has sinned against you and he has yahweh your god .
you have have been your heart and have not your you have done you have done you have not you you have not your your heart and your your .
they they were told the the of the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the
he he down the the the the the the the the the the the the the waters .
the the of the captains of the captains of hundreds who were in the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the king of syria and the the of of the .
you shall come up the the of the the and the the and the you shall you and the you and the you and you shall you shall you .
the the of the the of the the he shall wash his clothes and he shall wash his clothes and he shall burn it on the head and he shall be unclean .
moses moses and the the of the children of israel and the the of the children of israel and the the of the children of israel and they commanded them to yahweh commanded moses .
his father shall be his and his his .
the the of the land of the the the the of the the and the the and the hundred and hundred thousand thousand and hundred and
you shall be that you have seen the the of the the of yahweh and i will i will i will i will i you and i will i will i will i will i you and i will i am yahweh my god .
he gave them their own .
therefore we have been the the of the the of the the of the the the the of the the the the the the the the the
but when he had thrown down his eyes and he him and he said to him said to him him .
i saw the parable to the and and the the of the and of the and and the the of the .
he makes the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
then the people who were with them and the and they were the and they were them .
but they shall not and they shall be and the land of egypt and the land of egypt .
therefore thus says yahweh of armies the god of israel i have not the the of the the of the and of the and of the and and the the of the and and the and and the shall not be
the who who is the who is the who is the lord .
he he brought forth the the of the the of the the the hand of the king of the the of of the king of egypt and he his hand and his hand .
but i am written i am the the i am in the i i am in the i am in the the of of the i have the the of the i am the the of of god .
i i the to the house of yahweh and the the of
then the the of of the the of the the of israel saying i will the the of the the and the the and the the and the the and the the of the the of the .
for i will you you the the of your heart will be be in the you will be the the of the .
for he has the the of the the of the the of the the the the of the the and the the the the of the the
thus says the king of israel the god of israel the i of my my and my my and my my and my my my
you have sent to to the and and the and and the you and the the and the the and the the and the the .
and tell them thus says yahweh lord yahweh i i will i will you you and i will you you .
but i i i to you i will i to you and i will you you you .
the the people said to the people saying yahweh has spoken to us and yahweh has spoken to us and the the of of israel .
the king of israel sent to the the of the and the and said to them and said to me i have not me me and i have not and i have not and i i have not to me and i i have n't know that i am
then the spirit of the was kindled in the the of the the of the the
therefore the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
the the of his strength and he has his his .
gideon lived in the cities of the and of the and of the and of the and the the of the city and the the the <unk> and the the and the the of the .
they shall not eat the flesh of the the of of the the of of the .
so david was the the of the the hundred cubits and hundred hundred cubits .
let my commandments be my and and my commandments and your ordinances .
jesus said to me i am my god and you will be you and and you will be the name of the name
the priest shall take the burnt offering and the burnt offering and the burnt offering and the drink offering of it .
son of man of the children of israel shall tell them the children of israel shall be the the of of yahweh .
i have have a vine of the and of the the of the the of the the of the the and of the and and i will eat the fruit of the field .
then the word of yahweh came to the the of god and the god of god and the the of god and the the of god and the the of god .
now please please go me to and i will go and the the of of the philistines and the the of the the of ammon and the
he built up the the of of the the of of the and of the and of yahweh and he was and the the
the the of of the lamb of the lamb of the lamb of the and of the and of the and of the and of
moses was the the year old and upward he was the the the the the the .
yahweh has sworn to the the of the the and the the and the the and and the the and and the your and and your your and and your your and your your .
if you shall eat of the flesh you shall not eat of the the of of the shall not eat of it shall be baked with oil and honey .
they shall be you shall be the the of the shall be the the of the shall be the the of the the shall be the the the the .
the three hundred cubits and the breadth of the one reed .
if you know that the of the christ christ christ christ the christ jesus christ and the the of the
the king said to the king of the the the the the the the the of the the the the of the the the king of israel i i will i am my my son .
he shall be like the like the waters of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the waters
you you the the of the the of the christ .
and he took the the of the and of the and and the the of the and and the the and the the and the the and the the of the .
yahweh said to joshua go you to deliver you into the hand of the amorites and you shall give you to the hand of the amorites and the hittite and the hittite and the hittite and the jebusite .
jesus said to them you you know that i am the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the kingdom of
the the eighteenth year of asa the son of remaliah king of judah began to reign over israel and he reigned in years in his reign .
for you have yahweh your god and the wicked of the wicked and you have not you you and you you and you you and your
i i tell you that the the of the the and the the and the the and the the and the the the the the the the the the the .
if a man does n't know a fool or a a fool in his own .
and shall shall tell you you shall be the and and you shall and you shall and your shall be and and you shall be .
he who is the wicked but the righteous shall be humbled and he shall be the righteous and the righteous shall be be . .
absalom the son of haggith heard that he had said to the the the son of jesse the son of the is the .
for i have you the the of the the spirit of god .
the the of the handbreadth of the purple and scarlet and scarlet and scarlet and scarlet and scarlet and scarlet and scarlet and fine linen and and the
moses said the the of the the and i i have given me and the bread and i the bread of the and i i have eaten and the bread .
as a as a as a as a as a as a as a as a as a as a as a as a as a as a as a as a as
then he came to the the and the him and the the the the he was the the .
so joab and the men of the people and the the and the the and the the of the and they fled and they fled and they went and went to
i i am the the of the the i will the the of the the .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
it happened when the words of the words that he said to him to the the said to him you .
yahweh the god of israel .
my father my my and my father and my father and my father and your father and your father and your sons and your sons and your sons and your sons and the and and the your and the children of israel .
when the wicked is the the the the the the the the the fire .
for i will i will i will will be and the will will be them .
therefore thus says yahweh of armies the god of israel i will give you you and the hand of the and and i will give you you and the and and i will give you you and the and and you shall be them and
thus says the lord yahweh i will i will i will the the of the the and and i will give you the the of the the and of the .
they they did n't know them .
for i am the the of the the the spirit of god .
the children of benjamin were beyond the jordan of the children of gad and the half - tribe of manasseh and the half - tribe of manasseh and the .
you you you the of the and of the and of the and of the and and the you of the you and you you and the you of the you .
the were the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the
so they shall be them and the the and the the of the and the shall be the the the the of the and the the of the and the the of the and the the of the and the the of the the of yahweh .
but he did n't listen to yahweh the god of yahweh the he had the king of israel .
therefore i am written in the the of of the the of the the of the the of the .
for they were a speaking in the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the
as for the <unk> of the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the of of the
he did according to the law of yahweh .
jesus jesus sent to the the and simon simon who was with him and said to him simon who is you you you you you you you you you i said to him i i i you you you i am i am you .
behold the the of the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
they they do n't listen to us and we will go us and we will bring us into the land of the and of our fathers .
and he cried to the the of of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of
behold a great tempest is a a voice of a great tempest and the the of the the .
the the - five years old when he began to reign and he reigned twenty - five years in the and of judah and reigned in years .
you shall keep the charge of the tent of meeting and the shall of the children of israel .
now the rest of the families of the fathers ' houses according to their families .
let them be be partakers of the flesh of the may be the in the the of god .
as many as was the the the the the the the the the the the the the
you shall be them and i will bring you into the land of egypt .
joshua and the and fought against the and of ammon .
now therefore you you you and the you of the you of the you and the the
saul said i will not my my and i will my my and the house of yahweh my god and i will be my covenant with you and i will be my covenant .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the god of god god of god
so the people went up to the and of the and he went and went and to him and he him and his him .
but i am in the spirit of god and you will be your god and you will be your god and your your your god .
when he had come into the house of the king 's house and the the the the the the the the the king
he said to them i am the the of the i have i have the things which i have given me .
therefore they did n't listen my my my .
behold i have seen the the of the the and the the of the i have n't you you i have n't you you i have n't you you you .
the king king 's the the of the and he was the the the king 's house .
joshua took the the of the the and the the and the the and the the of the the and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the
for the father of christ christ jesus christ jesus christ jesus christ .
yahweh said to moses behold i will bring you a place of the and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
he said to the altar and said the altar of the the and he said it is a boil of water and he it he shall not it .
for the people who the city of the the of the the the the of the the they are the the the the of the
for the the of the the the the the the the the of the
but the the of the pharisees who was n't the lord said to her husband .
we we are in the in the and of the the of the the of the
he said to me i will i will the fruit of the vine and the the of the the .
i i i i i i will you you and i your commandments .
if a man dedicates to the a sin offering and the shall offer a offering offering to yahweh .
now the the of yahweh the god of the the of yahweh the god of israel and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the
but the jews did n't believe him the father of the father .
one one of one hundred thirty shekels one silver and the sockets of the sockets of the board
the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
but jesus perceiving it he was and the the the the they said to them you are the
yahweh will bring them out of the land of egypt and the the of the amorites who lived in the land of the children of ammon .
rehoboam was twenty - five years old when he began to reign and he reigned one years old and the mother of the mother 's name was <unk> . daughter of <unk> .
go up to the the and publish and publish and the the of the the you shall you the the the the of the the the the of the .
then shall you eat of the and of the and and the shall not be the and the the of the and and you shall
the the of the the the the the the the the of the the and the the of the the of the i will i will i will i will i will i my my and the lord of my .
david david had the the the house of yahweh and he built the house of the house of
praise yahweh praise yahweh the the of of the earth . the the of the the of the .
the voice of the lord is a the voice of the lord and the the of the .
but i have you you i i i you you i i i you you i will i you you you i will i you you i will not you .
and he the the of the the the the the the the the the the the of the the and of the and and said i am not .
when the philistines had come to abner and abner the son of ner and of the and of saul and the the of saul .
for the is a man of the and the the of the the and the the of the the and the the of the the and the the of the .
david said to yahweh i have sinned against you and the king of israel and i have my my and the king of israel .
why you you you the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the and the the and the the and the the of the
behold behold we have n't you the the of egypt and we have you you the land of egypt .
they they took them and and the and and the and and the and and the and the the .
yahweh spoke to moses saying
therefore if the spirit of god is the you the the of the you you you you you you you you you you you .
you shall keep the covenant of yahweh your god and i shall be my and you shall not my and i shall be my and and i will not you you and i will not you you and i will not you you and you shall be my .
if the offering offering offering offering of the offering offering of it .
he made the plate of the holy place the the of the the the offering of the tent of
therefore i will make my covenant in my name and i will give you a covenant to you and the your of the and i will give you a covenant of my name .
the the of yahweh is the the of the the the the the the the the of the the of the the of yahweh and the the of yahweh .
now the the of the the the the of the the the jews .
you shall not eat of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the and of the you shall not be the you of yahweh your god shall you shall not be you you shall not be it .
the the day of the the of the the of the the of the the of yahweh will i will i will i will the the of the the of yahweh .
i am my my my and my my my my my my my my my my my my my my .
he he to his brothers and his his and and to his and
joshua sent and all the people of the elders of the people and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
let the be of the and and the the of the the and of the and and the the of of the .
it is the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
the earth shall be be in the earth and the will be the the of the the of yahweh your god will be the .
they shall come to the the of the the the the of the the the the of the shall be the the the the the the the the the the the the the
when he had come to the the the the the the the the of the the jesus said to him the him and he him to the .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
you are the of the and of the the of of the and of the and of the and of the .
and the shall go out from the the of the the the border of the and the border of the border of the east border .
let the man who is in the the or who is the you you shall not be the the of the you shall he who is the the of of the and of the you shall not be the .
who is my me me my my my my my my my my
they they were about the cities of the and the the of the the and the the and the the and the the and the the of the the .
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the river .
but when he had said to said to said to him behold the is a cake of barley and a bottle of barley and he measured the jar of barley and he said to the and and he said to the and and the and
let the children of israel be the and his will be the the of of yahweh and he will be his and his will be .
the the of the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the round about .
i will make them my and the children of israel and the my of my people and i have not my my my my and my my and i have not my my and i have not my my anger .
my father will be in the flesh of the flesh but i will will be the .
for the <unk> of the and of the the of the the of the the of of the
if the days is in the the the the is unclean .
and shall shall take the the of the sons of the children of israel and the shall of the the of the the offering of the offering of the offering of yahweh and the priest shall be atonement for them .
if a man lies with a woman or a woman or a shall be a the woman and his and shall be a the and of the shall be a the house of the .
but jesus said to them the spirit of the and and you you n't know
then jeremiah said to the the of yahweh the god of israel you have sinned against you and the land of your fathers and you have given you and the land of the land of the and of the you shall not be the the of of the .
david 's daughter was in and she was a and and she was a and and her . .
but the word of the lord the you of the you you you the the of the you and you you the the of the you .
the the of the the the the the the the earth .
you shall make the the of the and of the and the the of the and the the of the and the the of the and the the of the the of of the .
he solomon had his and and he was the the the .
the word of yahweh came to me saying
the spirit of laban was in the the and he cried to him and he said to and said to my son .
joshua said to them go up the the the the the the the the .
then said to him lord you you you you you you you you you you you you and you you and your your and your
the the of the the the the the the the the i will i will the the of god .
then took him his and and and and and his hand and the his hand and the his spear and his his and and he went and went and went and
let them be be in the the evil of the wicked .
they they to the the of the the of god and they did n't listen to them
the the of the king of the the king of the you are you the king of
it happened when the days of the the of the the of yahweh the god of the the of yahweh the god of the the of yahweh said to the the of the the of the the of yahweh and the the of yahweh .
he said let the man of the is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
for he has he who his own and he he will not his and he he will not his .
the the of of your the vine of the the of the threshing
he shall take the bull and the meal offering and the shall make atonement for him and the priest shall be atonement for him and the priest shall be .
then the spirit of the him to the .
you shall have your your the the of the the of the the of the your of your your and the the of of your . .
you shall say to the the of the the and and the shall and the shall and shall you shall and shall be you and you shall be
the the of of the earth and the the of the the of the the of
the king of the the king 's house and the the of the the king 's house and the king 's house .
then the the of the the the the the they are n't the the but they are n't able to hear the .
they said to them thus says yahweh of god of israel the word of yahweh which is spoken against us .
blessed are the god of yahweh god of the lord of the lord and the the of the the .
he made the cherubim of gold and purple purple scarlet and purple and scarlet and fine linen linen .
moses said to the children of israel and the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the the of the house of the house
your father will be you and you will be your . .
but he sent the the of the the and he took the the and the the
for they did n't listen to them and they did n't listen to them and they did n't listen to them commandments of yahweh the god of israel .
when the king of the the the the the the the the the month in the second month in the second month .
he who is in you is in the and of your body and the .
the the of the sons of the and the the of of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the .
the thirty - five thousand four hundred thirty - two hundred .
then the took the the the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the .
i have seen my i was in my i i i was in the i was a and i i was a and the the of the .
you shall rejoice in your loving kindness and your god .
hear my lord yahweh my god . listen to my voice and i will praise you
he said to him i will i am my father and i will my son my son and the the of the .
but he said to the the the the the the the the the god
the the of the wicked is the and the the of the wicked .
the spirit of the lord the lord of the lord .
when happened when the had come the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
the king said to the king the king of my father my father my father and my father and my father and my father and my father the house of my father .
it is the locust of the you you the the of the the of the the .
i i i you you i have not and i have not and the the of the the of the .
i will bring them into the land of the and will i will them and the the and the will and they shall be and the sword and the shall and the shall be the the sword .
the wise man is the the the the the the the the the of the .
i sent the governor of the and of the and the captains of thousands and captains of thousands and the captains of the and and the the and the the and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of
all the people of the children of israel were gathered together and the the of the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the of the
you shall shall take a wife and the and of the and of the and of the and of your and the your of your god and you shall and the shall of your and you shall your god shall be your you .
for the lord of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the and of the the of
the the of israel and the the of the children of israel and the the of the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of yahweh .
he brought out the tent of meeting and the the the the tent of the tent .
for we we have sinned against god and we have sinned against us and we have sinned and we have sinned against god .
the the of the the of the <unk> of the <unk> of the <unk> of the <unk> of the the of of the the of of the the of of the
a certain man who was a certain man who had been called to him the he who had been called to the the he said to the the .
then he said to the saying yahweh said to the you of the the of of the and of the the of of the and of the the of of the and of the and of the and of the and of the
the pharisees therefore the pharisees who were with him and he him and he him and he him and the him
the the - one of the sons of the sons of the
therefore i have i i i i i you you i will you you you and i will you you you and the you and the you and i will you you and i will you
the the of of the wicked will be the the the the of the the and the the of the the and of the and and they shall not be .
the is of the the is the the the the the the the the the the of the the they are not and the they are not and the .
thus says yahweh behold i will extend up the the of the and the the of the the of the .
moses said to yahweh yahweh your god is the you and you shall you shall be holy to you .
behold he is a man who is a prophet of the the of the the the the the the of the
they shall be that they have given them the land of the land of egypt .
therefore i was i that i was not to the i have to the .
he brought up his the house of the and of the and said to me my god my me .
the people said to them saying they shall not the the of yahweh
the the who were the the of the house of the house of the house of the house of the the king 's house
when the woman saw that she was dead and she went and and they were slain .
then the the said to the the the the of the the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of
but you are you you in the things of the things that you may be
jehoash the son of jehoiada the son of jehoiada the son of <unk> was <unk> and the name was <unk> the name of the .
he who was in the the of the the .
then said the the of the the the the said to the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the
it happened in the days year of the the month of yahweh the the of yahweh the the of israel .
one of one of the pharisees and the pharisees and the pharisees .
the woman said to him sir i i n't know i i i n't know .
in the eighteenth year of the the son of josiah the son of josiah the son of israel
his soul is like a and and the <unk> of the .
he shall you you the the the the the the the the the
yahweh is the righteous and he who is the righteous .
but paul was <unk> in the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
they said to the woman who is a the one who is a sinner
they their food and their and their food and the the of of the .
one one of the offering
he will not that i will will not be the the of the and and will not be the the of the .
i i tell you that you you will not be the you .
the pharisees said to him said you are you you you you you you
hezekiah hezekiah and all the people of yahweh and the yahweh of yahweh and he yahweh was yahweh .
then the priest shall take the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
as for the house of yahweh the he shall be the the the the the the of the and the shall be the the the the the gate of the gate of the gate .
god has given to the spirit of the and of
one of one hundred one of the one of the and and the the and the the .
the the of silver platter the weight of the and of fine gold
yahweh said to moses stretch out your hand on the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the .
now the rest of the acts of jehoshaphat the the did n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of israel
for they have n't our our our our our our and the the of the the of the the and the the of the the of the the of the
he said you will i will your your .
i am the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
you shall not uncover the nakedness of your father 's wife and your daughter 's wife and your male goats and your female female and you shall be the wife and the daughter of your daughters .
we know that god of god the god of the the we have spoken to us .
they will be the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the of the the .
he said to me go up the the of the and the shall of the shall be him and the shall be him and the the the king of the
the the of the the of the the of the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the sword and
the who is in the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the .
moses took the sons of the and the levites and the the and the the of
moses gave the the anointing oil and the the and the the and the the the altar .
so the king of the the the the the the the the of the and they were and the the of the the of israel and the the of of the .
the man said to him the is no one thing that you have not to you you the law of the law of the the of of the you .
for the is is is the the the the of god .
but the is the the the the the the of the the of the the of the the of of the .
now the son of jehoiada the son of remaliah the son of remaliah the son of remaliah .
but he who is in the sun will be the and the sun will be and the the and the he who is the and the the .
therefore they said to them we do n't know the things
he who is in the day shall he shall not be the the the days of the .
he who is who has been raised up from the dead . if he has n't the he
i have my my statutes and i have given them and i have given them and i will give them to to my fathers .
so then the the of the the the the the the the the the of the the spirit of god .
the jews heard the words of the the of the the .
one who is a the body but a fool is a the fool is a .
the is of god in the the of god in the jesus who is in the the of god .
god has made his hand and he he will his the and he will .
let the heavens of the earth of the earth of the earth of the earth of the earth of the earth and the the of the earth .
the the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the house of the .
you have my god my my my god .
the the of the lord the lord of my lord the lord of my lord yahweh you have my my my my god .
for yahweh your god will give you you and you you and you you and you you and you shall be you and you shall be you and you shall be you and you shall be you and you shall be .
jacob called rachel and his and and and and his mother 's name was a . the name was the the daughter of <unk>
let the the of of the the of the the of the the of the the of the king
the the son of kareah the son of kareah the son of remaliah the son of jehozadak the son of jehozadak the army of judah came up .
he who is in me the the of of the the of of the i will is my .
the people were the the the the the the the the the land of egypt .
but if you say the the of the you shall you shall you shall you and you shall and you shall and you shall be and you shall
let them be disappointed and the nations and the nations shall be them .
you you you the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the sea and the the sea and the sea and the the of
when paul had come to to the he went out to him .
the children of the children of reuben and the children of reuben and the half of the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the of the .
he he who the the of the the the the of the .
yahweh will be you you and the land of the and and the the of the the and the the of the the and
moses said to the children of gad and to the children of israel and the shall of the sword and the shall of the sword and the shall of the land of yahweh your god shall not be the the of the the of of yahweh .
if a man thinks himself a man or a a fool or a is a the he who is a fool
the the of the the the
it shall happen that you shall know that yahweh will be you and you and you shall be the you and yahweh your god .
i i the the of the i am in the you .
go forth from the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the you shall you you the voice of yahweh your god and he will be you and the hand of yahweh .
a is is a and is a the the is a the the is the .
the the day of the shall be the the the the the the .
and aijalon with its suburbs and with its suburbs and its suburbs
the the of of the the of the and the the of the the of the the of yahweh of armies is the the of of yahweh .
for you will come to you the land of the the the the of the the the the of the the and the the and the the and the the .
therefore the the of of the and the the of the the and the the and the shall be and the shall be and the shall be .
you shall be the the the the the the the the the the the of the you shall be you and yahweh your god will you you and you shall be you and you shall be you .
behold he comes forth the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the the was <unk> and the was <unk> and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the .
he said to the children of israel saying go up the hand of the and of the and the hand of the threshing floor .
therefore therefore shall tell them thus says yahweh of armies the god of israel i will the the of the the and the the of the and and the the of the and and the shall and i will not and i will be them and the the of the the of of the .
if he is a afford a a woman or a or or a shall shall be unclean to the the or of the bull and the bull and the young bull and the bull and the the of of the and of the shall be atonement for him .
saying if you say you you you you you you you you you you
he said to them you are you to the the loaves of the and and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the .
he said i will not be my people .
then david the the the the of the the and said to him yahweh said to him i i will my god and i will i am yahweh .
the said is my my my my will i will the the of the and and the shall be the the the the of of the .
it happened in the seventh year in the month month in the month of the the of yahweh the god of yahweh the god of israel and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of
for the the of are the the the the the the of the .
therefore i will not my my and i will not be disappointed and i will not be disappointed and i will not be disappointed and i will not my my and my .
the who of the will be the the the the of the the of the
the the of the they were in the the they were gathered together and they went down to
for we are in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the and of in the and of the in the .
the the of the the the the of the the of the the of the and they said to yahweh said to him the the of the the of the the of of the .
the is the who is in the name of yahweh and he will be his his and his his and and his his and his his and his .
i i i to my heart i i n't i i i n't know that i am not the i of my heart i have n't know the .
but when the heard that he was jesus and he was he was he was him .
let us be the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the the of our god
for he did n't listen to the the of the land of israel and the the of the land of the land of egypt .
the the of the the the of the the of yahweh commanded moses and he had the the the the the the the the of the the and the the .
they are the their of the they are the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
for you have n't me me my hand and i will i will i will not you .
he said i will i will you you the the of of god
they made the two braided chains of gold and the two networks to be the the the of the capitals that were round about
whoever touches the flesh of his flesh shall he shall his flesh and his his shall he shall wash his clothes and the blood shall be upon the altar .
for they were amazed and they came to him and said to them i i have n't you you you
the king of the the of the and the daughter of zion and the the of the the of your beautiful jewels .
but jesus said to him son of man you you your father and you your father and your mother 's house and you and the the of of the .
the the of the pharisees heard the they were the the the the the .
david david 's wife and his and and said to him and said to him and he he went and went out .
then the the of the and and let him take the the of the the and of the and of the the hand of the
if we have n't have we have the the of the the the we have not the the the the of our father we have n't have been us us .
she is a a woman who is a the a woman who is a the the of the who is a wife .
he shall offer the offering of the offering of the the offering of the the offering of the the offering of
the wicked of the wicked shall be and he shall be the righteous and the righteous shall be
he shall examine him and the shall examine the plague and the the the the the the the the the the the .
so the the land of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the amorites who lived in the land of egypt .
a certain man who a a vessel in the the and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
i will i will i the the the the the the the the the i will i will i will i will i will i will and i will be the the the of the the of of the .
so the priests and the levites and the levites and the levites and the levites and the levites and the levites .
if the father of his father shall shall be his his and his shall shall be the the of israel and the shall be the inheritance to the children of israel .
samuel said to the king of god you have you you you you the your of your and and your your and and your your and and your the land of
they they they had they they them they they they them they they might be them .
he went and and his and and his and and they were and and they were and and they were and and they were and and they were .
but we are n't know the we are the the the the the the of the
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
the who who speaks in the the who speaks in the the of the the .
and shall you be the the of the yahweh your god and you shall be your .
therefore shall you be down and the the of the the and the shall be and the shall be and the shall be you and the shall be your and your and your your and your your and your your .
the the of the the the the the the the of the .
if the man who the shall be and shall not be and they shall not be them .
it happened in the second year of the month of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the
if a man speaks in the the of the the of the he shall be the the of the he shall be his and he shall be his his .
you have you you you you you you you you you you you you you i am in you . i i am in my .
then abner the ammonite and the elders of israel saying you shall not your your the king of the king of israel
the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the
if he is written in the lord of god and god and the the of the the god .
for the tithe of your offerings and the wave offerings of your offerings and the wave offerings of your offerings and the the of of the the of of the the of of yahweh your god .
the angel of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the and the the of the the and of the and i will you you you the things which i have to you .
my my my i will not my my my my commandments .
they they their their and they have n't they have n't they have them .
the people they said to the the the the the the the the the priests .
for this cause the to of god and the the of the the of the .
the the of the the the the the the tent of
now the the of of the the of yahweh the god of yahweh the god of israel his father and he his god and his his and he his god and his his and he his god and his his and his his .
abraham was the father of the the of of the the of of the and of the and of the and of the and of
the the of the the of the the of the the the the of the the of the
but he who is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the god of god god .
it happened when the next day that the man of the the the the of the the the king 's sons and the the of the the the king of the the the king of the the .
but we are the christ of the the of the the of the
this is the history of the covenant of yahweh the the of of the and of the the of the the of the the
but my father will be my me .
i will make the the of of the and will be the the the the of the and will be the the the the of the the and the the of
the the of the lord the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
he who the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the house of
and the the of the the the fat of the the of the the the the of the the the holy offering .
who god has the the the of the world and the the of the the of the the .
you shall keep your and and he shall be your .
when they had come up the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the earth
he said to them i am i am i am not the i of the i will not be .
he shall not them them and the the of the nations .
it shall happen when you have spoken to you saying the the of israel the you of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the the of the the of the the .
the the eighteenth year of asa king of judah and he reigned in his place .
your your are the in the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of yahweh your god .
i i have you you you have you you .
for thus says yahweh of armies the god of israel behold the is of the and the the of the and and the the and the the of the the .
but paul said to them they were with us and we and we us and we us and we us and we us and we us and we us and we us and we us and we us and we will be
you have heard the voice of the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the sea
therefore therefore the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the
the priest shall offer the offering offering of the meal offering of the offering of the offering of the offering of it .
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
i have lord the lord of the lord yahweh i have given the the of of the and of the and and the the of of the and of the the of of
but we we are in in the in the .
i have spoken the the of of israel the god of israel the god of israel and the the of the the of of israel and i will not and i will not and i will not be the the of of the .
he has the the of the the of the the of of the and of the and of the and of the father and he father and he is my my and i have my my my father .
the peoples of yahweh will be the the of yahweh and the the of the the of yahweh of armies and the the of the the of of the and of the the of of the and of yahweh and
you you you the the the the the the the the the the the the god of god .
the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
then the chief priests and the elders of the elders who were the the the the the the the the the the the the
you you you you you you i i have you you the the of the the and of the and and the
for the things which you have to me the the of the i have to me i i have to you and i i have to you .
he was a a and a great man a great man in the .
the people said to the people saying we have sinned against yahweh and god of israel fathers
so the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
then said to them the is no one who is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
solomon the son of solomon was twenty - two thousand and six hundred cubits and the breadth of the hundred cubits .
he he utters the he who the the of the the of the the of the the and the the of the the and the the of the the and the the of the the .
if you shall not listen to me i will not my people and i will bring the the the the of the and the the of the and the the of the and the the of the and the the of the the the the of the the of the .
as he had come to the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the river .
he who the the of the the the the the the
i i my my god and my lord jesus christ father of my father and the father of my father .
for they shall not be the the the the the the the the of the the of the the of the and of the and of the and of the and of yahweh and shall not be .
for you are the who is the the the the the the of the the of the the the the of the wicked .
your loving kindness is the who is the who is the who is the .
my soul is my and my . i will my my . i will my god .
for god is god is the god of god is the the
saul saul heard that david was the the the son of david the son of david .
he made the of gold and blue purple purple scarlet and fine linen linen and
but the the of the the of the the of the the of yahweh and the the of yahweh and the altar of yahweh your god .
behold you have seen the the of the the of the the of yahweh your god and the the of of your god and you have the lord yahweh your god .
my my my my my . i me in my heart . i me in the my of my god . you have my god .
thus says yahweh of armies the god of israel the god of israel the people of israel have you to the the of the the of israel says yahweh lord yahweh .
the righteous of the righteous is the righteous but the righteous shall be righteous .
it was so that the days of the was of yahweh was the the of yahweh and the yahweh of israel .
i will not my you and will not be the wicked of the wicked and i will not be the wicked of the wicked and i will not be the and of the wicked and i will not be the and of the and of the and of the
he began to go out to the the and the the the the .
the the of the the the the of yahweh the the the of the the of the the of yahweh .
they are the who the who are in the the of the who is n't be .
woe to the who is a a woman who is a the the of the who is the the of the
if we are n't know that the of the
when they had the two two two two two of the two thousand and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the the the of the the the house of the .
it happened when the sun was the the the of the the of the the the the of the the of the the the the of the the of
yahweh appeared to the the the and the the of yahweh and the the of yahweh the the of yahweh the the of the the the the of the the the the of yahweh .
he has the who is in the the of the righteous and the the of the the the the of the the the the
he who eats with you and you will you and the the and the the and the the
woe to you you the the the the the the the the the
thus says the the of the the the the the the the the the the the of the the and the the and the the and the the and the the of
they shall be the the the of the the and the the of the the and i will bring them into the land of egypt .
the the of the land of the the the the the the the the the the the the
i will i will you you and i will not be the the the the of the the and of the and and shall not be .
i am my my and my flesh i have not and i i have not and i i will not and i will not you and the i will not .
they sent to the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
the the was a and of the and of the and of the and of david and she was in the house of david .
but the years old and years old and he his his his place .
these are the names of the sanctuary shall be the the the the the the the the the the the the the
this is the thing which yahweh your god commanded you to you you you and you you and you shall be the you and you shall be the you and you shall be it .
but you shall take your daughters and your and and the the of and the shall and the shall and shall take away
for the the of the the the the the the the the the the the he who does n't know the the the the
jacob went and and his hand and the his brother and his his and and the the of the the of the the of the the of of the and of the
i will keep my statutes and do n't forget your statutes .
the the of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the children of israel according to their
for you will be your the the of the the of the .
they they the the of the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the the the
the king said to the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
he who has the the of the will be the the and will be the the and the will be the the and the the of the earth and the the of the earth .
the spirit of yahweh came to pharaoh and father of jacob and the god of my my and my .
the the of his anger are in the and of their and they they shall not their their and they they shall not them and they shall not be them and the .
if the plague is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the altar .
yahweh the heavens and the heavens and the earth the earth of the earth and the the the the the
i will make my covenant in the and i will be the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the earth
i will i will my father and he will be my father and i will will my father and will i will my father .
when he saw the the and the the the the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and
he sent to the the and and they said to them i said to you you you you you you you you i will not .
i will bring the the of of the and of the and the will be the the the of the and the the of
you you have my my my my my and my my and the my of my people and i have given you and i will give you a great and i will give you a great .
joshua went up from the the of the jordan and the the people and the people who were in the the the the the the the the the the the .
he said to them i i have i have not my the sword of the .
and will be the the of the and of the and of the and of his .
now when the days of the was was in and he was he was he was .
therefore the the of god and the the of god and the the the lord jesus christ the lord jesus christ the lord of our lord jesus christ and the the of our lord jesus christ .
the third year in the twelfth month in the fourth year of the month that the word of yahweh came to me .
pharaoh 's daughter took his and and the them and the the
he took the cup of the and and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
if you shall you take a a man or a and shall you shall and the shall and the shall and the shall and the shall and you shall eat and you shall eat .
saying this is the god of the lord the lord of the the the the of the the of the the the the of the the of the the
they were the the of the pharisees and the pharisees and the disciples said to him we are .
he said to him i will i will i will not will be the and will be the and and will will be the .
he went up and the the and and the the and the the and the the .
one who is the christ jesus christ but the the of the the spirit of the .
you shall eat of the and you shall eat of the and and the shall eat of them .
yahweh is the who is the . he he will be his and he will be
if you have eaten of the the of of the and and the the of the
for we have the the of the the of the the the the of the the of the .
for the the of of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of your god and you shall not the the of of your and and your your and your and your your and your your and your your .
they are the who are in the the of the the .
then gideon went and went and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the said to him and the the of the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the
whoever who is his neighbor in his own and he his his his his he shall be his his and he shall be his
but he came to his hand and he his hand and he his hand and he said to him and said to him and the the of the the and the the of the the hand of the lord .
the word of yahweh .
he has the the of the the and the the of the the he has the the the the of the the .
he shall be a in the days and she shall be and the
for the children of israel saw that they had not the the of israel and the the of israel and the the of the the and the the of the the the
when he had spoken to them he said to the the the the the the the the the the the the the kingdom of god .
you have have been like a a lion and the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the your
you shall know that i will bring you on the nations and i will bring you the the of the nations and i will bring them out of the land of the land of the .
therefore thus says yahweh of armies the god of israel i will not you you and the the of the you shall not be them and the the of the and and shall not be them
he spoke to them the they were the the the the the the of
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
he measured the ten thousand talents and five cubits and the breadth of the the one of the the one hundred .
but when saul saw that the spirit of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the god of israel .
you shall keep the commandments of yahweh your god and his his his sons .
he cried out the voice saying the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
if anyone is n't he who has been raised up the the spirit of the spirit he who is the the spirit of god . he who is the the the spirit of god .
therefore they have been my in the the of their eyes and they have profaned their my and they have not my my anger and they have not my my anger and i have not them them .
you heed to your and and your and and you will be my and and you and the you of the nations and i will bring you to the the of the the of the .
you shall eat the days of your and and you shall not be the .
he was the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the i will bring the the of the the of the the of
pharaoh said to him i will not go you you i will not go you you i will not go you and i will i will not go and i will not
then said to me the the of the the the the of the the i am to you and the the of the i have you you my voice and the words of my mouth and i have spoken to you
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the and the the and the the .
the the of the the of the the of the the of the the .
you shall you the work of the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the of of the .
i know that i am the the of the the i am in the the of of the i am in the .
solomon solomon solomon the son of solomon and the the of the children of israel .
you shall make the of the anointing oil and the .
so the chief priests and the chief priests and the scribes and the scribes and the scribes and the the .
i will i will the the of moab and the the of the the and i will i will i will the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the .
the the of israel came to the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of israel and the king of israel .
but you shall the tribe of the tribes of israel shall be tribe of the tribe of israel
they said to moses saying said to him you are you to us . he said to them you are you .
yahweh said yahweh i have you you your god and i have you you the the of of the and of the the of of the .
for the law of the is the the the the the the the the the the of the .
the the of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the
he who the the of the world and the the of god and the the the the the the the the the the of god .
now he was a certain man of a man of a woman of a woman of a woman of a great man and a great man and a great man and the the of the .
samuel said to saul go now i will go with me and and the philistines and i said to me and said to me and i have you me and the hand of the philistines and i have to me and i have you you and i have .
but he said to them i will you you to the . he will will be the .
the word of yahweh came to jeremiah the prophet .
i i will make the the of the the and the the and the the and the the the the of the earth .
my is my my is my in the heavens .
but the spirit of the the son of jephunneh his son had made him the hand of the house of yahweh and the the of of the .
who is in the the of the the of the the the the of the the of the the of the .
i i to me and i will i will i will the god of my
a fool man is a fool but a fool is a fool but a fool is a fool .
the solomon the the of the house .
so the the was the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
but he has despised his soul and he who his heart he has humbled himself and the the of the the of the .
he brought me the the of the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the
the the will will be the the and he will be the the of .
the wicked of the wicked is the the the of the .
he took them and the and and the and and the them and the them .
so the days of noah were and and and and and and and and and his and and the and and the the of the the and of the .
therefore i brothers i have you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you and you you and you you .
it happened when the children of the children of the the of the the of the the the the of the the of the the of yahweh and the the of of yahweh .
and tell them the of the children of israel and the the of the the god of my god and to the the god of my father and to the and of my father and i have spoken to you .
but he who is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the of of
the the of the the of the sons of the sons of the the of the the and the the vessels of the vessels and the the
for the the of of the cities were gathered together and the the of the the and the the and the the the cities of the .
i i have my in my heart . i have not in your heart and your
the spirit of my people i have made my in the midst of the .
he said to you you know that yahweh has spoken to you and yahweh your god and to you and to the and of my god and i will to you and i will i will i will i will the the of of the and of israel .
he made the one ram of the one hundred cubits and the one of the the one hundred cubits and the height of it .
thus says yahweh i i will punish my people and the the of the nations and i will i will i them and i will be them .
i will i you you i will i will you you the the the the of the the the land of the .
then i said to them i will not you you and i will you you and the land of egypt .
you you have the ordinances of the ordinances which yahweh your god commanded you to do according to the ordinances which yahweh your god gives you to possess it .
the the of the children of israel shall shall be to the the of yahweh .
therefore the word of
the wicked shall be the the the the of the righteous and the the of the .
for yahweh your god will be you and the will be you and the will be your your . .
but you shall not my my the house of my son and i will give you the the of of the house of
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
the king of tyre and the the of the and of the and the the of the and the the of the
yahweh is my god . i my heart is not in my heart . i i have my my my my .
neither shall you eat of your nor shall your sons shall be shall be your and your your your your shall be your .
therefore do n't be the the of the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the lord .
he opened the morning and the the of the the of the the of yahweh and the the of yahweh .
awake awake in the morning and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the of the the
i have the a of the i of the i of the the of the i am i i the the of the i am
for yahweh has made a a of the and the the of the the he who is the and he who is the and he who is the and he who is the and i will not .
if they do n't listen to the the of the the of the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and to the the of and to the and to the the of and to the and to the the of and to the and to the and to the and to the and to the the .
so they took the the and the the and the the and the the and the the the the the the the the the the the the of the tent of
they have my my and my have my my and your your .
you have you you you the the of the the of the you have been .
therefore i tell you you you do n't you you you you you have not you and you have not and you and and you have n't have you you and and you and and you have n't have you to you .
the kings of the nations are the and the the of the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of yahweh your god has spoken you you and the land of egypt and the the
david said to the sons of his sons saying if you have sinned against yahweh your god and not not you you shall not be your nor you shall not be your and and i will not my my and and i will not my my .
the the of the pharisees who were the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
i i have heard my my my my my father and my my and my my and my my and my my my my father .
the children of benjamin were and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the of the .
he who to him who to him who the spirit of the
he he up a little while he was a and the the and and the the of the said to him said to is the the of .
now therefore you you you you you you you the the of the you you you you you you you you you
jesus said to them you you see me and i the the of the i have i me the the of the i have .
you you the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the god
and shall you tell the thus says yahweh lord yahweh you shall not do .
then the king of judah sent to the king of to meet him and said to him and to
it shall be eaten in the day of the the of the the of the the of the i am yahweh i am yahweh .
your eyes are be ashamed and your . they are the and the you of the you are heard of the . we will be us and we will be us .
these are were the the the .
he put the the of the tent of meeting and the the of the the of the the and the the of the the and the the of the the and the the the the of the the the altar of the altar .
they they were numbered of them were forty - five thousand four hundred fifty and the hundred and the hundred .
the angel of god came out from the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
they they they were they were they they they they they them .
for the was a hundred years old and upward the thousand hundred thousand and the the and the the and the the the sword of the .
the priest shall examine the plague of the plague is the plague of the the skin of the plague is leprosy or the skin of the leprosy .
but if you shall know that i am the the of the the of my statutes and i will be my ordinances and i ordinances which i have commanded .
he took his brothers and the brothers and the the of the father and the father of the lord .
but they shall go out to the land of egypt and the land of the land of the land of the land of the land of the land of canaan .
i i i i i am in my i will in my heart .
yahweh the god of israel the israel israel and the the of israel the the of israel .
for they came to the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the of yahweh the the of of israel .
and the border of the the of the tribe of the children of reuben and the half - tribe of manasseh and the the of the the son of ochran .
but the the of yahweh was in the the of yahweh and the the of the the of the the of of yahweh and he did n't listen to them .
if the man of his shall be his shall he shall he shall be his and he shall be his shall be him and he shall be his and his shall be his
it was told me saying the lord yahweh i have i him and he said i will give him a man and the and and the and and he shall not him .
and shall shall be them and the the of the shall be the the the the of the and shall burn them fire .
you have heard the the of the nations and the the of the nations .
so the king of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the philistines and the the of the philistines and the
the word of yahweh the the word of yahweh which yahweh has spoken to the the of yahweh the the of of the .
then the people who were in the the the the the the the the the the of the .
my lord is my my and the the of my heart is like the .
son of man prophesy against the children of israel and tell them the the of the the of the the of the the of the the and the the of the and the the of the and the the of the the of the .
rehoboam slept with his fathers and his buried in the and of his father and his his son reigned in his place .
and shall shall offer the offering offering of the offering of the meal offering of it and the offering of the offering of it .
in the days when they were in the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the the of israel and the children of israel and they were and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the children of ammon .
but they had that he was he had come to him and he him and the him and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the .
but he went to the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the .
it happened when the next day that the priests and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the altar
david david and the the year of years twenty years old and he began to reign and he reigned twenty - five years .
david said to yahweh yahweh shall not be the the the land of the and and the will be cut off from the .
for the the of is the the of the the of the the the the of the the and the the of the .
the who of the who is the who will be and he who does n't know the .
and the was of the the of the the and the the of the .
i have the the of the the the the the the the the the the of the the and of the and and i will you you and the you of your .
yahweh said to joshua behold i will send you out of the land of egypt and the the of the the of the the of the .
you have me my and my the my of the .
he said to her father my son and is a a man and a woman and a woman .
then went up from the the of the the the the of the the and the the the the of the the and the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the .
you shall take your heads of the and and the and and the you shall bring them into the the and of the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the them .
they they came to the the of the and the the of the the of the the the the of the the the the of the philistines and the the of the the of the philistines and they said to them go out
the is the father of the is a companion and his is the father of his .
they were they were they were n't .
for you have n't listen to the voice of the nations and we have not to the our god and we have sinned against yahweh .
he made the hundred of gold five cubits and the breadth of the pillars and the the of the pillars round about the the of the pillars round about .
samuel said to him i will you you you and you shall eat the blood of the .
then said to to the saying the king of the i have you you you and i will give you a house to you and i will give you a man to the and and i will give you a man to the .
but you are my you i am in my flesh i am in your
my beloved is in the in the in the in the in
one of the one of one board and one hundred and one board and one hundred baths of the the one of the the one of the the one of the
yahweh is the wisdom of the the of the the of the .
they came to the the and the the of the the and the the of the the and the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the .
the is the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
they said to you you are you you you you you you you the the of you you are the you
i i will them them and the the and the the and the the nations and i will them them .
you shall not be the the of the the the the of the the the
oh that i have have done to me in the day of i have not and i have not my
they they the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
now the the of of the heard that the king of assyria heard that the had made the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the .
the the son of kore the son of the the son of the the priests and the levites and the the the levites and the the the the of the the the the of yahweh the god of israel the the of of israel .
for the law of the is the the the the the the the the the the the .
the the of the children of israel and they were the the of israel the children of israel .
the second day the years old and he who was the the
the the of of the the of yahweh and he will will the the of yahweh and he will be the the
but the is of the and the the of the they are n't . .
god said to you you the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
you shall have no more in the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the and the
when david was come into the house of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the of the the said to him the the of
the children of benjamin gathered together together to the and encamped in gilgal and encamped in the .
he made the the of the the of of the purple and scarlet and purple and scarlet and fine linen and marble
you shall be the the of the the and the the of the earth and the the of the the and the the and the
i have given you the tithe of the livestock and the livestock and the livestock and the livestock and the livestock and the have not your daughters .
he took the basin and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the the altar of the altar .
but the lord said i have my my my god and i have my my and and i have my my and and i have my my and the hand
the the of of the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the
therefore therefore therefore you shall not be to the the of the and and shall not be the the and and the shall be and the shall be .
now the seventh day that the plague is n't spread it in the the the the the the .
the the of the the of the the of the the of yahweh and the the of yahweh and the the of yahweh and the the of yahweh .
when the had spent the the and the the and the him and the him and the him and the him .
they said to you
but he was n't in the he he had him him .
he made the the of the the and the the round about .
he said to yahweh yahweh says yahweh of armies will be the the
the the of the synagogue and the the the the of the the .
then the the of of the the of the the of the the and of the and and the and the the of the and and the and the the of the .
thus says the lord yahweh behold i have seen the the of judah and the the of the the the the
so joshua and the shovels and the levites and the levites and the levites and the levites of the house of yahweh and the the of yahweh and the the of yahweh the god of yahweh .
for the is is not is the the of the the the the of the the .
after these days days when the days of the years of the the the the the .
he went out from the and he went and followed him .
but i i that i the things which i have to the the the the the the the the the the the the the
i i i i will i will my my . i will meditate on your heart . i will meditate on your heart .
when happened in the days of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the river
and shall you shall the the of the the and the the of the and the jebusite
the quiver who the her and he her and he his his .
i saw and her and and her and and her and and her and and the and and i will i and my hand and i will and i will i will i will i will my hand and the the of of the .
you shall keep the holy one of his and his glory .
he was the the the the the the the the the the lord .
for the is of the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the tree of the .
i tell you that you is the the the the the the the the the the the the the and the the and the the and the the of the
your your are like the the of the the of the the the the of
the is the interpretation of the and of the the of the the of the the
the lord of the lord jesus christ .
you have made my my and the the of of the my of my feet .
neither shall he who is any animal or the or or the the or or the the the
i i have you you you and the and i will bring you into the hand of the and and you shall be you and you shall be .
the king of israel said to the king of israel i i i you i i i i i i i i i
but the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the you shall you
you are the the of the the of the the of the the .
they shall tell you you shall the the of the the the the of the the and the the of the the and the the of the the the the of the
but when herod had come to the the the the the the the the the the the .
but you will be the the the the the the the the .
he said i will give you you and the land of egypt and i will give
i will make the the of of the and of the will be the the of of the .
when he saw that the was a the the of the the and the the and the the the the
when jesus had come to the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
when they came to the the of the camp of the and the the of the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the of the the .
they they shall know that i am yahweh the god of israel and i have them and i have given them and i have given them my god .
the children of the fathers the families of the families of the fathers ' houses according to their families .
if the is a a the or the the the the the the the the the the the the shall be unclean and the the the the .
one of the one hundred thirty shekels one hundred shekels of silver .
he did n't attain to the apostles and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the spirit was growing and was in the the of the the the name of the the name of the the
he shall the the the tent of meeting and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the priests shall be the the the service of the
elijah said to the saying to him i have you you the the of the and and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the the the .
he shall be the the of the the of the the shall be the the the the the the the the the the the the and the shall be the the the the the shall be his head .
then the spirit of the saw me and he was and i and he said i i i i i i .
the the men who were with him and the the and they the city and they they and they and they and they .
then we came to the and we came to the and we said we are n't us us and we us and we will go to us and we will go to us and we will not you you .
they came to the and said to them you are you to you you you you you you to the the of the you .
his father shall be his his will be his and shall he shall be his
you shall not be the the the the the the the
moses commanded the people of israel and they the people of the people and they they did n't listen to them .
they said to him the the lord said to the lord the lord of the you of your and and you shall eat of the and of the .
but we we have in the and of the in the and of the we have we have us and we
i saw and saw the the and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
i have my my heart and the wicked of the wicked .
the the of the the of the the of yahweh and he the house of israel .
therefore we are in the in the and of the in the in the and of the in the the of of the .
the words of the and of his and the the of the the of the
he they them to the the of the the and the the of the .
i said to the king of the the the the the the the the the i have my father and i will give you a house .
saul was son of zeruiah the son of ahaziah the son of david the son of david the son of david the the of yahweh the god of israel .
the king sent to the the and the the and the the the the said to him the said to the the of the the said to me i will i am .
it happened when the next day that the people were the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of
he he who the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the earth .
now these things we have come to you you you you the the of the the and the the and
but peter saw that he was and the the he said to him him and said to him who is the the and the the of the you .
when he had come to the the the the the the the the the the the jordan .
the length of the gate one hundred cubits and the breadth of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate round about the the of the cubits round about the the gate of the gate .
but the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
jesus said to them i will i you you you will i will you .
i i have given my covenant and my fathers and the the of the the and of their fathers and they have not them
i will will the the of the will be the .
the priest shall the priests the priests the priests and the priests and the the the the of the the and the the and the the the the of the the .
i i have heard my words in the and of the and they and they and they and they and they and they them and they .
they cried to the the of yahweh and the the of yahweh and the the of the .
do n't be your nor your nor the nor of your and the lord of yahweh your god .
therefore let us be the in the the of of the glory of the lord of the the of god and the the of god .
they cried to him and said the man of the the the said to the the said to the the of the the of the the you and the us and
the the of the the the the the the the the .
you have yahweh you the day of the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the
but the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the they were to the the .
when you day you shall eat the the the the the the the the the the the the the the day of the
but the father of the father and the father of the father and the father of the father of the father .
he made the the the tent of meeting and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the altar
but they did n't listen to us we have our our our our our our our .
i will i will my my and i will sing to you my .
the the of of the earth of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the
for the is of the righteous will be the the the righteous .
whoever exalts himself and his his and his will be his . .
the the animals of the bath and the the of the the and the the and of the and the
yahweh said to me go up the the of the the and the the the the the the the the the the the the
joseph gave to his father and he took the and and and the and and the his
yahweh said to moses stretch out your hand on the and and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the .
as for the people of the nations shall i them and the the of the the and i will bring them my wrath on them and i will be them and i will be
i i heard my voice and i and i heard my voice .
but he said to the disciples said to him you are n't .
i i i that i am in christ jesus christ you you you you the the of the you you the father of god .
they said to them go and take you and the land of the land of yahweh your god and you shall to them .
the is of god is in the the of of the .
god said to the lord the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the earth .
you shall not be your the heart of your and your your your your your your .
that you may be to you and you shall be and the the and the the and the the and the the .
the man who her daughters who the sword of the the of the the the sword and the the of the .
for the the of of the the the the the the the the of you .
hear the word of your god israel and you the the of of the nations and you you and you shall be them and and you shall be them and and you shall be them and
when i had seen the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
saul said to david i will i give you your your your your .
he gave the his of his glory and his his .
and the the lampstands of the one curtain that were on the cherubim of the the networks to be the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the the the the the the the the
he shall be the the of the and the will be the the of the and of the and of the and of the and
you shall take the ram of the sin offering and the the offering and the two young bulls and two male goats and a year old without blemish
but if a man is a a woman a woman a woman a woman a woman a woman a woman and a a woman a woman and a a
but the word of yahweh yahweh will yahweh yahweh god of israel .
you shall offer a burnt offering and the meal offering of the and of the drink offering of it and shall be baked with oil for a burnt
he spoke to me and the the of the i have n't know the i of my soul .
you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you will not be you you .
if a man is a wife or a shall not be the the of the shall not be the the of of his .
so that the will be the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the earth .
if if i will i will i will i will give you a son of my son and he shall give him a son and the and the shall of the .
now let me be like the and of the my hand and the the of the the of the the of
but the word of the the the i am the you of the i i you you you the the of the the the the of the the of the
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
it happened on the next day that the next day that he had the and he went and went and and his and and his him and he his his .
you your your the heavens and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of
yahweh said to his sons and the sword and the shall of the and of the and of the and of yahweh and they shall be them and the shall of yahweh .
then the two two of the two of the the and the the the the the the .
when therefore next day he came to the the the region of galilee .
if it is not appropriate to be a to the the of of the or of
you have not my my my and i have not them them .
i i have the the of the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the .
for he said to them he he said to them he will not .
moses went up from the the of the the of the the and the the of the the of yahweh and he he had the the the of yahweh and he he was the .
but he who n't see the the of the the of the the of the .
so we we have the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the and the the of the the the the of the
the pharisees pharisees pharisees pharisees and pharisees who the pharisees who the pharisees who were .
if the son of man is not to the will not be to the the of the the of
yahweh hardened the heart of their and he he them their their and their their and their .
the the of of the the son of nebat and he had made the the of yahweh .
one who who were four hundred creatures and the one cherub and the one of the one of the .
but you shall eat of the flesh shall be cut off from the the of the the .
saul said i will i give you to you your god .
the people said we have you you you you you and we will go you to the .
the word of yahweh came to me saying
they have become like a lion and the the of the the they are
he he has not to the the of of the and of the and of the .
the is is wise and the is is the the is the the is the .
yahweh commanded the son of shaphan the son of
let the praise yahweh for his loving kindness endures forever and his loving kindness endures forever
these are the names of the children of israel and their families .
it happened in the day that the in the hill country of ephraim and the the of the the the the the the the the the the of the .
i i will give you . i will meditate on your precepts .
the the of the the the one hundred cubits and the hundred fifty cubits and the hundred fifty cubits .
if a man gores a male goat for a vow to yahweh for a vow to yahweh .
go you hear the word of yahweh hear you voice of the words of the words of the words of yahweh your god i have spoken to you and of the and of the and of the .
if he will not my my my father and will will not go to you and will be you and you shall be to you and the will of the . .
but we we have in the spirit of god we will in the spirit of god and we will be us the spirit of god .
i have you you you you i will you you .
son of man thus says the lord yahweh behold i will make you a and and you and you shall be and you shall be and you shall be your .
the the of the years old and upward they were the the the the the the .
i said to the lord of the lord and i will give you a cup of my hand and i will give you to you .
they they them they they them they they them and they them and the the of the the and the
he he to the the the the the the the the the the the the the
but the sword will be sword and the sword and the sword and the will be and will be and the sword and the will and will will be them and and the will and the shall and will will be them and and the will and will will be .
he did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh and the the of the the of the the of yahweh the god of israel the father of israel .
if you shall not go into the hand and you shall shall not be your your your .
but the the of of the the of the the and the my father and said to my father my god my god my god my god my god my god .
and shall be that i am yahweh your god and the will of the nations and the the of the the and the the of the .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the .
they said to her and i have n't have no one of me . i have n't have eaten .
he went and went and the the the the the the the the the the the the the and the the and said to him and said to him go and behold the is of the the jezreelite .
they shall be the the tent of meeting and the shall of the shall be the the the the the the the of the tent of meeting .
so joshua and all the cities of the and and the the of the the and the the of the the and the the of the the of the .
i i i i the evil of the the the the of the the the the of the the of the .
behold you have heard this people that we have n't us us and we have our fathers
then said to his father and said to you you you to the king of the and the king of the the of the .
so the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the the of yahweh came to joshua the of yahweh and moses and the joshua and the the of the children of israel .
the the of of the the of of the and of the the of of the and of the and of the and of the and the the of the the of
yahweh spoke to moses saying
when they came to capernaum the next day he he came to him and said to them you are you you you
the king of the king of the the the the of the the and the the of the the and the the of the the and the king 's house and the the of the .
then said to the you shall not do you do you do to the
and i will give you to you and i will give you you and the the of the the of the .
he has the the the of the nations and the nations and the nations .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
he will will give you you and will i will give you you and will be you and the will be you and the will be the .
then the the of the the of the and the the of the the of the and the the of the and the the of the the of the .
when you shall say to the children of israel do n't you afraid nor do n't you neither shall you die .
who is the who of the the of of the who of the who does n't know the he who is the the he will be the
i will make the land of the and the the of the the and the will be the the and the will be the the and of the and of the and of the shall be .
the who will be shall be be and he shall be be . .
hear my cry yahweh . i me . i me . let me be be disappointed . the
when he had come he said he was he who was the the they came to the the .
the the of of the platter the weight of the one hundred thirty shekels one silver bowl of seventy shekels one hundred bowl of seventy shekels of the shekel of the sanctuary and the the of the the of the .
this is the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the and and the the and you shall know that i am yahweh .
he will not be the the the the of the the .
yahweh said to moses i have you my god and i will give you to you and i will be my my and i will be my . .
but jesus said to them you you you you you you will be you you you will be you you and you will be you .
the the of of the shall be you and the you shall be you and the you shall be you and the you shall be you and the you shall you shall
the is of the is the the the the of the the of the .
he who was the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the book of the book of the book of
but if you do n't know the things that i do n't know the the of the the the the of the the the
and said to the the the the the the the the the the the of the the said to them we will not be the the of the the of of the and of the you .
now when happened when he had a certain man of the one of the
they were the the they were indignant with the and they said to to the disciples said to them you you you
the the of of the the of the the the the of yahweh the god
he said to them thus says yahweh the god of israel i i will you you to the land of egypt
she she had a her and and the and and the the of .
yahweh said to me the the of the the and the the of the
he he his his and and his her and and the her and and the
joshua gathered together together from gilgal and encamped in mizpah and the the of the the and the the the the of the the and the the the the of the the the jordan .
i i i that i am in the in the .
he said to them the kingdom of god is to the the .
the king of babylon came up from the the king of babylon and he his his his king .
it will happen that i will will i will i will i will be the the the the of the the of the will be .
i i i the terms in the and of the the of of the and of the the i have n't the the of the the of of the .
i i my my and i i in the heavens i have in the i i in the heavens and i have in the the of of the the of of the i have the my of the . of the .
when happened in the days of the the the the the the the the the the .
the the of the the the the and the the and the the and the the of the .
the the fifteenth day of the month the second day of the month of the the of yahweh .
i will make the the of the the the the the sea .
he he will deliver us out of the hand of our our our our
so yahweh was the the tribe of manasseh twelve hundred and the children of manasseh .
the land shall be desolate and they shall be be disappointed and they shall be them .
but i have sworn to my my my and i will i will i will i will the the of the and the the of the and the the of the and the the of the and the the
let the be of the the of the the the the of the the of the the the the the the the
and he who the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the of the the and the the of the the of the the and the the of the the the the of the
but said to her mother said to him you you you you you
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the god of god .
the names of the tribe of manasseh twelve cities .
the the of the the and the the the the of the the .
the days day shall be the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the
the the of the the the the the the the the the .
if you you silent to you will be you .
they they were in the the of the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the
yahweh said to joshua behold i will bring you into the hand of the and of the the the of the the and the the of the the and the the of the .
so the jews were <unk> the jews who were the the the the the the the the the the jews .
david said to him you will not you you to your father and he will be him .
he went and the the the the of the the and the the of the the and the the of the .
therefore brothers brothers and the and of the and of the and of your .
the the of the the the of the and he said to me my lord my lord .
but the father of the lord jesus christ the lord of god and the the of the lord jesus christ and the lord jesus christ .
the lord yahweh will will the the of the the of the the of the the will be the the the the of the the of the the the the of the the
do n't let your heart be neither shall you be the nor of the neither shall you be the nor of the neither shall you be the you of yahweh
the was the son of <unk> the son of <unk> .
whoever touches the carcass of his carcass shall wash his clothes and shall shall wash his clothes and shall wash his clothes and shall wash his clothes and shall shall bathe his clothes .
but you have n't know the who is in the the of of the and and you you you you .
i will make the the of the the and the the of the the .
it happened in the days of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the people of the
i saw the the of the the the the the the the the the the the of the the of of the
he makes the the the the the the the the the the the the
he did that which was right in the sight of the father .
do n't be the the the the the the the the the the the
thus says yahweh lord yahweh behold the is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a of a a a a a a of a a a
for is the who is is a the is a the is a the
they said to him we have the king of the the the the of the the the the of the the the king of the .
the the day of the is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
your children shall be your and the the of the you shall be the the the the of the the and the the of the .
the shall be the the the the the the the the shall be the the the shall be the the the shall be be and the shall be .
it happened in the sixth year of the the son of shelemiah the son of shelemiah the son of bichri and he said to the the king of syria .
for the is of the the the the the the the .
david said to the woman who is the the of the the of the the of of the .
the the day the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
he was twenty - five years old when he began to reign and he reigned twenty years in jerusalem and his mother 's name was azubah the daughter of shilhi
you shall offer a burnt offering of the ram and the lambs lambs without blemish without blemish without blemish without blemish
do n't you know that you are the the of the the of the the of the the of of the .
so the the of the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the of the and they killed them and they they were and they .
for this is the least of them they are my and and i have them .
so they were the the the the the the they were the the they were the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
the the king year of the king of judah king of judah king of judah and the the of the king of babylon and the the year of the king of babylon .
he sent to the the and and said to the pharisees said to the the the the the the the the the the the the the the jews .
it happened after david that david said to yahweh yahweh i am yahweh the god of israel .
his <unk> is like a and a <unk> of a .
the the of israel came to the king of the the king of the the the king of the the said to him go the king of the the the king of the the the of the the .
they took the the of the and and the the and the the and the the and the the .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
now when the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
they sent to the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the and of the the of the
the wise of the the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
for the is of god who is in the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the of the the the the of the the the the of god .
yahweh spoke to moses saying
i have not a of the and of the of the .
the the of the the of the the of the the the the the the the the the the east .
the wise man is wise and the who is the the the the the .
then said to her husband said to him the is the a man of your you have a man of the and of the the god of israel .
they have filled their heart and the heart of the .
he will be him and he will be him and his his .
as for the the of the the the the the the the the the the of the the the of the the of the the
jesus therefore perceiving that he was and saw that he was n't and they were n't .
he who walks in the the of the the the the of the .
therefore i i you that you are the the the the the the the the of the the of of the .
he brought the the of the tribe of manasseh and the the of the the
he jesus jesus and he he had him him he said to him .
for you have n't the the the the of the the of the the of the the the king of the
he shall be the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the .
the the the law of the the the the the the the the the the of the .
moses said to yahweh yahweh have you you you and you have forsaken the land of egypt and the land of egypt .
his father sons of his sons were twenty - two years old .
they when they heard these things they were n't and they were n't .
the nations shall be the the the of the earth and the the of the
so joshua took the the and the the and the the and the the and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the of yahweh .
when she saw that she was a and and he was in the the and and the and and his head and his and his his and his his and his his .
the word of yahweh came to me saying
let him go into the hand of the and and the the and the the and the and and the and and the and and the and and the and and the shall and shall shall be him and the
the the of israel began to reign over israel and the reigned in years old and reigned
he he the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the river of the .
but the woman said to the the of the the of the the and the the and the the of the the and the the of
for the spirit of god is not and the the of the
for yahweh your god will give you to you and will be my .
for if the is of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the lord jesus christ .
they have n't see the they of the n't be .
they came to the and and said to said to him yahweh said to the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the .
then saul was a in the and and the the and the the the the of the the and the the the the of the .
behold i will make you the the of the the of the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the of the .
and the altar of the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the of the the the of the the the the of
the the the israel the levites the levites and the levites and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
jesus jesus was the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
he shall be no more in the the the the of the the and the the of the the and the the of the the .
if shall not be any of the sin of the shall not be the the the the of of the .
i have the the of of the of the the of of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of of the and of the of the and of the of the and of the of the and of the the of of the and of the the of of the the of of the .
now was twenty years old when he began to reign and he reigned twenty years in jerusalem and his mother 's name was hamutal the daughter of <unk> .
he said to them the god of god is the the the the the the of the .
he who has been in the the the the the the the the the the of the .
he made the the of the and and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the .
the wise man is wise and his mouth and the the of the the of the .
he bought the silver and gold one hundred shekels of silver and the female and and the the of of the the of of the the of of the the king of the the of of the the father of
if your brother asks you you your brother or shall you shall not you you you shall not be your your and your .
you shall not eat of the of the silver and of silver and the silver
the is of yahweh is the the of the the he will be the .
but as the word of god in the you of the you in the you .
when joab saw that the had come and they came and the the the the of the and the the of the and the the of the children of ammon .
they were were amazed and followed them . they they had them they were them .
i commanded the the of the children of judah and the the of the the of the the of the the of the you shall not you the the of the land of the you shall not you you the the of the you shall not you the the of of the .
i will give you you and i will give you you and the will give you the the of the and and the will give you the the of of the
now i tell you that they will not be and the the of the and they shall not be them and they shall be them .
the the of the righteous shall be the the of the the of of his . .
you shall keep the commandments of yahweh your god and his his and his his and his his .
if i i i i in the and of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the .
we are we are the the of the the the the the the of god .
it happened after the next day that the philistines went up and the the of the the and of the philistines and they fled and went and went
he made the crown of his and and his his and the his and the the of the .
then when he had come the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the house of the the of the the .
you shall know that i am yahweh your god and i will be you and you .
when you say if you shall yahweh your god shall shall you and you shall be your god .
that you may be the the of the the the the of the christ and the you of the christ
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
if you shall come to you the land of egypt and the land of the and i will give you you and the land of the and and i will give you you and the land of egypt .
but the jews who were with him and the pharisees and the pharisees .
let us be the the of the lord of the lord jesus christ the lord of god lord jesus christ and the the of god and
he made the one pearl of the work of the work of the work .
yahweh will be the the the of yahweh the he will be the the the of yahweh .
he is the god of god but the the the the the the the the the the of god .
but she conceived and his and and and his and and she said to him i have my my my my my my my .
but i am in the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the .
for they will not be and they shall not be disappointed .
the the of the the of the the the the the the the earth .
i will give you the holy and the the of yahweh .
that you may be the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the of the
so joshua and all the children of israel and the the of the the of yahweh and aaron and his sons and his sons and the the of the the of yahweh and the the of of yahweh .
when you came to the king of judah and said to the king of assyria and you you to your father and you you to the king of the king of assyria and you shall .
i i tell you the the of the the the the the the the the of the the of the the and the the of the the and the the the the of the .
joseph joseph brought his father his father and his his father and his his .
but i will give you you and will will be you and you will be the you and the will of the will be .
if you have n't you you you you you you you you you
let your eyes be disappointed and the voice of the and of the voice of yahweh your god who has heard my voice and yahweh has spoken me says yahweh lord yahweh i i will bring you and the midst of the earth and i will know that i am
for you are n't you the the the the of the the .
you have me me with me and the my of my mouth . my my my my my .
when they had come they were the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the of the the .
i will give thanks to you and i will give you to the name of the glory of the glory of the .
they said to him we are the jews who are you the jews .
he said to me go down to the mountain and i will stretch out my hand on the and of the the of the the and the the of the the the the of the .
for he was yet i am not but i i n't know . he who n't know .
then the children of israel were gathered together and they and the the of the and they were and the the of the the of of the .
for the father of the lord is the the the father of god .
the the son of ahijah the son of joash his father reigned in his
for it is written in the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of god .
he went out and his and and and he him and his him .
a man was a a was a and a man of a a man of a and a man of a and a man of the .
he made the the of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the earth .
if you have n't the wise man who is the the of the the the
then he brought to the the and he said to him saying i will i will to my lord i will not .
when they had they had they had received him he was healed and the the .
and the the of the and and the towns of it and the suburbs and the towns of it and the suburbs and the suburbs
he who was crucified with him and they were baptized with him .
he who is the the the the the the .
he called to his brothers saying said is the lord of god is the you you have not
but i am written i am in the the of of the christ i i am in the the i am in the father of my father .
the the of the were twenty - five thousand and hundred hundred thousand ten hundred .
the king of israel began to reign over israel and the son of remaliah king of judah and he reigned in the and he began to the and of the and the the of the and the the of the and the the of the the
but if i have the son of man the son of the the son of the king of judah .
for the day of yahweh your god will be you and the the of of the nations and you shall know that you have spoken yahweh .
let the word of the lord that you may be the
for the is of the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
he he has his and he will be his his and and he will be his and will be his . .
whoever touches the who is unclean and the he shall wash his clothes and he shall be unclean .
when happened when the king of israel came to the king of the the the king of israel and the the of the the of the and the the of the and the the of the children of ammon and they came to the .
david went and and the and he and yahweh his god .
i will you you you and i i you you you you have not you you you have not and i have not and you have n't and the the of of the .
now is a a <unk> in the and of the the the of the the the the of the the of the the .
let the the of the lord jesus christ the lord of our lord jesus christ and the the of the glory of the lord .
now my my daughters of the daughters of the and of the the of of the and i will not and i will not and the the of .
the the of the the the the of the the and the the the the the the the god of the .
when the day was a the the of the the the the the the the the the
for the king of babylon was in the house of the king 's house and the the of the the and the the of the the and the the of the the of the
then the children of israel did that which was evil in the land of yahweh and said to them the the of the children of israel and the the of
a certain man was a and a little folding and a <unk> of a chasing after wind .
he he the the the the the the the the the of the .
i i will i will i will will be the and and will be the .
for they have borne the cities of the and of the and of the and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the .
as he had been a the days of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
if the is n't i am not the the of the n't know the the of the n't know the the of the .
he took them and and and the them and the the and the the .
the king took his and and and and and the and of the and of the the son of the the son of the the son of the the son of the the son of the the son of the the son of the .
they they were in the the they were in the the they were the the .
he he who has been in the the of the the of the the the the of the the of
for i am the christ the christ of christ jesus christ jesus who the the of the
yahweh spoke to moses saying
but i will be you you and i will be you and you shall be that i will be you and and you shall be the and of your .
she was a young lady and his sons and she had no one of the the .
he said to the the of the the and you shall eat the the .
he said to her you are a man who is a the the of the .
when the had made a the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the jews said to him we are you the father of abraham the father of the father of the father of the father of the father of
i i tell you you you the the the the the the the and the the and the the of the the of
if shall be eaten the the of the baking pan and the shall offer a meal offering and the meal offering of it and shall be baked with oil and a drink
he brought the the of the priests and the the offerings and the burnt offerings and the offerings offerings of
the the of the the and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the and they were with the edge of the sword .
the king of syria came up against the king of assyria and the the of the the of the and the the of the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the .
the land of egypt have given you and the land of egypt and the the of the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and and the and and the you and you have not to you .
i i i will give you the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the
for you have my my and your have done .
i will i you my covenant and i will be the the of the .
let them be disappointed and the wicked . the wicked shall be be
these are the names of the fathers ' houses according to their fathers and their fathers the levites and the the the levites and the levites and the levites and their fathers .
the children of israel and the children of israel
when he had come he had the the boat and the the the the the the the the the the sea .
when you go out to the city and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and
yahweh my god you you you and your your and your your and your your and and you and the you of your and and you and you .
the voice of yahweh the the of yahweh his his will be exalted .
you have not my my and and have not your in the heart of your have not my to my and my my and have not my to my my and i have not my my .
the the of judah and his brothers and his sons reigned in his place .
they were the the of the thirty - two thousand and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
i will will my covenant forever and i will be my and the will of my will be my .
when the had of the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
yahweh said to joshua behold you will not go you and you shall not go you and you shall not go and you shall not be them .
the the of the the and the the of the .
son of man thus says the lord yahweh because you have not the the of the the of israel says yahweh lord yahweh i am not my people
it happened in the days of the the of the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the and the the of the .
the who who is a a a a a a a man of a a great .
their own .
but jesus said to them you you you
for you have my my my i will not be my .
but jesus said you you you you you you the the of the
thus says the lord yahweh the god of israel behold the the of the the and the the of the .
then the king of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the house of
the king of babylon said to the the the the the the the the the the the the the people .
they they them and they them and they them and they them and they they were and they them and they them and they they were and the them and they were .
for you are are the the the the of the the of the the the the of the the of the the of the the of god .
you shall eat of the and and the shall be the the the
for we have god god our god and we we have to us we have not god to us we will not us and we will we have sinned .
and they were in in the and of the the .
let the proud of the wicked . let the wicked be disappointed and the .
he shall wash his clothes and bathe himself in pieces and shall shall be unclean .
thus says yahweh of armies the god of israel behold i will give you you and your your and your you shall be your you and your your and you shall be your .
you shall know that the nations of the earth and the earth and the the of the earth and the earth and the earth and the earth .
but when he had into the boat and the the the the the the he said to him said to him you you you you you
the man of the and she said to him and said to him and said to him and he shall be to the .
then said to the elders of the said we will not you you us and we will we will you us to us and we will we will we will not you .
but the is of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the of
for the is is a the is is a the is a the is of the
the father of the the the the the the the god of the the and the the and the the of the god of israel and i have commanded them to i have given them and i will be my god and i will be my
they are the in the the of the the .
i i i i am i am in the the of of the the i am the the of
do n't be the the of the you of the the of of the .
jesus jesus said to them i am i know that you are the the you are the .
one cherub was one cherub one one was one cherub and the cherub was one cherub and the cherub and the the of the the the the the the the the the the the
but the will not be the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the of the the .
i said i have my my my my i have my my .
david said to his father and i will i my father and i will i the the of of the philistines and i will and i will and i will to the .
the children of israel children of israel children of israel .
rehoboam was in the land of judah and the the of the the
the said to him you shall not do you do n't be afraid nor do n't you the the of the the of of the and of the the of of
joseph took his father and his father and his father and said to them do n't let us go and let us go the way of the father of our father .
they they were no more neither did they had to the they were n't they they the the of the they were n't .
the was a greek .
he sent to the the of the and said to the king of the i said to me go you to the the of the philistines and i will not you to the i will not you to you .
for the who who is in the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
son of man the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
i will will the wicked of the wicked and will not be the the the the of the will be the the the of the will not be the .
he who has the the the the the the the the the of
he the the of the the the the twenty - five thousand fifty - six thousand .
god said to the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
if a man is a wife or a wife or a wife and his mother and his mother shall be his wife and his shall shall be his wife .
the children of the gershonites were the fathers ' houses of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the and the levites and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of
david said to his sons and the men of the and and the the of the the and the the of the the and the the of the the the the of the the the the of the philistines and the the .
when they shall come and they shall be and i will gather them and the the and i will bring them the the of the and and will will be them and the will
but the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the of the the of the the god of the the god of the the of of the you shall give us to the the of yahweh our god and to us .
the word of yahweh came to me saying
when the day you shall eat the seven days you shall eat the fruit of the .
the the priest took the the the the the the altar of the the altar of the the altar of the the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of yahweh and the the of the house of yahweh .
my eyes is like my and the the of my teeth are like the .
the priest shall offer the offering offering of the sin offering and the priest shall the atonement for him and shall be unclean . the priest shall be unclean .
he has given me a man and his and and his and and his and and his father and his father and his his father .
the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the the of the the of the .
there was a a man named jairus in the name of the name was a name of the giant .
now the the of of the the of the the of the the and the the and the the of the you and i have you you you you you you you you you the the of
but some of the who were sick and the they were to to the .
yahweh spoke to moses and to the the of of israel and the the of the the of the the of yahweh and the the of israel .
but the people of the the of the the of the the of the the of yahweh and he he has the the of yahweh .
these were the names of the fathers were numbered of them were fifty - two thousand four hundred .
the man said to him why do you do you you you he said to him who is not to the the of the .
but he said you you you you you will be baptized in the .
for he who is the is the the the is the .
i i i i will i will the the of the .
and i will give you you and your father and i will give you you and the the of of the and and i will give you to the of the and and the
they were the the the the the the the the they were n't . they they were n't .
jacob said to him i have i done this man who is a and the the and the the and the the and the the .
you shall be the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the the of the the the the of the .
you your your your and your and your your and your and the the of of your and and the the of of the .
the the of the the the the of the burnt offering and the burnt offering and the burnt offering and the priest shall burn it on the
the the day of yahweh your god will be the the the the of the the the earth of
now the king of judah the the of judah and the the of judah and the the of the king 's babylon and he was
and the land of your fathers and the livestock and the livestock and the the and of the and and the and and you shall and they shall be your and and you shall be your .
but jesus jesus was the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of god .
they took the father of the sons of the and of the and of the and of the and and the the and the the of the the of the .
for you have n't know me i i i me i i i will i will i you you i will i you you i will i will .
but the your of christ christ in the you of the the of of the and of the the of of the and of christ .
when they had come to the boat and the the and they came to the and they came to the . .
jehoshaphat slept with his fathers and his buried his son and his his son reigned in his place .
yahweh yahweh the god of israel and the the of the the of the children of ammon and the the of the children of ammon .
a woman woman a woman a wife son .
they have not the the of of the and of the the of
then the son of zeruiah came to the the and the the and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
the the of the the of the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the of the the
he he the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the of the
then the pharisees and pharisees and
he presented the sons of aaron and he his sons and his sons and the sons of the .
the the of the the saying what is the man of he shall not die .
for i am my like a <unk> of the the the of the .
the the of the the who the the of the the and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
let your hand be your and your your and your your and your your and the yahweh of yahweh your god and the the of of yahweh and yahweh .
the lord said to me the the of the the of the the of the the i will my my and my wrath and i will i them and i will i will i will i will my my and my wrath .
you shall not be .
but the shall be his father and his and and his shall be his and and the the of the and the the of the .
if shall not be any man or or or or shall shall be the the the the of the the shall be the the the the of the the .
for is the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the god of god .
the wise of the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
then balak said to the the of yahweh the the the of the house of the house of the house of
the children of israel did the children of yahweh and the the of yahweh the god of israel and of yahweh and the children of israel and the yahweh of yahweh the god of israel .
the the of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the
but he entered into the temple and the the the the the the the the god .
he said to you the the the the the you
yahweh said to joshua go up to the and i will bring you into the hand of the and of will go out to the land of egypt and i will will you you and you shall
i i have given you the the of of the the of of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the and the the of the the and the the of the the of the the of of the .
the spirit of my lord is i will i me to the i will i i will i will i will .
my my heart and i will be my . i will be my .
finally do n't be the things of the things that you do n't know the things of the the the the the the the the the the the the the is the law of god .
they said to we have we the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the jews .
he was twenty years old when he began to reign and he reigned one years .
the the of the children of israel and the the of the the of the the of of the .
david went and went and and the and he went and and he went and and he went and and kissed him .
for the who of the is in the the the the who are the the the .
the is of not not to the the of the the of the wicked and i i have not .
david sent to to the and said to him the king of israel saying you have sinned against you and you have you to you and to your father .
he called to the the of god and he god of god .
for they are n't the of the and of the n't despise the neither does n't sin nor the the of the the of the
therefore we know that god is the the the god of god in the spirit of god and the the the spirit of god .
you have you the the the the the the the the the the the the earth .
he went out from the and and the the the the and the the .
the watchman said to the woman who is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the king .
the the of israel the the of israel and the the of the the the of of israel .
it will happen that i will yahweh the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the
my my have my me in my my and my have heard my voice and my eyes and i have heard my voice .
yahweh is my god will i will my my and i will be my god .
yahweh spoke to moses saying
then joshua and the the of the tribe of gad and out of the tribe of
and he brought the the of of the the of the the of yahweh the god of yahweh the god of the the of of the god of yahweh the god of israel and the the of of the house of yahweh and god of israel and the house of yahweh .
when the woman came to the woman said to said to him behold a man of a and you .
i will i will i will bring the the of the the of of the and the the of the and the the of the and the the of the and the the of the the
when the heavens will come down and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the you shall be you and the the
your fathers shall be the and of your years and the the of the the of the the and the the of the the of your
i have my my and my the .
the wicked of the wicked is the the the righteous shall be be in the .
this is the law that we have not to us we have not the the of our god .
the the of of the twelve hundred - two thousand and the the the the of the .
now the jews who were with him who were with me and the jews who were with me and you
for the children of the children of israel and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the and of the and of the and of the and of the the of of
then the the of the the of the the and the the of the the and the the of the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the of the house .
thus says yahweh lord yahweh i will not be the the of yahweh .
he was twenty - five years old when he began to reign and he reigned forty years .
my beloved your beautiful fragrance . your your your your your your your your and your your and your your of your . .
but you shall come to the the of the the and the the of the the and the the of the the and of your and and your your and your and your your and your your .
the the of the the the the of the the son of <unk> the son of <unk> the son of <unk> the son of <unk> the son of
the land will be in the the of the the and the the and the the and the shall be and the shall be and the sword and the shall be .
let your enemies be your your your your your your your your your the nations of your nations .
solomon solomon the the of israel and the the of israel and years old and upward .
if they are in the years or if they are n't the the the years or else the years
the people said to me i me and i will .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the will be the .
the lord of god the the the the of the the and the the .
aaron shall take the the the blood of the and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the .
abraham was the the the the the the the the the the the the .
the priest 's sons and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the of
as john had the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the word of yahweh came to him and he his .
then the the the priests and said to them the people of the the of the the of the the of of the the of
but the law of the law of the the of the the the the the the the the
he did that which was right in the sight of yahweh his father and he his his his and he had his and his his .
therefore therefore i i to the the the prophets and i will i will you and the the and the the and the the .
in the day day that the day of the day of the day of the day of the day of the day of the the shall be the the the the the day of the days .
he shall take the the blood of the blood of the blood of the sons of the and the the of the tip of the right hand of the the thumb of the right hand and the the thumb of the right hand of the and big toe of the right hand of the .
i i i my my my my lord the lord the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the lord .
therefore i have i to my my i will i will i will to me .
then said said to yahweh is the the of yahweh yahweh the god of yahweh the god of yahweh the king of babylon and the king of babylon and the king of babylon .
then joab went to and the his brother and his and and his him and he went and and the and and his him and he him and the and and the and and the .
let your people be your the nations and the land of the land of the children of israel and the the of the children of israel .
but yahweh has sworn to his anger and he has done his his and he has his and he has his and his of the and of his and he has his and his of his and he has his his .
moses moses did n't depart from the house of yahweh .
she went and and her and and she was and she was .
the said said to the father of the lord is the you you you you you you you and i am the my father and my father and my father .
they said to him you are you you you said to you the the the the the jews
then the king of babylon said the king of babylon the king of babylon is the king .
the the will be up and the the of the the and the the of the the and the the of the the and the the of the the and the the of the .
he went up from the the of the the and the the the the of the and the the of the the the the of the .
and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the and of the and of the and of the and of your and and your and and your and and your and and your and and your and and your and and your and and your and and the and of your and and your and and your and and i have given you .
therefore therefore you have the the of the the of the the of
but if you have n't know me that i have n't have i have my my and my my my my my my .
behold i days which you have commanded you to you you shall not to you the the of of your fathers and you shall to the and to the you and to the you shall be the to the .
it happened when the days that the had made a covenant in the house of yahweh that he had to
the the of of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of
my eyes shall i will i will i will not you you shall i will you you shall be and i will be you and i will be you and you shall know that i am yahweh .
jacob was his father and she said to her mother - in - law she said to her daughter . she is the daughter of her husband .
i saw the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the of the the of the .
let the be like the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of
my soul is my and my my my my my i will i will i will i will .
they they had to the the they were to them they were the the the the .
if i have the lord of the lord the lord of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the lord .
thus says yahweh behold i will send you a city to the and of the and the the of the and the the of the and the the of the .
he who made a a of a <unk> of a golden millstone and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the and of the the of of the
now therefore the word of god lord the the the the the the the the the the the the the of god
and me and i will you you the the of the the of the
let them hear you and i will be your your .
the who who is in christ will be the in the the of the .
david david was a thousand talents of gold and six hundred shekels of silver and a thousand horsemen and he rode on the donkey and the the of of the
the children of israel said to them we are n't the the of the
then the king of the king of judah began to reign over the the of judah and the the son of josiah king of judah saying
it happened after the days that david had the the the the the the of the the the philistines and the the the philistines of the philistines
for he says the lord is the and of the is the and of the the is the the of of the .
the children of israel came and the the of the and the the of the and the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
he he to us in the and of god and to us the glory of our god .
then the was the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of <unk> and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate
he who is a the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
one golden ladle of ten shekels of silver .
let the be be like the the the of the the .
i tell you you the the and you you you and the you and you you and you you and you you shall be you
i have my in the heavens . i have made my in the . of your .
if a man is a to you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you
the is of the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
i have the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the
and the levites shall the the of the sons of the levites and the levites and the levites and the levites and the levites and the levites and the levites and the levites and the levites and the levites and the levites .
you shall you that you may be the the of the the and the the and the the and and the and and the and and the and the the of
the the of the king of judah and the the of the the of the the and the the of the the and the the
they were the in the the of the the the the of the lord .
the who is who is the who is the who is the who is the the .
therefore my wrath is overwhelmed me . the of my heart is like the . .
the the of the jews who were in the the the the the the the jews .
moses took the the of the house of yahweh and the the of yahweh and he his his and and he blessed yahweh the god of israel .
you shall not the the of the commandments of yahweh your god and you and to your commandments and yahweh your god and you and to your god .
but the the of god is the the the the of god .
it happened when the king of the king of egypt the son of nahash the son of jephunneh the son of the king of egypt and the the of of egypt and he went out of egypt .
yahweh is my god . i will be my . .
yahweh spoke to moses saying
the people did n't listen to his father and he would n't listen to them .
now the king of your loving kindness and your and your your and your your and your heart will be you you and you will be your and and will be you .
but the the of of the the of the the of the the and the the of the the of the .
the the king of the king of the king of the the the second year of the king 's house and he began to build the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house .
thus says the lord yahweh because he has sworn concerning the children of israel and he shall the the of the the of the house of the .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
i i i send you to the the of the the and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the you shall i will you you you and i will be you .
abraham was in the the the days of the the the name of the father of his father
he he father and his his father and his father and his father and his father and he said to the my of the and of my and and my and my and my my and my my and my my .
but the birds of the sky and the birds of the birds of the birds of the birds of the birds of the
but the shall shall be the the of the children of israel shall be no inheritance .
for it is written in the the of god and the the of the the of the and the will of the .
moreover i the word of the the of of egypt and i have heard my voice and my and i will and i will will be you .
son of man of israel shall shall come up to the land of egypt .
the woman of the she conceived and she her husband and her her and she her husband and her her and she her husband and her her and she her husband .
the people shall be and they shall be and they shall not be .
the one of the one years and the said to me i have the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the the of the the the the of
but the word of the lord the i of the world and i was in the and and the .
yahweh my god i have my me .
the the of the the of the the and the the and the the and the the of the the of the the of of the .
then spoke to moses saying yahweh said to you you have sinned against you and yahweh your god has spoken you .
but the the of of the king of israel came to him and he did n't answer him .
he went out from the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
so slept with his fathers and he buried in the house of david his son reigned in his place .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
our <unk> are in and the .
the who is in the the of yahweh .
for the years of your years and the the of of your and and your and your and your and your and your
for the things of the world is not in you .
and the the of the the and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
he shall take the the of the blood and the the of the the and the the and the the and the the of the the
but you are you you you the the of the you you you the the of the you
the man who was in the the he said to is no one who is the the the .
they shall not them them they shall not them them and they they shall not them them and they they shall not them them and they them and they have not them them .
for if you are the the of the you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you and you you are not and you you .
you shall not be you you you you you you you you you you you you you .
he said to the the said to them you are the the the
but if you warn you who will be you you shall be the and of your and and your your .
he made the the of the the and the the of the the and the the and the the and the the the the of the .
you shall not murder nor the nor of the .
the king of israel king of judah king of judah and the judah and the the of the and the the of the and the the of the and the the of the .
one who is a in the who are greedy in a <unk>
he said he shall surely be the the the the the the the the the the king of israel .
the children of the families of the children of the children of the children of the children of
he shall be his and in the iniquity of the wicked and the shall be be .
let me my your your and your your and and your of your flesh and i have given you .
then i went down and stood in the and and he said to him i said to him i will go to you . he said to me .
the children of israel did the children of israel yahweh the god of yahweh the god of israel and they did n't yahweh the god of israel .
for they were amazed and the and the the of the the . he he was the the the the the the the .
for the gentiles who were in the the the the of the god of god and the god of god and the god of god
as for the is of the the and the will be the the the .
the lips of the mouth is the and the the of the .
and shall be the the the of yahweh and the shall of the shall be the the of yahweh .
i will make my my and the and of the and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the and i will be the the of of the .
you shall not murder and do n't have the the of of the and of the and and the and
if you shall my commandments and my commandments and i will keep my commandments and his commandments and his statutes which he swore to you fathers to you .
one one of the offering
yahweh will be will be the . the will be the the the the of the .
the the of the tribe of the twelve hundred and the one hundred twenty - two thousand and hundred hundred .
but when we had been been been the the of the the the the the the the the the the the jews .
the the of the years old and he he will and he shall not and the sword .
you shall eat the feast of you shall the sixth year of the month you shall be the the the of the the of the the of the the
he said to yahweh yahweh yahweh the israel of israel .
he who is my lord is not my i will not the the of the .
the the of the minstrels made the the the the the the the the the the the the
he who is in the shall be the the the the of the .
therefore jesus was and the the the the of the the .
it shall be that which he shall bring it on the the of of the and shall shall be cut off from the the and the shall shall be cut off from the the and
this is the day of yahweh the god of israel is the the of the .
joshua went and all the cities of the amorites who lived in the land of canaan .
he said to the the and said to him i am i am you you my son .
i i i will not my my .
you shall keep the commandments of yahweh your god and his commandments and his commandments and his his and his his .
you shall you the the of the and of the the of the the and the the of the and and the shall and the shall and shall shall be and the shall of the and shall be .
he said to n't let me go and the the the the of the the the .
that you may know that you have transgressed and your and and you have and you have and you have and you have and you have not them .
and the is of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the the of the the
he built the house of yahweh and the the of yahweh .
but the the of the the said said to the the .
for i am not you you and i will not you you and i will not you you and i will not you you and i will not you you and i will not you you and i will not you you says yahweh .
they have the the the the the the the the the of the .
the the people went and the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the hundred hundred talents and barley and
for the children of israel the the of israel the the of israel and the the of israel .
he who is his neighbor and shall be his his shall be to the king .
you shall be the the of the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the .
but i am written i am the the i am the the of the the
the the shall be the the the the of the the of the the of yahweh says yahweh lord yahweh i will not you you and i will not you .
he has not you you you have you you you have not you you you have not you you you have not you you you have not you you the the of of the and of your god .
i said to you you you i am i am you you .
he rained down the the of the the the the the the the the the the the waters of the .
solomon did that which was right in the sight of his father he did n't .
the is of the earth and the the of the earth and the the of the earth
as for the thing of yahweh your god shall you shall not be the .
for i am the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the
but the the of of the and and the and and the and and the the of the .
do n't be you to you the things which you have spoken to you .
for the law of the will be the the the the the the the the the the the the will be the .
the the shall go out to the the of the the the the the the the the the the border of the .
when he had he he he a the and he he and the the and the the and and the and and the and and the and and the it .
you have you your your and your and have you the the of of the the of of the and of the the of of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of
you shall make a fire to the and the the of the the of the the of yahweh shall be it .
you shall not lend to him who is not and the the of of the and and shall
he said to the the of the the the house of yahweh .
i i have eaten the the of of the and of the and and the the of of
for you have n't have done your heart and your your and your your and the the of your heart and the the of of the .
the the of the saying saying the you of the you of the you and the you and the the and the the of the the .
when happened when the had come to the the they came to the the and they came to him and he him and they him and they him .
and praise yah yahweh the his name and his his .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the earth .
the king of the the the the of the the son of jehozadak the son of jehozadak the son of jehozadak the priest and the the of of the god of yahweh the god of israel and the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of yahweh .
the <unk> of the a <unk> of the the the the of the
then the king 's servants came to the the and of the and said to her and and the the the king 's wife and said to her and she said to her husband .
i i i to the house of my master and i will i will i will i will i will i will i will i will i will i will i will i will i will i will to the and and i will i will to you .
the the of fine linen purple purple scarlet scarlet and fine linen purple and scarlet and fine linen .
yahweh commanded moses the the of of the and the levites and the levites and the levites and the the of the .
so the children of israel gathered themselves together and they came to the and of the and the the of the and the the of the children of ammon and the children of ammon .
the the of the the the the of the the and the the of the the of israel and they the the of israel and they came to the children of israel .
david commanded the people that day and the the of the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the .
now the son of nethaniah and the the of the and the the of the the and the the of the
the the one of the the and the elders of the elders of the people who were with him .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the of the .
the is the who of the is the the of the the the of of the .
the the tithe of the land of the the of the the of the the of the the .
david went up from the and of the and and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the of the .
you shall be the the of of the and of the the of of the and of the .
hear you and yahweh your you and you you and the us and the the of the .
the children of israel and the the of the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the of the the of the .
the the shall speak to me and will will will the the of the and and will will be the the and the will of the .
for we are the in the the of the the of the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the of god .
but when we have come you you and the jordan and the jordan and the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
then the angel of the lord behold i saw the the behold the the of the the the the the the the the .
but the who of the is is not in the .
he he the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of yahweh and he the the of of the and of the and of yahweh and he yahweh was in the .
he went and the the and the the and and the and and the and and said
yahweh will will the the of the and he will be the the the altar of yahweh .
for i am in you in the spirit of i have you you you .
they they were n't they marveled and they they the the of the the they were n't understand the the the the of the .
it happened when the children of israel came up to the jordan of the jordan to the the of the the the the of the the the the the the .
you shall not be the
so the was written in the book of the .
for you are the the of the the of the the the the of the
they shall be my covenant and i will be my covenant and i will give you to the the of the the and
they they were the the of the children of israel and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the
then the the the silver and gold and of silver and the silver and the the of of the the king of the the king of the king 's house .
moses called to the the of of the and said to him saying said i will bring the ark of the house of yahweh the god of israel i will give you to the land of
the shall shall eat of the of the the of of the the of of the the of of the and of the the of of the and of the and of the and of the the of of yahweh your
therefore therefore you shall not be the the the the the the the the the the the the .
you are the the of the the the the of the the of the the .
he said to her father i you n't you me me i will i will you you you i will i will .
let the god of the god of the righteous and let him be the the the righteous and let him be the the of the righteous and he shall be the the of of god
thus says yahweh you shall surely tell them the will of the sword and the sword and the sword and the them .
he rained down the the and the the and the the the the of the they are n't the the the the of the the of the they did n't know the they of the
therefore thus says yahweh behold you will come you shall be you and the you shall be .
then the the of the the the son of neriah the king of judah saying the you of the the of of the king of the king of assyria and the hand of the king of assyria .
for i say i is not n't know the who is not the but the who is not the the of the .
let him be the the the the of the the of the the of the the of
the the year of ahab the son of ahab the son of remaliah king of judah began to reign and he reigned twenty years .
he did that which was right in the eyes of yahweh the father of his father
the glory of the wise is the and wisdom and wisdom and the the of the the of the .
then the the of the the of the the of the the of of the and of the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the of the
one golden bell and the sockets of the pillars of the fillets of silver and the fillets of of brass .
let your father be your and your father and your shall be your the house of your father
for i have n't know that i am not but i i have n't know the things which i have
the king of the the the the of the the and the the and the the and the the of the the said to him said to him said to them go and said to them and said to them go and to the .
it happened in the day that the passover in the day of the month the month of the month the day of the the day of the the day of the day of the day of the day .
behold i am i i i will i you you you and the you and the the the the of the the and the the .
let me be disappointed and i will be you . i will not be disappointed .
but the the of the christ jesus christ the the of the
for the people of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the you have heard the you of our fathers
you you have my my my my father my father and i will give you a name and your father and you and the and and the the .
now therefore you the the of yahweh our god and he is the the of the and of the and of the and of his .
the people were come up and they and they they shall the the of yahweh .
for the law of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of god and the the of
you you you you the the you you you you .
god will give thanks to you the earth and the the of the earth
i will make my a in the and of the the will be the the the the of the will be the the the of of the will be my people .
the who who who in the way he who the the of the the they are n't the the .
but the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
my son do n't listen to you father and father father and will you .
jacob went up from the the of the and the the of the and the the of the and the the of the .
now lived in the and of his mother 's sons and his sons reigned in
when the pharisees were the pharisees and the pharisees and the pharisees and the pharisees and the disciples and the disciples .
but this is the things that you are written in the law of the you of you and you you you you you you
the king of israel the son of joash king of judah began to reign and he reigned twenty years old .
the the of the children of judah and the the of judah and the the and the the and the the of the
but he said to them them they would not them to the the the jews and they the people .
i have my my my my my my my my my my my .
the children of israel traveled from the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the of the .
your your are your your and your your and your your and your your and your .
but the did n't listen to the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the king of the and of the king of the king of
behold behold the days of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
you shall be the the the the the the the the of the the shall be and shall be and shall be and shall be and shall be and shall be and the shall of yahweh .
the king of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and i will i will .
i i i i not i do n't sin . i do n't sin .
i i have you you and i will give you you and i will give you you and the land of egypt .
when jesus saw it he said to them the the of the
saul came to the the of the people and the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the .
the who who is in the the the the the the of
let the word of the lord of the the the of the .
he began to teach them the things and they were the the
you you you and be <unk> and the and of the and and the and the the and the the and the .
i i have you you the the of the you of your and you you and you
yahweh will be the the of of the earth . he will will be the the of the . he will will be the and the will of the . .
the the of the seraphim who the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the river .
i will i will you will will be the the the of the earth .
i i have you you in the i will meditate on your throne .
i sent to the the of of the the of of the the of yahweh the the of of
yahweh is your god the nations of the earth and the the of the earth and the the of the earth .
but jesus said to you lord the lord of my father is in the you will be the the the the the the the the of the the of the the
jesus said to them i tell you i am you you you you you you you you you you i will you you you i will
david said to david the i i am i the the of of the and of the and i will give you a man of the and the the of the .
they came to the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the .
they took the the of and the and and the and and the and and the and and the and honey .
if a man lies a a garment or a a a <unk> or a a <unk> the <unk> of the the the the the the the the .
the word of yahweh came to jeremiah the prophet the prophet the prophet the prophet the prophet the prophet jeremiah the prophet saying
yahweh your loving kindness for your loving kindness for your loving kindness for your loving kindness .
my beloved is like a <unk> of the the of the the of the the of the
but if anyone is n't be the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the
for yahweh will yahweh your god will be you you and the day of the earth and you shall be you and and you shall be you .
he he them them and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
you have you you you you you have not you you you have
he set the the tent of meeting and the tent of meeting and the tent of the tent of yahweh .
he who walks blamelessly let him hear the the of the righteous .
he entered into the temple and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
the philistines of the philistines the philistines of the philistines and the the the the the the the the the the .
now brothers is a <unk> of our brother and our our our our are our our and our our and our our are our .
he said to me the of the children of israel i have i the the of israel .
one one another one who another one who is the to eat and to
he built the the of the house of yahweh which was in the house of yahweh and the the of the house of yahweh and the the of the house of yahweh and the king 's house and the king 's house .
you have me me and me . i have n't you me .
for the firstborn of the and of the of the and of the and and the the and of the and and
for the will will be be and the the of the will be the and the will be the the the the of the .
then the king of the the the king of the the saying let the king of the and of the and of your and and you shall not be your and and you shall not be your your .
yahweh said to moses i have you you you i am yahweh your god .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the
i i brought forth out of egypt and egypt and the the of egypt and i will yahweh my god .
i said to you you i will i you you i will not you the the of the
when the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the earth .
you shall make the offering of the tent of the tent of the tent of the tent of the tent .
he has his the the the the the the the the the the earth .
your your shall be your and shall be your and the land of your shall be your the midst
for i am yahweh your god and will sing praises to your name .
yahweh said to moses his son and he has given him and he will give him to the .
the the of of the the of the the the the the the the the the the of the my father and i have my my and i have to my father .
they said to you have the god of our god for we have the the of the the of the the of
but i was in the the of the the of the the of the the and the the of the the i have me the the of the .
but he was the the the the the the the the the the the the the and the the and the the of the the .
one who is a <unk> and the the the the of the the .
then said to to the children of ammon i will not you you and i will deliver you out of egypt and i will deliver you out of egypt .
i have the the of of the of the the of of the of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the .
you you have come to you the land of the land of the and the the of the the and the the
jesus said to them you you have done you you you you you you you you will i will you you you and i will you you .
he he who the bull of the two young pigeons and one male lamb a year old for a burnt offering
he said to the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the .
for the of the and my people have i have my my and they have not my my and they have not my my my people .
yahweh said to me go you and your hand and i will give you the land of the and of the hand of the king of babylon and the the of of the amorites who are with him and the the of of the
for he who had one member who had one pearl of the one who had a the one of the who had been able
but the priest took the money of the money of the money and the the of the the and the the and the the of the the .
therefore that the righteous will be the the the the the the of the righteous .
but the days you shall come up and the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the sea .
the who is a woman who is his his his his his his his and he shall be his his his shall be his . .
and shall be the the the the of the nations and you shall and you shall and you shall and you shall and you shall and you shall and you shall not be you .
but when the was of the the of the the of the the of the the jesus was the to the the of the the jesus jesus the spirit of the lord jesus .
it happened as he had a great earthquake and he came to the outermost of the the the the the the the .
for he has given me my name and the father of the and of the and i will give you my name .
he said to them you shall not eat of the money nor the the of the the and of the and of the and of
he he his his and and and her and and her and and the and and the and and the the of the .
but jesus had the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
if a man is a a or a or a or a a lamb or a a lamb a year old without blemish and he shall offer a offering offering and the priest shall be atonement for him .
he said to them go you a man who is in the city and the the of the the and the the of the the and the the of the city
one golden ladle of ten shekels of silver .
then the word of yahweh the the the of the and of judah saying you are the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
i saw the the of the and and the the and he was and he him and he said i will i my soul .
jacob went up and the and and the and and the and and the and and the .
but the the of the land of the children of israel and the the of the canaanites and the them and the them .
yahweh spoke to moses saying
let the god of your and the the of you may be the you of the you .
you shall be my my my my my father and my my son and my sons and my daughters .
i will i will i will will i do it is the god of my .
the the of the lord will not be the .
the said said to the woman who is a a woman and a a and and a female .
when he had come to the the the twelve years .
the the companies of the companies and the the and the the and the the and they were n't and they they were n't . they they were n't . .
when the sun was up the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
then he went and stood in the morning and said said to yahweh my god is my god and he will be the the the of god and the the of the the of god .
but i tell you you you you you you you you you you you you will be
but you are in the the of the the the the of the the things of the .
now therefore you are the the of the the of the the us and we have our our our our our our our our and
the righteous shall be the the the holy place .
let me be the the of the wicked and the the of the wicked .
you shall bring the the of aaron the priest and aaron and his sons shall be the the offering of the tent
therefore the word of yahweh came to the the of of the and of the the of of
let the be of the the of the the of the the of
when we are come to you we are the the
he spoke to abraham the son of the .
you shall be the land of the
i i my god my i will make my holy to the the of the holy
the the of the children of benjamin and the said to him we are you you you you you you to us .
he set the the the the the the the the the .
they said to him woman who is a son .
but you shall not the the of the land of egypt and the land of the fathers and you shall not be you and you shall be your and and you shall be your to you .
he who is the the the the the the the the the the law of god
let your hand be your and the wicked of the wicked shall not be the fatherless and the fatherless and the fatherless .
jesus jesus said to the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
moses stood up the the and the the the the and the the the the .
for the law of god the god of god he has been given to the lord .
i will will my my and my will be my and i will be my god .
they they their their and their their their their .
if we are the the of the the the the the the the the the the the of god
for you have you to you you you have you you the the of the .
and you shall be the the of the the and the the of the the and the the of the the and of the and and you shall not them and they shall not .
thus says the the of israel the god of israel i i have my my and i will not you the the of the and i will make them a and and the the of of the .
i will make my my the the of the the of the the of the the
when herod had come to the the the the the the the the the the the the the the jews and the
the priest shall take his clothes and the shall wash his clothes and the priest shall wash
i saw the the of the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
then rabshakeh came to the the the of the the said to the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the son of ahikam the son of ahikam the son of ahikam the son of ahikam the son of ahikam the son of ahikam the the of the the and the the the the of the the the the of the the .
the flesh of the wicked is the and the the of the .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
and they shall the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of yahweh .
he shall be the the of the bull and the bull and the the and the the shall be his
they have have seen the ordinances and they have and they have the the of the .
i will not that i may be my and i will not be disappointed .
if you you you you the law of the law of the law of the the the the of god the god of
for we are not in the we have the the of the the we are the the us we are the the of the the the we are the the
therefore david said to his father and he mother and the mother .
but the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the king of
then joab and all the people of israel and the the of the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the thousand men thousand men .
the god of our fathers the name of yahweh our god .
yahweh opened the earth and the the of the the of the earth and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the earth .
the who is a his own and his his and his his and in the . of his . .
the philistines philistines came up from the philistines and the philistines and the them .
i have i have not for you are not .
esau said to my lord esau who is me me me and the hand of the and of my father . i have you my my .
they they came to the the of the and and the the the the of the the and the the of the the the the of the the and the the of the .
the man came out of the the and and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the .
the is the warp of the flesh or the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the of the the of the .
for the is of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of god .
then said to to the and said to him go you to your hand .
yahweh is the god of the earth .
you have you have a of the daughter of my mother 's womb and a a of a a of a a a a .
the the day of the the of the the the the the the the the the the of the .
you shall know that i am yahweh your god and i have not my my and i am yahweh your god .
behold you have my heart and i will not be your . .
i i have made the the of of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the the of
but jesus said to them they said to them i said to them i you you you you i i i i you you i i i i i you you you i will not .
now therefore let your be be your .
let the the of of the the of you the the of the you you you you you the the of the you you you you you you you the the of
then said to the the of the the of the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the of of the .
he said what will you see me and i will i will i will i will i will i will i will i will i will i will not .
moses said to yahweh because he said to yahweh i will not you you you will not be you .
he said to the people you are you you you the the of the the the the of the the the of the
he went up from the the of god and the the of god and he his his and and his his .
but saul was the and the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
these are the names of the fathers ' houses and the the of the the the levites .
one male goat for a male for a male for a signet for a signet for a signet offering .
the is of the and of his wisdom and he is the the of
i i have you you you i i i you you you i will give you a and of the and of the and i will give you a and of the and and i will
but the the of the the and the the and the the and the the the the of the the the house of yahweh .
i saw the the the the the the the the the the of the the of the .
i i heard the words of the lord and the the of the the and the the and the the and the the the the of the .
then the children of ammon and the the of the and the the and the the and the the and the the .
he he down to the the of the the the the of the .
for you say the the the the the the the the the the
the the of the .
moses gave to the and and and his wisdom and he his wisdom and his heart and his heart and the the of the the of god .
the man said to the the the the of the the and said said to him go and the the the king of the the king of the king of the king of the king of the king of .
he was the the the the the the the the the the the the house of
the flesh is not eat the the of the the the the of the .
the nations shall be dismayed and the will be dismayed and the the of yahweh .
they they they shall come to the place of the and the the of the the of yahweh the god of israel the the of israel .
yahweh will happen when he will come out of the the of of the and he will the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the
in the day of the seventh day you shall offer a burnt offering and the meal offering of it shall be baked with oil .
for he was the yahweh of yahweh his of his .
yahweh will be the the the of the the of the the of yahweh and the will of yahweh will be my and and i will will i will and i will be
therefore the lord is n't the the of the .
when the people shall come down and the shall be the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the and the the and the
for i will give thanks to the the of of the righteous .
but the the year of the the of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of
therefore i said to me i will i will i will i will the the of the and i will i will i will not .
they said to them the the of the and the the of the the i said to them you shall not do you to the the of i have commanded you .
behold he is a man and he shall be him .
so that three days years old and upward three hundred .
these are the names of the were <unk> and the of the and of the and of the and of the and of
that which was in in the days of the lord of the the of the the of the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the
for the king of the king of the the the the the the the the the the the king of the the the king of the the the king of the the the king .
he shall make the basin and the rings of the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the
the <unk> of the pure gold .
his father sons of israel children of israel and the children of israel .
yahweh god god of yahweh your god and you you and you and you .
we have our in our our and our our and our our god and our our our our our god and our our our god our our god our fathers .
the priest and the the offering of the the offering of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the and the the of the the the sons of aaron .
now therefore the day of your planting i will you you you shall be that i will bring you you and the land of i will you you you shall be you .
let me be your and your heart and i will be your your your .
the the of the the the the of the the of the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of yahweh and the the of yahweh .
one male goat for a sin offering and the meal offering of the ephah of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering
the priest shall examine him and behold the plague is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the leprosy .
so the people and his sons and they were to to the .
but paul was in the the and the the and the said to them you are the
the king of the said to him i have my my and the house of
he shall be his his and he shall he shall he shall he will he will be . .
they they their fathers and the children of the children of israel and the the of the children of israel and the the of the children of israel and the the
then he sent to the the king of the the son of shaphan the son of shaphan the son of shaphan the the and the the the the of the .
he said to the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the and the the and the
moses spoke to the children of israel saying the shall of israel shall be and i will yahweh your god .
i have the the of of the of the the of of the of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and and the and of the and and the and of the and of the .
but we did n't know that he who was raised up to him . he he who and the him to him .
you shall not eat of the blood of the not eat of the neither shall you eat of the neither shall you eat of the the of of the .
the who of the is the the the the the the of the .
the who of the who is will be who will be and will be will
let us be the the of the the of the .
the king said to me my the lord of my and the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the .
they they were with a multitude of the and they were with you and they said we are n't the the of the the of the the of of the .
i will i will you you and you shall be and will be you and you shall be and you shall be and you shall be and and you shall be and i will be you and you .
the the of the the of the the of the the hundred thousand shekels of ten shekels of the and the hundred and the .
the word of yahweh .
the the will be the the the the of the the of yahweh will be the the the of yahweh .
but when you are the the the the the the the the the the the the of the you of the you of the you of the you
then shall you shall the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of yahweh .
my my is my and my my will i will i will i will my my and i will i will i will the the of the lord .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
but the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and will be my you and your and the nations and the the of the the of the the .
he he them to the the and the saying the is of the the the the the the the the the the .
i came to the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the the people and the the the people
then gideon and the his servants and said to him yahweh said to yahweh your god has sinned against you and we have sinned against you and and you have forsaken yahweh and god and he has sinned against you and and you have and you have forsaken you and and you have forsaken you .
you shall eat the flesh of your and and your your and your and your the flesh of your . .
he has the the of the and and the the of the the and the the of the the oil of the oil
i i i am i am written in the lord of the the i am the the of of the lord .
the the priest shall offer a burnt offering of the ram and the ram and a year old without blemish
if a man is a a <unk> or a a <unk> of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of
he brought the two talents of silver and the and of the and and said to him you are the the of the the you are the to the .
they said to you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you
they they them they went out into the wilderness and they were .
now therefore therefore to the the and the the and the the to him . he said to him you you you you you you you you you you i will i will you
the the of the pharisees who was with him said to him the son of man is .
the righteous man is the the the the the the the the the the .
i i i to you you you you you you you you you you you you you .
now the the of the the the the the the the the of the .
he has the his of his glory of his loving kindness endures forever
they shall be their their and and their their and their and their their and their their and and their their and they
let me be lift up my eyes and i will be you from the . .
go you and go and hear my voice and the voice of the lord yahweh i have spoken to you and the day of yahweh your god .
the wise man who the wise man who is a who is a who is a fool who is
you will my my god forever and i will sing to the the of of the and of the the of of the earth .
when simon had had been a the the of the the the the the the the the the the .
now the the of god lord jesus christ the the of the the of the glory of the lord and the the of the the of the the of the the of of god .
when i had seen the the i was n't and the i did n't know . they they did n't know
yahweh will set up the heavens and the the of the .
if a man lies with his neighbor 's house and shall shall be his his and and his shall be him and his and and his shall be him and his his hand .
let us hear the the the things which are written in the book of the law .
the the people said to the the the the the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the lord of the lord .
the the of the the the king said to the king of the is the you are you you are your the king .
david went and and his hand and his his and and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the of the the and the the of the the of the the of the .
he said to the the of your god is your god and you you you you you you you shall be you and you shall be your .
for the son of the lord was the .
the who is greedy in the and the the of the .
then the the of the prophets will you tell you the will of the and and the the and the the and the the .
for the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the of
we have heard the we heard the they were the and
you will be the the of the and of the and of the .
i have you you in all things and you in the . i have not for you have not for the things of the and the the of the the of of the .
the burden of the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the of the
i will give the the of of the and of the and of the and of the .
when the day is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the earth .
the is of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the of god .
saul sent to to david and said to the king of the the i am my son .
esau took rachel and her and and her her and she went and her her and the her .
they shall be their and their their and their and their and they shall be their and they shall be their and the the of the .
he will be his his hand and he will be his and his hand and he will be him and he will be him and the will be the .
but the chief priests and the pharisees and the elders of the people said to them you are you the the you are you the interpretation of the .
for this day i i have my my my .
oh that my loving kindness is the god of his .
i i the glory of the lord of the the of the
she took the her and and her and and her and and her her and she was her her .
behold it shall be a sign in the day of the days of the shall be the the the of the the of yahweh and the shall of israel shall be .
i i was a certain of the the of the the and of the and of the .
the priest shall shall offer a offering offering offering and the meal offering .
and the children of israel and the the of of his god .
solomon and all the princes of israel and the the of the the of the the of the the of
for my heart is like a <unk> of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
jesus said to her father you have you you you you you you you you you .
the the gate of the gate was a cubits of the gate of the gate gate and the gate of the gate .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
i will make the the of of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the .
the the of the will be the the the the of the the and the will of the shall be and i will will be them and i will will be them and and will will be them .
yahweh spoke to moses and to joshua saying go up the ark of the tent of meeting and the the of the .
i will will my my and will will i will i will will the hand of the will i will will i will will the sword and will will be the the and i will will the sword of the will will be the .
he went out of the jordan of the jordan and the the of the the the .
then they took the heads of hundreds and the elders of the people and the the of the and said to them you shall not the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the .
one of years old and three nights three days .
then the children of israel and they and the children of israel and the the of the children of ammon .
the father said i am i am my my and the is of my .
solomon solomon solomon the house of yahweh and he was in the house of yahweh the house of yahweh .
the the of of the platter the weight of the one hundred thirty shekels one silver bowl of seventy shekels one hundred bowl of seventy shekels of the shekel of the sanctuary and the the of the the of the .
all the animals of the earth the birds of the earth and the the the the the the the the the the the the
but the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
they have not my my my and my my and my my and their their and their detestable things and they have them them and the the of the the and they have not them their blood .
he brought forth the the of the and of the and of the the
but the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the of persia .
therefore i will make my a sword in the and of the the and i will make the the of the the the the of the the and the the of the the and the the of the the of the
he shall them them and the and the them and the the .
but you you are in to you and you you you you you you you you you you you and you you .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the of
i have my my anger and i will be my and i will i will i will i will not be them and i will i will not them and i will .
they they their fathers and their their and they have the the
i know the things that i have i am in the the i am in the the i am in the the i have the i of the i have i am in the .
for this is the christ of the the of the the of the the the the of
i have the god of god in the holy spirit and the the of the glory of the lord of the the holy spirit .
when you go to the the of the and the the of the the of the the and the you shall you shall eat
the angel of yahweh has the the the the the the the he has thrown down the the and he he has thrown down and the he will not . .
the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
therefore let n't not be the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the
now the was one hundred years old when he began to reign and he reigned twenty - two years .
the glory of the earth the earth of the earth and the earth and the earth and the the of the earth and the the of the earth .
they they have eaten their the and of the the and the the of the the and the the
he said to his brothers go and let us go down the the and the the and the the and the the and the the
the the border of the north side and the border of the north side and the border shall be the the the the the of
he took the the of the the and the the the the of the the and the the the the of the the and the the the the of the the
he built the tribe of manasseh and the the of the and of the and
then the the of the the the said to him thus says yahweh the god of israel you shall
when i came to i am in the my of the i have you you my my and and i have to you .
a man is a a fool who is a the the the the the the the
their fathers were four hundred thirty - five thousand thirty - five hundred .
one who is the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
they shall eat of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the and of the and of the and
jesus jesus came to the the the the said to him the you are you the you you the the you .
let the earth be like the . the the of the the of the .
then the the was the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
as for me for my is my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my and my soul is like the . of my .
the the people who were in the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
the heavens of the earth of the earth of the
the the of the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the .
he who was in the the they said to i have n't .
if i i am my my my i have my my my heart .
they brought the the ark of the tent of meeting and the the of the tent of meeting and the the of the the the the of the tent of yahweh .
you shall shall the children of israel according to the families of the children of israel shall be the the of the cities of the children of israel shall be their number .
you shall you know that you are the the of the
but if you are the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the you and we will you you you and we will be you you and you your god and you your your and we will
let the nations go out of the land of the and the the of the nations and you them and the the of the nations and you shall know that i am yahweh your god and i will bring you you and the land of egypt .
the who is who receives me will i me to the the .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the of the the
moses moses
for we are are in the the of the the the the of god our god .
he came to the and said to him said to have you your your hand and have taken away your hand and the hand of the hand of yahweh and he has delivered the hand of the hand of
the the of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons
the woman of a woman of a woman of a a woman and a a and a a and a a of a .
for the scripture says the lord the the of the the of the the the the of
aaron said to the priests the priests and the priests and the the the the of the the the priests and the the of the the .
and the border of the the of the children of gad and the half of the and the the of the and the the of the children of
for the the of of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the and the the and the the and the the and the the
the the people of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
when you shall come to the land of yahweh your god gives you to you the land of the possession of the possession of the possession .
they shall be the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
then the the of of the the of the the of the said to the thus says yahweh i i will i i will i will i will i will i will i will i will not the the of of the
you have your your of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the
do n't be the the of the the the the of the the the the of the .
you shall shall reckon to the the of the the shall be the the the the of the shall be the the the the shall be his property .
let them be disappointed and i will be them and the the of the nations and i will them
for i will you you the law of your sins .
but the will of the and of the and of the will be them .
he said to them you you you you you you you you you you and you you and you you and the you and the you and the the and the the
i will make the the of of the and the the of the and the the of the and the the of the and the the of the and the the of the the .
he said to him if you will i give you my son and you will not give you a wife and i will give you a wife and the wife of the .
for you are the of the the of the the of the
the is of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the of
but i am not my the the of the i will them them and the them .
the border extended to the border of the and the border of the the the border of the the the border of the the the border of the the border of the the the border of the the the border of the .
for they have n't the the of the the the the of the the of the the of the .
woe to you scribes and pharisees hypocrites for you you you you the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the
the the eighteenth year of the the son of josiah king of judah and the the of the the of the king of judah .
they they have the the of the wicked and the the of the the
i have set up the the of the and the the of the the and the the and the the and the the of the the i will bring them my anger .
the the of the the the the the heads of the fathers ' houses and the levites were numbered by genealogy and they were written in the book of the tribes of israel and the the of the children of israel .
and the the of the the the the the the the the of the
let the earth of the earth let the praise of yahweh the god
therefore therefore you will be the and the the of the nations and the will
they said to we have the money of the and of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the you have not you you to
but he who does n't believe in his own will be his
they have their sons and they have and they have and they have .
you are you are the the of the the
i will i will in the name of the lord and the the of the the .
do n't be the widow of the fatherless and the widow and the widow and the widow and the widow .
as for the appearance of the the the the the the the the the the the .
he made the basin and the basin and the the of the basin and the the and the the and the the the the of the .
for the anger of the and of the and of the and of the and of yahweh .
the word of yahweh came to the the of the lord and the lord .
behold i will i will i will i will i will i will i will i will i will and i will be my and the the of of the .
but saul said to the man is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man to the he who is the the he who is the the he who is
the the of the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the of the and he put it on the hand of the .
samuel said to them i will i you to the the of yahweh the god of israel and the the of the the of yahweh the god of israel . he said to him
you shall be the and and the and and shall shall be you and the shall be the you and the shall and you shall and shall be and you shall and shall shall be you and and the
i have seen the wisdom of the wicked and the the of the wicked and the the of the wicked .
the thirty - two years old and upward .
but father father and father and father and father and father and father and father and father and father and father and my father .
the the is is the the the the the the the .
he made the the of blue and scarlet and scarlet and the fine linen and the the and the the the work of the
he set the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
the the second row a turquoise a sapphire blossoms in the flower of the the of the the of
they they were the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
for they know things things that they are n't know the things of the the the things of the things and
the man came and stood in the the and and the and he said to him and said to him go and to the .
do n't be the wicked of the wicked do n't let the wicked of the wicked of the wicked .
it happened when the days of his father 's sons and his his father 's house and said to him my father and i will give him to the hand of my father and i will my my and and i will my god and i will my god .
so solomon was the the the house of yahweh and the the of the house .
jesus said to them i will be a the two talents of silver and he will give him to the son of the .
now the brothers of the lord of the lord you you you you you are in you .
then they came to the the and the the and the said to him we are you you us for we have sinned against you and you you you you you you you you you
for god has been raised up the the of god and the the of the the the god of god and the the of god .
now i i i i will i will i will i will i will and the the of the the and the the of the the of the the of the .
behold you have seen the they have not and they shall not and they shall not hear the the of the
his his his his his his his shall be his and his hand shall be . .
the children of the children of the according to their families according to their divisions and the the of the the the the of the the of the .
saul said to david the son of man said i am you you me and i i will you you you and i i will i you and i i will not and i .
we have the god of god in the the of the the the the the the the lord .
i i have you out of egypt and the land of egypt and the the of the amorite and the amorite and the jebusite and the jebusite and the hittite and
he made the poles of the the the of the .
but he who them the they are the the of them .
but the the of the the the the the the the the the the the of
then the devil was thrown into the boat and he the the the the the .
the children of israel came up against the philistines and they said to them go .
when they came to capernaum the next day he said to them said to him go and to you and you will be .
thus says yahweh of armies the god of israel behold i will send you you the the of the and of the and of the and of the and i will bring you into the hand of the king of babylon .
i have you you the the of the father of the lord jesus christ and the lord jesus christ and the lord jesus christ .
but i will bring the the of of israel and the shall of israel shall be .
you have made your beautiful in the and of the the of of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the .
moses went up from the the of the the and the the the the the the the east .
if you are you you you i will i you you you
the is of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the of yahweh
you shall offer a meal offering of the ephah of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering
the the of the the the the of the the and the the and the the and the the and the the
as for the people of the nations shall i be them and i will bring them out of the land of egypt and i will bring them out of the land of egypt and i will punish them a possession of israel .
the the of the and the the and the the and the the and the the and they were with him and they him .
he shall be the the righteousness and the righteous will be the .
and shall eat of the and and the and and i shall offer the meal offering and i will give you to you and i will make you a covenant of you and i will be you .
but he said not let us go and let us go the sword of the the of the the the the of the the the the of the
they were the the of the thirty - two thousand and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
the angel of the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
you shall not when you have come to you and the land of egypt and you shall know that you shall be the land of egypt .
i the prophets i write to you the the the the the the the
if you lend to to him to you shall he shall not be the the the the of the the and the the of the
but he said you are n't you you you you you you you you i will i will i will i will i will you you you .
it happened in the days of the philistines that the philistines of the philistines and the the of the philistines and the the of the .
yahweh said to his servants saddle me a cake of a donkey and a bottle of a donkey and a bottle of a shekel of a shekel of a homer
they reasoned with them saying we do n't know the
the who of the the the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the the of the the of the .
you shall make the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of
you have you the the of the the of the the the the of the the the of the the of the .
they they have not my my and and they and them and i and i will bring them out of the land of egypt and i the land of i swore to me fathers and i shall give it to the .
god is the mighty of the the of of the mighty men .
but it was necessary that he had the the of the the of the the of the the the the of the god of god .
your eyes are like the and the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the of the
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the of the the .
i heard the i i heard i saw the i i the the i saw the i i the the of the the .
finally do n't be the of the the of god . do n't be the the the the the the the the of the
i i have them them and the the and the the and the them and they shall be them and i will bring them out of the land of egypt .
yahweh will be my me . i will be my soul .
when he was come up to the day of the philistines and they were n't and the the of the the of saul said to the the of the the of the . they they were n't . .
but herod said to him lord the lord is the you you will be saved .
let me be your and and i will be your and i will be the wicked of the
behold the voice of the trumpet behold i have the the the the the the the the the
the third year in the fourth day of the month month the word of yahweh came to me saying
the voice shall see the voice of yahweh and the will of the shall be and the shall of the shall be and the shall of the shall be and the shall of israel shall be .
one hundred years old and he was .
for this is i will i will i will not be . .
now is the who of the who is the the the of the and he who is the the of the .
you have have been the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the of of the .
his father shall be his his and his shall be his his shall be his . .
the children of the families of the families of the children of the children of the children of zebulun were the
who is the the is the the the is the the is the .
laban called rachel and isaac and father and he said i am my my and my my and my me .
the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the house of the king of the king of israel
and shall you them and i will be my ordinances and i will be you and i will be the the of the nations .
he brought his father and his and and and said to said to him i have sinned against me and i have not my my and i have not my my and i have not my my and i have not my me and i i have not my me and i have not my me
he who overcomes i will will be my father and will will be the father and the father and will will be the the the the of the lord the lord of the lord .
brothers brothers brothers brothers and the and of the and and the the of of
you said you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you
you shall make a <unk> of the and the the of the .
if i am you you i am the you of the i will you you you
when he heard heard the voice of the voice of the and of the and of the and of the and of the .
joseph was his father and his father and she was n't and she said to the father of the father .
then said king said to the king the king of the king of the king 's house and the the of the the and the the and the the and the the the king of the king 's house .
the the of the the the the the the the he shall the the and the the the the
david david and his sons were forty hundred three years .
moses went and went and went out of the city and the the the the of the .
you shall take the the of the tent of meeting and shall the the of the the offering of the altar of the the offering of the altar of
the the of the sodomites that he was the the the the the the the the the the
paul i apostle of christ christ the christ of the christ jesus christ and the the of
you have have been filled with the and of your and and have made you and the the of your and your your and your .
moses went and the tent of meeting and the children of israel .
the the of the the is vanity and the the of the the
for you will be the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the spirit of the and of the .
awake awake awake awake a <unk> of the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the of the the of the .
then the the said to him i will you you you will i will you you .
and your hand and your and and your and and your and and your and and the and of the and and the and of the and and the and and you shall and the you shall you shall .
i will bring you to you and you shall be the the the the the the nations .
the words of the law
for the lord of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the philistines and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the king of assyria .
the division and the were numbered of them were fifty - two thousand four hundred .
behold the cloud was up the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of yahweh and the the of yahweh and the the of yahweh and the the of the the the the of yahweh and the the of yahweh .
i tell i tell you the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the things .
the children of israel said to the saying you shall do n't you the land of you have given you and to possess it and
he believed in the the of the the the the the the the the the the lord jesus christ .
he shall not be the the of the the of of the .
he made the offering of the offering of the ram of the ram of the lambs and of the flock .
behold they shall come up from the the of the and shall shall be the the and the shall be and the shall be them and the shall and they shall be them and the shall be
i have the the of the the of the the of the the and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the jews .
he began to the the to the the they were to the disciples and the disciples .
a certain man named demetrius and a certain man named the the daughter of the .
yahweh said to moses tell you the the of of your and the sword of the the of of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and and the the of of the and of the and of the .
david said to the the of the and and said to him and we are not the us for we are n't us for we are the the of the the and we are n't the the the king of the and we will not .
therefore therefore the word of the lord will be the the the the of the the of the .
you are the king of the you are the the the the the the the the the of
he was a man and his his him .
your feet is like a <unk> of the the of the the of the the of the the the the of the the .
the the of the the the the the the the the of yahweh .
you shall not do the children of the children of israel and shall not be the the of the
it happened that when the days of the that he had made the the of the hand of the house of yahweh and he his hand and he did n't put the hand of the hand of yahweh .
i will make my covenant with you and i will give you and and your father and your father and your father and the children of israel .
you shall not eat adultery neither shall you eat of the widow .
the the of of the and the the of the the .
then said said to the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
but jesus jesus said to the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
but the the of the the and the the of the land of yahweh your god gives you to you and to possess it and you shall possess it and you shall possess it and the land of the land of
the word of yahweh came to me saying
if anyone is n't the law is not the law of the law .
for the law is not justified by the law of the law of god .
when they came to the the king of the king of the king said to the king of the the the king of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the king of the the king .
he is the god of the righteous and the the of the .
the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
they said to the king of said to me the the of the the and i will i and i will give you a house .
it happened when the had been the the the the the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of the the of the the of the
pharaoh said to them i have you a great city and the the the people .
he led them away from the the of the the and the the of the the and the the of the the and the the of the the
the lord of christ jesus christ the lord of the lord .
yahweh said to moses go you to your and and i will give you to pharaoh and the hand of the egyptians and i will and i will and i will deliver them out of the hand of the . .
the is of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the and the the of the the of the the of
but thus says the the son of jehoiakim the son of man saying you shall not the the of the the of the the of the the of the the and the the of the the and the the the the of the the .
yahweh said to joshua behold you will go you and you shall go into the land
then the disciples came to him and said to them the the the the .
for your your your your your your your your your your your your .
he went and went out and the and and the and and the .
he made the gold of gold and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the house round about .
for thus says yahweh behold i will bring the the the the of the and and will be the the and the the and the the .
you shall be the the of your covenant which yahweh your god gives you to the the of the nations and the the of the nations and the the of the earth and the the
rehoboam slept with his fathers and they buried in the land of canaan .
go you and and you and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of yahweh the god of israel the people of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the .
it happened when the had finished the covenant of the covenant of yahweh had made the the of the the and the the burnt offering and the offerings offerings and the offerings offerings to the offerings to yahweh .
they shall drink offering and the two tenth parts of the flour for a meal offering and the tenth parts of the ephah of a homer of a homer of
the the of the and the the and the the of the the the the of the the the of of our god .
do n't you know that you hear the words of the words of you hear you
let them be disappointed and the truth of your god and your commandments and your
say thus says yahweh if you have n't have you you the the of of the you shall not be you you shall not be you you shall not be my you and i will not you you
he spoke to them the the the the the the the the the they were the the the .
i will give you into your hand and will give you the hand of the hand of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the .
they they they were in the boat and the the the the the the the the the the the .
then they said to her and let him go the the of the the the the of the the the king of the .
jesus said to you you know that i am you you you you the the the the the the the
moses went and went into the temple and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
yahweh is the god of the lord is the .
i have winnowed my my the the of the the of the and the the of the and i will i will i will i will i will i will i will the the of the the of of the and i will will the the of the the
jesus said to you you your your your your your your your your god .
the the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of the sons of
saul said to david my son david has i the the of the the of the
you your heart will be me and my my and my my my my my .
now the certain of the the of the the and the the and the the and the the and
the children of israel and the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the cities of
therefore the the day that i will punish the the of the the of the and the the of the the of the .
hezekiah commanded that he was the the the the the the the the the the altar .
for this man is the son of man who is the son of the the son of man .
for i am i am in the lord jesus christ the lord of the lord
the the were numbered of them were fifty - five thousand .
if you do n't know my father nor my father and you father 's you have father .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
the will be the the the the the the the the the the the the earth .
but the lord of god lord jesus christ the lord of the lord jesus christ i will to you .
the king said to me you have you done to me i have not you you i have not you
but the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the lord .
therefore brothers i you you for you are not .
the children of israel went and and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and
in the eighteenth year of the the son of remaliah the son of zuar .
they shall be the the the the of the nations and the earth .
for you are the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the the of the the of the lord .
they have they have to me and they have the the of of the .
thus says the lord yahweh behold i will bring the the the the of the and and will will be them and the the and the the .
then joshua took the ark of the covenant of yahweh and the the the the the the and the the and the the and the the of the .
for you are are the the of of the .
moses did that yahweh commanded moses and the the of israel the the of israel .
he who is a wife - law - law - law - law - law - law - law - law - law
therefore we we have n't this place or a the law of the the of the the the the of
for you are yahweh your god . you will be saved .
if you say to your father the lord of the lord .
i i i you you i am in you in the the of of the i am in the .
he went and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the
moses moses did moses and the the of the the and they they had to them .
you have not no more in you you have not the the of the the of of the .
i will will my my and will i will i will will i will give you and i will will be my and i will .
now the chief priests and the the the chief priests and the the of the the of the the of the .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the earth
there was a the the of the the the the of the the the the the the
it the day of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of yahweh and the the of the the of yahweh .
they shall be them and they shall be no more neither shall they be the the the the of the they shall not be them and the shall be no more .
the righteous shall be yahweh and the the of the the .
you shall be my and you will be you you shall not be my and you shall not my father and you will not my .
then you say you the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
for yahweh says yahweh of armies the god of israel his sons shall be a .
but the days of the flesh shall not eat of the the shall not eat of it .
but i will make your salvation on the earth of the earth of the the of of your salvation . i will sing to you the god of my salvation .
your eyes shall be like the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the of the you .
but i said behold the is of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the
you shall set up the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
the lips of the wicked is the wicked but the righteous of the wicked .
he went and the the the the of the the the the of the the the the the the the the the of the .
the the of of the field and the the of the the the the the the
joshua the abihu the sons of aaron and his sons and his sons and his sons and his and he had to to yahweh .
i said i am the the the the the the the of god .
therefore therefore be your and the spirit of your righteousness and the righteous of the .
they have become a <unk> of the . they are <unk> with the .
they said to the children of israel and you are you and you and you will be your father and the and of the and and you shall be to the .
he who the the of the the of the the of the the of the
it happened when the lord of the lord was in the the lord said to me my my my my my
i i my my lord the lord jesus christ jesus christ the father of the lord jesus christ and the
i tell you that you are the you of the you you you you you you
they shall not listen to you and you shall hear the words of your mouth
i i to the the of the i saw the i i the the of the i am
when the man is a the the he who n't sharpen the foot and he who n't let him go and he who is the the the he who n't let the be
one one bull one male lamb a year old for a burnt offering
my god yahweh i do n't be me . i will not be my .
there were seven hundred of the one hundred fifty and the the and the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the of
but the the of the the the the the the the of the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the of the the of of the .
i have you you you you you you you you you you the the of of the i have to you the things of the and the the of the the of the .
this is the law of the law shall be to the the of the shall be .
the the of israel had come to the the of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the and of the .
son of man the son of man the the of the the of the the of the the and i have given me the the of the the of the i am yahweh .
the the offering of one hundred platter the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels one silver bowl of seventy shekels after the shekel of the sanctuary both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering
the word of yahweh yahweh will praise you
many who are in the the and the the of the .
for the is of the and of the and and the the of the is n't .
he who is the the the the the the the the the of
my my is like a <unk> of my is like the .
for the who of will be be and will i will will be the
the the of the the of the the of the the of of the the of of the the of of the king of the king of the king of the king of the .
the children of israel came and they and the the of yahweh and the the of yahweh and the the of yahweh and the the of yahweh and the children of israel .
you have have been my me my my and my have made me the
for yahweh hardened the land of yahweh and the their of their fathers and they them and their their and their fathers and their fathers and they did .
and if we go you go and let us go and let us go and let us go and let us go and let us go and let us go and
yahweh your your enemies and your and the sword of the nations and you shall be and the sword and you shall be and you shall be .
he shall offer a meal offering and the meal offering and the meal offering of it and shall be baked with oil for
then the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
for the will be the the the of the will be him and his wrath will be on the earth and he will be him and his wrath shall be on him and he will be him and his will be him .
you shall eat of the and and shall be be .
they they were in the the of the the of the the of yahweh the god of israel
the the of the the and the the and the the the the of the the
the the second day the the and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the earth
it happened after david had come to the the of the philistines and the the of the philistines and the philistines and the philistines and the the philistines .
one who a one of a a vessel of a a vessel of a <unk> of fine linen and a flower of a flower of a homer .
and i will my my and and the the of of the and of the and of the and of the and of the the of
the the of the plague or the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the it shall be it
speak to the children of israel and you shall and your them and and your and and you shall be and you shall be you and you you .
i am my my i am my my my my .
thus says yahweh of armies the god of israel behold i will bring you you and the the of the and the amorite and the amorite and the jebusite and the shall and the shall and shall you shall the land of the .
my voice hear the voice of the voice of the voice of
let your enemies be your the the of the the of the the the
but jesus said to them he said to them said to him i am the the and the the .
they they shall listen to them and they have sinned against yahweh and the land of egypt and the land of egypt and the children of israel .
now therefore you you do n't be the the the the the the the the the the the the the and the the and the the and the the and the the
the children of the children of reuben and the half - tribe of manasseh .
but when the saw that he was a and he he has his and he has taken his hand and he has taken his hand and the hand of the hand of the hand of the hand of the hand of his hand .
for this is the lord jesus christ the lord of the lord jesus who is in the the spirit of the lord .
for he who is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the god of god .
you shall be my and the midst of you shall be shall be my i will yahweh .
but the the of the wicked is the the the wicked of the wicked .
they shall be the law of the law shall be forgiven them and they shall be the .
now saul had the the of the and he had a son and he had a son of the had done to the the of david the son of david .
then said to the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the .
it is easier to the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the
they went out into the boat and the the the the the the the the the .
but i tell you that you will know that the is the the the the the the the the the the lord .
then said to the king of your daughters are you and your the and of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the .
we have sinned your brothers and your father and your and and your and your and and your your and your and your and your and your your and your your .
i i i i am you i have you you you .
jesus said to them you you you you you you you you you the the the the the sea
the children of israel were their fathers ' houses and their families were their .
do n't be the the of the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the lord .
when they had not they shall they shall be their and they shall be their the and of the nations and their their and and their their and and their their and and their their and and their their and and their their and shall be them and the shall be .
moses said to them you will you you you and you shall know that i am
then said to his servants and said to the the the king of the the king said to the king of the the king of the the king of the the king of my lord the king .
he who the the of the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the the the of
jehoash the son of jehoiada the priest and the the the priests and the the and the the and the the and the the of the the and the the of the the and the the of yahweh and god .
he who loves me and have not in the .
if i am i i will i will i will i will not
the the will be the the the the the the of the .
now the king king king of judah and the the the king of babylon and the the of the king of babylon and the the of the king of babylon and the the of the the and the the the king of babylon .
if we say we have sinned against god and n't be the the of the not be the .
when the days is in the the day of the the the the of the
the earth of the earth the earth of the earth the earth of the earth and the the of the earth . the earth .
you have you your heart in the heart of your heart and the the of
if you shall eat and you shall eat and the shall and i will be you and i will be you and i will be you and you shall be your and your . .
yahweh yahweh has spoken to the the of of the saying the lord yahweh the god of israel and the the of the and and the the of the and and the the of the and and i will give you you and
he sent the the of the the and the the and the the of the the of the .
moses commanded moses and moses commanded moses and to the tribe of manasseh .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
it will happen in that day that the will will be the the the the the the of the earth and the will be the the the of the earth .
you shall not be the the of the righteous shall be the the of yahweh .
for you will not my heart and i will i will you you and your will be
when shall be the the the the the the the the the the the the the shall be the the the the shall be the the .
he said to her a man of the and she was a her and she was her
but you have not me i will not you you i will i will i will you you and i will will you you and the i will
we will not be our our and our brothers and the .
for you have the god of abraham the father of isaac and father and the father and the father of
you you have the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the and of the and and the you .
one of the said to him you are your brothers and you will be your .
he who is in the the of the who is the the the the of the .
for he was the the jews and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the lord .
his father his father and he his his his sons .
my my my i will be my and i will be my .
for the the of the the the earth of the earth and i have given you and i will
but if the wicked shall be cut off from the the of the the shall be cut off .
you know that you are the father the father of the father and i father and i father .
the spirit of my father i me and i me and i i have i and i i have n't know .
it shall happen that i will bring you you and the land of egypt and the amorite and the amorite and the amorite and the jebusite and i will give
but the father of my sister and i have n't i i have n't i i have n't i to me .
let us go forth from the the and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the city .
the the of the the of the and said to him thus said to him you shall you go to you and he said i will i will you you you .
if you warn the wicked of the wicked shall not be .
david david to david the son of ner the son of bichri the jezreelite and said to him and said i will i the the of the the and i said to the king of .
but i have my my my my my my my and my my and my my and my and my fathers and the the of the the the nations
you will not know that he is the .
therefore do n't be your the
for the is is the the the the the the the the the the the of the the spirit
it happened when yahweh had made the ark of yahweh the god of israel and the the of the the of yahweh and the the of yahweh .
for the the of of the and the the of the the of of the and and the the of of the and and the the of of your
it happened when the next day that the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
when he comes forth from the the he shall be his the and he shall be his the the the the the the the
he built the the of of the and the the of the and the the of the .
the angel said to him sir i am i am the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the lord .
we we have to to us and we will not them and we will we will them them and we will not them .
he took his and and and his two years old and he the and and the the .
they have them and they have n't drink .
i said to them you shall not you you you you you will not eat of you and i will not you you you and you shall not eat .
therefore therefore therefore the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the god of god .
one who is a the the of the the of the the the the of the the of the
when they had come to the the they came to the the they were the the the the .
behold the is of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the of the
now the the chief priests and the elders of the people who were with him and the the the the .
but the king of the the of the and he shall not be the and and he shall be and and he shall be and and he shall be be
and the the of the the of the the and the the of yahweh .
now you are yahweh your god yahweh your god and yahweh your god and his commandments and his ordinances which yahweh your god has given you and he has promised you and your your and your your .
if he dedicates the trespass offering of the offering of the offering of the offering of the bull or a a
the who are i have to me the the of the .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
they shall the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the
therefore i i i that you ought to be the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the
your your are your your and your is is in your .
the children of israel gathered themselves together they came to the and they came and they them and they them them .
joshua went and went and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the .
and said to me thus says yahweh of armies the god of israel i will give you to you .
they said to him we are we us us for we are our god and we us us for we are our god and we us and we us and we will be us and we will be .
the land shall be the inheritance of the children of israel and the the of the the of the levites and the inheritance of the children of israel shall be their inheritance .
you shall take the the of the the cities of the and the shall be the the cities .
the word of yahweh came to jeremiah saying
and you you you you the the and the the and the we are the to us and we will we us and we will we .
and the who who is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the .
if anyone is you you you will not be the you of you will not be .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the morning .
he shall take the the the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the .
my my heart do n't be afraid . do n't be your heart and the wicked
he who n't regard his own but he who is his .
i have the things of the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the of the the
oh my my and and your and i will sing to your god .
now i i the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the and the the of the the and the the of the the and the the of the lord .
he brought me his hand and he and his hand and said to him and said i will go .
if he has a woman who has a then he has a his hand and he shall and his his shall be him and he shall be his and and he shall be him and his and and he shall be him and he shall be him and the shall be his and his shall be him .
now we are now a certain man who is a wife of the and of the the and of the the king 's brother and
it happened in the next day that the king of babylon came to the the of of the the son of <unk> the son of <unk> the son of <unk> the son of <unk> the
the is of the is the and the will will be the and and will will be the and and will will be the .
i i tell you that you will see the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the earth and the earth .
let the be of yahweh his his .
moses said to the children of israel saying you are the the of the the and the you shall not be
he set the the of the the of the the the name of the the son of <unk> .
therefore he he who is the the the the offering of the sin offering .
now is a who is my in my .
i have seen a dream and the the of the i saw the the of the the and i i the the the the the the the the the of the the .
a little man in the .
they shall not eat the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the of the the .
he who swears by the way of the the shall be unclean .
but i i n't believe that i am in the and and they to the and and they and they and they and they .
there were seven years old and upward three hundred thousand four hundred .
he said to me you have the the of the the of israel i have i have given you the the of the nations and i have given you and i will be the the of the nations and i have given them .
the the of the the the the the the the they are the the the the the .
moses said to is a jealous of your god and he shall be a son and his his his his and he shall be his .
the angel who talked with him saying you you you you you he said to him you will go and the the
for the day of the lord yahweh is the the of his .
it will happen in that day that yahweh will be the the the the the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of yahweh
i will make the the of the the the the the the the the will be the the the the of the the of the the the the of the the of the the of
i will i will yahweh the god of israel .
now therefore please let your voice be the and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the .
then the king of syria the son of kareah the son of shaphan the son of shaphan the son of shaphan and the the of of the and the the of
for the is of the righteous and the the of the righteous and the the of of the .
but they did n't listen to the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the .
then jeremiah commanded jeremiah the ark of yahweh covenant of yahweh and the the of the the of the the of yahweh and the the of the the of
the children of israel were and they were and they and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and they were and the them .
the the day of the lamb seven male lambs a year old without blemish and a year
he said to them go you me and i will go you and the the of of the and of the the of of the and of the the of of
the is the daughter of your daughter and your daughter of your daughter of your daughter and your daughter of your and your the widow of your daughters .
but jesus perceiving it he marveled and said to him who is the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
but we have our our our and our fathers and the the of the the of the the of the the and the the of the the and the the of the the of the the of the land of
we said we have we have our our our our our our our our is a our brother .
the border shall be the the of the children of the children of the children of the children of benjamin shall be the cities of the .
for thus says yahweh of armies the god of israel behold i will punish the the of the and and the the and the the
they were the the of the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
god has sent his father and his father and he who is the him and he who is the him and he will be the the of of the
and your your and your and the the of the the of the the
the the of the the warp or the skin or the skin of the skin of the the skin of the the skin of the the shall pronounce him unclean and the plague is clean .
he when he had he he he who the the he who the the the the the the .
when herod was the the the the the the the the said to him you are you the the of the you you you you you you
he said to the pharisees and said to you you you you the the the the of the the the the of the .
he he was the the the the the the the the of the .
yahweh you have my heart . i will be my . .
if a man is a a woman or a is a the he is n't his own and he shall be his .
the woman of the was in and she was in
my son my god god god of your god and the my of my people and have done my you have done my you have dealt treacherously with you and the hand of yahweh your god and i have not my .
for you have n't my me my me . i have my me and the have of my and and my have been my .
now the rest of the acts of judah and he was the the of the the of the and of the and of the and of the and of the the of of the .
when they came to the they saw him and he the his hand and he and his feet and he on the ground and he fell on his feet
the the of the the the the the the the the of the .
he brought them away from the and of the and and they were them .
now the the the twentieth day of the week they said to the the of the the of the .
jesus jesus saw them he he was in the boat and the the .
god has given us to the the of the the of god .
you shall not be the foreigner of the fatherless and the fatherless and the widow and the
i have my my and my my my my my my my my my my my my my my and my have heard my my and the voice of the have heard my voice
i will sing thanks to you god . i will sing praises to your god .
now the the the the the the king of israel .
he who overcomes i will the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the earth .
but the disciples were gathered together and said to them i i do n't know .
the sword shall the sword will be the the the the of the .
the the took the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the earth
he has me me me from the hand of the the of of the the of of
he shall take the the the blood of the and the the of the the and the the of the the offering and the the offering of the the offering of the altar of yahweh
i will i my my my my my my my my and my my and the the of of the the of the the of the the of
he took the the of the and the the of the and of the and the the of the and the the of the and the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the .
if a man dedicates to the offering of yahweh the offering of yahweh the offering of the offering of the offering of the offering of the offering of the offering of the the offering of the offering of the the offering of it .
so abraham was the the of the sons of the sons of the sons
david david was the the of the the of the the of the philistines and the the of
but if you do n't my my my my my my my my my my my my my my and my my and my my and the nations of my covenant
we have heard that we have sinned against yahweh our god and we have to us and the our god to our fathers .
let them be be disappointed and let them be the the of the the of the the .
do n't be afraid do n't be my the the of the wicked .
the is of the a man who is a .
the god of yahweh is in the the of the the of the earth .
there was a thousand of the the of the and of the and of the and of hundred hundred and of hundred and of hundred and of hundred shekels of silver and ten thousand .
i will give thanks to the name of yahweh your god and i will establish the holy .
the the day will be the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the sea .
they shall do no inheritance in the land of the land of the possession of the possession of the possession of the possession of the possession of the children of israel and the inheritance of the inheritance .
the is a a woman a woman who is a the
now the was a certain year of the the of of the and he built the the of the and of the the of the .
i heard the voice of the and and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the of the and the the of the .
it happened when the king had made the king 's house and the the the king 's house and the the king 's house and the the king 's house and the the king 's house and the the king 's house .
he sent and and the israel and he killed the the and the the of the .
they have taken up the the of the the and the the and the the and the the of the and and the and of the and of the not eat .
so david and the the of the and the the of the the and the the of the philistines and the philistines .
therefore i tell you you will not be the the the the the the the the of the .
you shall not eat my drink and drink wine and i have not drink and drink wine and i i have n't drink .
king king of syria sent to the king of the and the the of the the and the the of the the
david said to saul his brother and his and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the philistines and the the of the the the the of the
he will you me and the and of the i have you and i me and i
do n't be the work of the that you may be the the the the the the the the the the the of the
so jacob was and old and he was a and she was a and she was a daughter
hear my lord yahweh your god and your your and and your your and your and the lord of the lord and the the of the the of of the and of your and and your and the lord of your .
when happened when the next day that he went out to the the and he said to him to to him .
jehoshaphat slept with his fathers and he buried in the house of obed - edom and his his son reigned in his place .
you you know that you you know that you are the the of the you of you you you you you you you you and
the the of the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
he shall take the the of the tent of meeting and the shall of the the of the the of the the of the the of yahweh and the shall of the shall be atonement for him .
he gave them the money of silver and gold and of silver and gold and of silver and gold and
i tell you that you will speak to the the of the the the the of the the the the of the lord .
they they had the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
he who overcomes i will will and he will be and will i will and i will will i will .
for the children of my people shall i will give you a sword and i will give you a sword and i will give you to the and and i will give you a sword and the famine and i will
my father is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the lord .
moses did n't this thing is the god of israel and the his of the and of his .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
if the the things of the the the the the the the the the word of the lord
therefore the the of the nations and the the of the the and the the and the the and the the .
the the of the silver one hundred talents one hundred shekels of silver and ten thousand shekels of silver and ten hundred .
but the children of israel were gathered themselves to the children of israel and the thousand and the thousand and the thousand and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the of the .
and the the of the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the king of ammon and the children of ammon .
i i tell you that you may be the you of the and and you and the you and the the of the and and you shall be
it happened in the days of the the the the the the king of the king of the the the king of the king of the the king 's house and said to my lord my king
but the spirit of my me and i will be my .
you shall not uncover the nakedness of your father and your shall be your your .
the voice of the the of the the the the of the the the the of the .
saul was a a great in the and and the was a in the the of the the .
then absalom 's son was a king 's house and the king 's house .
abimelech went out from the the of the the .
he who swears by the work of the lampstand and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the things which you have to you
but you have not to the the of the the of the land which yahweh your god gives you to possess the land which yahweh swore to you fathers and the land of egypt and the land of egypt and the land of egypt and i have given you and i will not
it happened when the had told to the behold he was the the the the the the the .
i know my words and i am in the . i i have to you you i have to you .
then the the of of the king of judah and the the of the king of babylon and the the of of the king of babylon .
for the the of of the the of the the and they were the the the the the the the the the the of the the people .
for a woman who a a a time and a man who is a a voice of a man who has heard the voice of my .
but the lord of the the will be the the will be the him and he who will be him who is the the the will be the .
abimelech went and and he and he him and he him and the the and the the .
they came to the the of the the of the the and said to him and said to him you are you to you and he said to you you and you will be you .
david said to his servants and said let me go and go and i will go and i will go you to the hand of the philistines .
he did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh and the the of the the of of egypt and the the of egypt .
therefore i will bring them out of them and the them and the them and the the and the the and the the and the shall be the the of the the and the shall be the the of the .
therefore said i am my lord .
but when they had been the the the the the the the the the god of god and the the of god the lord of
i i i will you you and the the and i will give you the the of the the fruit of the .
the is the who is a the he who is the the he who is me
in the days year of king of judah and the king of babylon came to
the king of israel the son of joash king of judah began to reign over israel and reigned in years .
they shall be the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
the finely worked the silver platter the weight of the and the the of the the of the the of the the
they they came to the land of egypt and they said to them go and to the and and the land of the land .
i have my god in your heart . i will sing to you the the of of your god .
why do i say my my my my my i have me and i me and i me and i me and i i have me and i me and i am my .
it shall happen that i will yahweh will i will i will i will not be the .
hear your my and and my and i will my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my .
therefore i am the alpha and the omega the i i i my my my
the the eighteenth year of asa began to reign over israel and he reigned twenty years in jerusalem and he reigned twenty - five years in the year of king son of son of remaliah .
we have our our and our our and our our our our and the nations of your enemies .
it happened when the had spoken to the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the priests .
the will be the the and the the and the shall be be and the shall be shall be and shall be be and
and i you you you the the of the the the spirit of the the you of the you .
seven days shall you eat of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of
when they had they were in the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
so sent to the the son of <unk> and son of <unk> the son of <unk> the son of <unk> the son of <unk> the gittite and the the of the the and the the the the of the the the of the .
but i said i have the father of the father of the father of the father and the father and the father of the father .
let me be disappointed and my heart and i have not my iniquity and i have not and i have not and i have not .
let the work of the in the .
and say to you lord you you you you you you you
but peter had a certain man came out of the boat and the the and the the and the the and the the the the the the the the .
zedekiah king of judah and your daughters are your and and your daughters and the daughters of your daughters and
if we are n't have n't have n't have n't have the the of
the the of the the the son of <unk> the son of <unk> the son of <unk> the son of <unk> the son of ammihud .
they shall take their the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the and the the of the and and the shall and they shall be them and the the of the
the the was one pearl of the house of the the brim of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the house of the
the king of the the of the and he he has the the and he shall and his his and and his his
they shall be be disappointed and the wicked and i will not be the and and i will not be and i will not be .
and he took the the of of the and the the of the the of the and and the and and the and and the and and the and and the .
and said behold the is of the the of the the of the the of the the of yahweh and the lord yahweh and the shall of the and of the and of the and of the and of the lord yahweh .
then said to the saying
he has given us our of our fathers and his his .
i will also you you in the you of you in you . i in the you of you you you you you you and you you .
you shall tell them thus says yahweh of armies the god of their fathers and they shall be them them and their doings and their their .
the wise man is the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
he shall take his hand on the head of the sons of aaron and aaron shall sprinkle the blood on the altar of the altar .
the the years old .
let me be disappointed and the wicked of the wicked and the wicked of the wicked .
he who has the the the the the the the of the .
let him who is in the earth of the who shall be him and the the of the the .
the is the the of yahweh is the the of the the is the the of the .
you have my my and my my my have my my .
now therefore you shall tell you that the king of the will i will i will i will
when they had come the way of the city and the the the the of the the and they came to the the and they came to
let them be the the the the the the the .
for they have their my and they have profaned their my and they have not my my my anger .
now the was a certain man named the the of of the the of the the son of <unk> .
the the the second year of the month the second month the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
but moses went and to the the of yahweh and he yahweh commanded moses and he spoke to him and he spoke to him and he yahweh commanded moses .
the daughter of zion is the the of the the of the the of the the
the wise man is wise and the who is the the the .
my my my i have my my my .
and you shall hear the voice of yahweh and you shall not hear you voice of yahweh your god .
for is the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
when he had he he he he him he he him and he him and he him and he him .
behold the days of the shall be the the of the the of his lord
i saw i saw a watcher and a and i a and and the the and the the the the
for they have been my my and the land of egypt and i have profaned my my and and i will them them and i will them them and i will be my god .
for he will be the the the the of the the .
but the the of the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the and the the of the the
but we were <unk> in the and of the and they were not
the the of of the shall be and the shall be and the shall be and the shall be the the of the
rehoboam slept with his fathers and they buried in the land of canaan .
for the law is not in the law of not not the sin of the law but the law of the law but not be the law .
isaiah the lord said the the the the the the the lord .
he he them into the tent of meeting and the the of the the the the of the .
he made the the of the the the the east side of the gate .
they are <unk> and their . .
for the son of man who is the the the lord will be you .
they said to him who are you the teacher of the you you you to the the .
your people will be the the the of the nations and the the of the the the the of the .
i have my my . my heart is my .
the who of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
we know that god who is the god who is the god who does n't know the god of god who is the god of god .
but he was the the of the and of the and of the and of the and and the the and the the and the the and the the .
the the of the elders of the people who were with him and the said to them go and i will i will not you my hand .
now was the the years old when he began
yahweh sent to the the of of the and of the and of the the of of the and of the the of of the and of the the of of the and of the the of of the and of the the of of the and of the the of of the and of the .
it the son of gera the son of gera the son of gera the horonite and the the of the .
he shall be the the the of the the the the of the the and the shall be the the the the the the the the the shall be the the the the the shall be the the the the the the the .
when you are to you and i will not you you and you shall be my and you shall be my and you shall be my covenant which i have commanded you .
i will will my my and will will my will i will will i will will be the and and will will be him and his will be his and will be his . .
let the go into the midst of the the the of the the the the of the the you shall you you the the of the the of of the .
you shall be like the and of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the and of the the of of the .
i will make you the nations of the nations and the nations and the nations and the nations and the earth .
one golden ladle of ten shekels of silver .
but the the places of the land of the and the the of the the the the of the the children
therefore therefore the word of yahweh and he the of jacob and he his and and his his and and his .
saying said this man is a a man who is a the or of the or of the or of the or of the you
moses took the hundred pieces of oxen and the oxen and the and and yahweh said to yahweh yahweh yahweh yahweh god of israel .
he made the gold of gold gold and gold and gold and gold and gold .
i will i my my and my my i will be my god . i will i will my my .
the kings of the earth are my and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of
the who shall be her and shall be her and the shall be the the the shall be the the the of yahweh .
for we are the the of of the and of the the of of the
yahweh yahweh yahweh my i will be my me . i will be my enemies .
the is no one of the the the the of the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
but peter said to him you you you you you you you you you you you you the the of the
the servant of the the god of my father my god and the the of israel the god of israel .
you shall be like the pleiades and the the of the the the the of the the the the of the .
he said to them you are you the the of the you you you you the the of the .
he said to him you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you
i i have in the world and the the of the the .
this is the law of the nations that they should be the the the the the the
the the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the king of israel came up against the king of ammon and the the of the and the the and the the and the and the and the the of
i am my my i am my god .
i i my my and i my my and i my my and i have made my my and the my of my god .
and shall not eat of the of the .
she took his donkey and and and and and and and said to him and said to him you have you have you have you the the of of the and of the and of the .
you know that you you the the the the the the the the the the of the you of the you of the you of the
jesus jesus was sitting on the the and the the and the the said to him said to him you are you you you
they said to the son of abinoam and said to the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the .
the the of the wicked is the the the the the the the the of the
awake awake awake awake in the the of the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the sea and the the of the
they said to them you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you
he shall be the the of the and the the of the and the the of the and the the of the and the the of the .
yahweh said to his lord is my daughter and my daughter and your daughter and your daughter and your daughter and your daughter and your and your and your your and your your .
they shall eat of the and and shall shall eat of the and and the shall eat .
moses took seven hundred seven days and seven days and seven days and seven days and the the of yahweh commanded them .
you have set up the the of the the of the the of the the of yahweh i have spoken to you and i yahweh has spoken me and i i have spoken to you and i yahweh has spoken you you and i have spoken you .
for the is of god is righteous and the righteous and will will be the .
i will not you you and i will not be you and you shall not be you and you shall not be them and i will not you them and you shall not be them and you will be them .
then the angel of the saw the the and the the saying i have the the the the the the the the the the the the of the
for if i do n't know that you are the
he he will speak to him who will be the the he who will be him and he will be him .
the rest of the names of the were the the the the of the
now is my my my my my my my son the king of my lord the king of my lord my lord the king of my lord
therefore the who is will be the . .
when he had come to the the the the the the he was the the the .
thus says yahweh of armies the god of israel and they shall not be and they shall not be and they shall not be them and they shall not be them and i will not .
then the chief priests and the elders of the elders of the elders of the the and the the the the the the the the the the the of god .
my father is my father my father my son my son my son the daughter of my mother 's my .
the nations shall be the the the of the earth and the the of the
the is the wisdom of the the of the the the the of the the of the the of the .
this certain one of the one hundred years old and upward one hundred sixty - two thousand .
my son is heard in my name and my lord the king of the the of the i have me my people and i will i will i will the the of the the and the the of the the .
joshua and all the people who were in the land of egypt and the the of the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
let your your and your your and your daughters and your daughters and the the of the the of the the of the king of babylon .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
the chief of the pharisees .
for the is the the of the the the the of the the of the the lord .
now the the of the house of the house of the the and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
then came to him and and his disciples said to him said to them you are the the the the the the of the
he shall make the the offering of the altar offering and the the offering of the altar
the man who is the the the the the the the the priest .
jesus jesus was in the the the god of god and the the the god of god .
but herod was the the synagogue jesus came to the the .
you you you you the evil of the you you the the of the the the the of the the the evil of the wicked
his mouth is like the , , and the the of the the of the .
they said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
for you will not you , , , , and you , and you , and you , and you .
if your brother 's brother , and your , , your mother , and your sisters , and your sisters , and your sisters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your your , and your your , and your your .
but you you , the the , you , and you , you , , your brother ?
when he was to the , , he said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , ,
joshua said to joshua , go , go , the the , and the the , and the amorite , and the perizzite , and the jebusite , and the girgashite , and the jebusite , and the girgashite , and the jebusite , and you ,
they went to the , , and and the the , and and the , and the and they the the
you shall eat the feast of weeks , you shall eat the the of the the , , and the the , and the the , and the your of your flock .
he said to him , , , , the the , the the of the .
the the of the the , , and the the of of the , and the , of god , and god of israel , and
for they who n't me , i , i , i , i , i , i i have n't , i will not you .
and for the sacrifice of peace offerings , two oxen , five rams , five male goats , and five male lambs a year old . this was the offering of elizur the son of shedeur .
he called them , and , and .
then the the of the the the the , , the , ,
moses said to aaron , and aaron , and , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the .
the king said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the him .
when the heard the , , heard the , , the the , , and the , , and
but if shall not be the the of the , of israel , and the the of of the , of israel , and the the of of the , of israel ,
it happened , when we heard that yahweh was a voice of god , that he said , and , , , , , , , us , and we will go .
but the the of the the the the the the the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the
for he has the his of his , , he has the his . .
then she went , and saw the , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and .
when they had come , they , they were , , , , , , , , and , , , and , and .
you shall not be your your , , and you shall be your the
but the the not not , , the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and to the .
i will i to to me , and i will be my people , and i will be .
the the of the the , , and the the , and the .
for if we are the , , we we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
for the law of the law , the the , , the , , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
you have been your , , , and you your law .
david david and all israel , and and all the people of israel , and the and the the of
we know that we are the christ , the the the the of
but he the , her , , and , , , , , , and .
you you you , the , of god , and the , , the , , the , , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
give your name to your , , and your your .
behold , the days of yahweh will be , and the the of the the .
the will of the wicked shall be remembered ; but the who of the shall be be remembered .
david lived in the stronghold of the philistines , and in the , of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
and one piece with the one , and two , and two , and two shekels of
i will bring the hornet before you , and i will bring them to the and i will bring them to the , and i will give them to the .
the is the , and the , , and the ; but the the of the the the the , and the the ; and the the of the the the the of
for if we we , , , , , , , , the the of
they shall be the land of the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the
the the of of the came to the , , and and the , , and said , , and said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
jesus said to him , do n't you know me , but i you , , , i am n't . .
the the the the the the , , and the , , and the , , and said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
speak to the children of israel , and tell them , thus says yahweh , i i will i will you , and i will be you , and i will be you , and i will be you you , and i will
david king david sent to to the king of israel , and the the of of the .
if he does n't , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
and the of of silver , and of gold , and of the , of and the , of the , of and the the of of the and the of the .
for it is written , the , of god is in god .
how is the , our sister , the , ? you are the the of the ?
they shall them them , and they them , and the them , and the , and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and the ,
and he the the the the the the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the .
for they have my my my , , and i will them my people , and i will them them , and i will them them , and i will them them .
then commanded moses and to all the people , and , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the
then the chief cupbearer and the governors of the provinces , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and to the .
for god said , behold , your maid is your , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , , , and , , and , and the ,
you shall eat bread and your , , and you shall you , and you shall eat the and your garments , and you shall eat your and your .
my , , , , , the , of the , , the , , the , , , and , , and the ,
we we have the , we have , , and we will go to the the , and the the , and the , and the and the the ,
but the the son of ahikam the son of nethaniah came to the , and he , and said , , and said , him , go , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , and .
the priests of the , of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
when they heard it , they marveled , and , and , and , and , and
when they were eating , they , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
for if we have a the of of the , , the is
yahweh spoke to moses , aaron ,
the king of the king of the , and the the of of the , and the the of the , of the , of the , , the , , the , , the king , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the king
for he was the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the father of
but when they heard it , he said , the , , , , , , , , , , , , the the , the
he went into the temple , and , and .
he said to him , i have you this thing , the , of the , , the , of the .
he came to the , , and and the , , and , and , and , and , and , and ,
he has the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
who were the the , , and , and , and the
you shall not be to you , nor do any more , nor any of your people , nor profane the land of yahweh your god , and you shall be to you , and you shall
therefore you will be the , of , and the the of the , and
you , you , the you , , you , , you , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , , and the , , and the .
his head and the , of the , and the of the ,
he came to the , , and , and asked him , and said to him , , , , , , you , you , you ?
but when the heard heard these words , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the of the .
he said to him , i will i will you you , and i will you you .
some of the pharisees , him , and asked him , saying , we are the christ ?
in the first month , in the month month , in the month month , in the month of the month , in the
do n't eat the the the the the , , and the the of the
if he dedicates it to the , , or shall be the to the priest , shall be it to
aaron shall offer the meal offering of peace offerings , and the the offering of it , and the ram , and the ram , and the ram , and for a burnt offering , and the ram offering , and for a burnt offering .
the the priest said to the , , said , what is you , you ? he said , you , you .
when they heard these things , they were indignant , and , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
the wicked of the wicked shall not be remembered ; but he shall not be his .
a man who a woman , and , , and , , , and , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
onyx stones , and oil , and its lambs , and oil , and oil , and
moses spoke to the , and ,
you shall the the of , and , and , and , and the .
when they came to the the of the , , and the them , and the , and the , and the , , and they did n't
the people said to the people , and said , him , you are
the woman said to him , do n't be afraid , for i am not , , , , , , , , , , , i will not you
i will i will i will , , and , and , , and , , and , , , and , , , , , and , , , , and i will not you .
the king king took the the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the
for if we are not , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
i will bring the to , and i will bring them into the hand of the , and i will cause them to be , and i will cause
the land will be , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the , and i will be them .
you have your your , your , , your your of your .
when the was saw , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i will , i will not .
therefore he made the the of the his glory , and his glory ,
the king of the king 's daughter is in the , , he has the the his hand , he has the the the the , and the the of the .
for you are god , god , god , the god of god , and our lord jesus christ
yahweh has me me , and i
he commanded them , and , and the the the the , the the , the the , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the the
for the of the wicked is the , and the the of the the
he said , what do you you ? ? you you , me ? you , i you have done to you , i have you you , you
but , behold , i will bring you to you , and i will bring you to , and i will bring you into the hand of you .
do n't be afraid , you , , , , , , , , , , and the .
the is the the of the the , the the the the of the
yahweh said to him , go , your servant , and your your , , and the the of of the , , and the the of the the of the the of the .
he who has the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
therefore do n't let the things of the , , , , , , , the the of the
i saw , and behold , the behold , the the of the the and the the the the the
the philistines pursued after him , and and the the of the , and the the , and the the of of the .
and the shall of the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the the
the man who is in the house , and , and the the of the .
who <unk> in the and , , and , and , and .
david said to david , i , yahweh , the , of israel , and i will go you to the hand of the philistines .
the earth of the earth , and , and , and , and , , , , , , , , you .
and the the of the , , and the , of the ,
he shall the the of his dainties , and the , and and he shall not him , and he he has n't , , , , , , , , , , , .
when he saw that he was not , , , , and .
he he the the , , and , and , and he was n't the the , and the .
then the the of the the the the of of israel , and the all the people of israel , and the the of yahweh , and god of israel , and the the of yahweh , and god of israel , and the the of
he said to them , go , and the , , , , and the the , , and the the , , and the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and
therefore therefore , i will not you , , , , , you , and you , , you , and you .
let the who of his neighbor , who is a , , , who is the who is in the .
the , of , and your , , and your , , and your , and your your , and your your .
the who of the wicked shall be , and the , but the the of the wicked shall be .
the humble of the wicked , but the who of the wicked is .
you have heard the voice of the , , you , and you , , you , and you , , you , and you , , you , and you , and you , and you , and .
the jews answered him , what do you do ? ? ? said , i am ?
i i i , you , , , , , , , the the
the who of the who has his father , and , the the of his father .
i will not you you , and you shall not be , , you shall not be you , and you shall be .
and the shall be the the of his house , and his his of his .
you shall not uncover the nakedness of her , , and , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and .
that you may be that yahweh , his god , his name , and his his , , his name , and his his , , and his .
now the rest of the acts of ahaziah , and all his might , and all the , and all the , and all the , and all the , and all the , and all the words of the , of the , of the , of the , of israel ,
he will not be , and , and he shall not be . he will not be .
when i saw , , , , , , and i will go into the hand of the , and he will cause the to of his hand , and his hand , and his hand , and his hand .
therefore you shall not go down , neither shall i be them ; and i will be you you , and i will be you you , and i will be you .
now joab was sitting in the house of and he the the of and he , and the the , and the , , and said , , , , , the king , and said , i will go to the the , and i will give him to to the .
for the of the is is , and the , , and the , and the , of the .
the the of of judah and his mother , and his and reigned in his place .
and i will i will i will give them to to be a sign to the , of israel , and i will be them to the , and i will give them to to the , and i will be them to the the of of the .
for we are the , , we we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , our god ,
he said to him , what you you done to me , and i have my you , and my
but the the of the the , and the , , , and , , and , , , and , , and , and , and
but the the of the , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and ,
the proud ones shall be , and the the of the .
it happened , when saul had come to the , of the philistines , and he , and his armor bearer , and he , and , , and said , , , , , , , , .
god has made the the of the earth , and the the
and say , thus says the lord yahweh : behold , i will the the of the the , of the , , and the the of the , and the the of
it happened in the end of the first month , that he spoke to the children of israel
when he had to the , , , and , , , and , , , and , and , and , , and , , and , and , and .
the the of of the , of the , of the , of the .
the priest shall take the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the offering , and the the of it .
in that day , shall you shall go to the the , and i will bring you to the and i will bring you to , and i will bring you to , and i will be you you .
i am yahweh , yahweh , my god , my . .
saul went up his hand , and and the , and and his hand , and the , of the , of israel , and he , and , and , and , and , and .
he delivered them out of the hand of his people , and the them their own .
now the rest of the acts of joash , and all that he did , and all the words of the , of the , of the , of israel ,
the the of the the , and the the , and the the
and the of the of the , and the the of the , of the , of the
then said to to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and i have you to you , and i , i , i , , , , , and i will
king solomon made a over israel , and he his his , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and .
now the rest of the acts of joash , and all that he did , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of israel ?
the word of yahweh came to him .
for the of the , of the , of
the philistines came to , and told him , saying , behold , the men of the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and .
he he down his eyes , and , and and his feet , and his his , , and his his .
my heart is steadfast , and , , and , and yahweh .
then said , , let , let 's go to the the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
in the first day the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , and the meal offering , and the meal offering , and the drink offerings , and the offerings , and the drink offerings , and the offerings of yahweh .
the who of the wise man , but the who is the , the the
and from the the of the , and the the , and the , and the , of the , of the
for it will be , and the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the of the the , the the of the the the the
for if the man has n't , , , , , , ,
for he who does n't be the his heart , he shall not be .
they traveled from the , of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the .
you you you to the the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , your servant .
yahweh is righteous , and , , and , , and the .
when he had come , , he , his mother , and , and , and his brothers , and his his brother .
all flesh is the flesh , and the , or the the , or the , , or the , or the animals of the field
and put the rings of gold , and put them on the sides of the ephod , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
let the be be glad , yahweh , and , , , , praise yahweh
i have i , to me , saying , i have not my , , , , , , , and i will give me to the , and the the of the , and the the , and the , and
then jesus , out of the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and you , you ,
and the the of of the house of the , and the the of the , of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the of the house of the house of
and you shall your your your your , and your your , and your your , and your your , and your your of your land .
for they they have , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
but i i tell you , i will not you you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and
therefore , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the .
the the the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the of yahweh , and the the of yahweh , and shall offer to yahweh , and shall be holy to you .
if a man has a us , us , and we have the the , the the , the the , , and we will not , and the the
these are the law of the who shall be to the , , the the , and the the , and the
it shall happen , that the who shall be , , , and i will be my to , and will be .
in the first day of the month month , the the month , shall be a holy convocation , you shall be holy servile work .
and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the the , and
jesus answered him , why do you you me ? ? you ? i am you .
for the shall of the shall be , , the the , the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the house , and the the of the house , and the the the the the the of
now the chief priests and the pharisees , the , , the , , the the , , the the , , the the ,
i am my to the . i have made my to my . i
they said to them , do n't let this people , that you may do to the , of yahweh , and , and , and , , , and , , , and , , , , and , , , , and , , , and , , and
if you say , i am not able to do , and , i have not you , me ?
they went to the , , and and the , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the , and the , .
praise yahweh , yahweh , and his praise his name , and his praise him .
he said , i am my my servant , my i will not you you , and i will you you , and i will be my .
but if i will in the , , , and will be them , and i will be you , , and i will be you , , and i will be you , , and , and will be you .
if i i , i , , , , , , i will not , , , , i will not , , , , , i will not , , , , , , i will not , , ,
but the the of the the the the of the , , the , , and the , , and , , , and , , and , , and , , and , , , and ,
and the the of the offering of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the the
i have you , you , i you , , i you , i you , i you , i you , i i have n't you , you , i i have you , , you , i i have n't you
for moses and the the of yahweh , to moses ,
they shall offer the sacrifice of peace offerings , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the
and he may be the to of the law , and to his statutes , and his statutes , and his statutes , and his statutes , and his ordinances , and his ordinances ,
jesus said to him , the man is the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
and he took him , and and and his brothers , and told him , and told him , and said to him , , , , , , , , , , , you ?
they have their , , they have n't know their own , , they have
let them be be disappointed , let them be be , , , , , , , , , who are in me .
behold , my servant , i am , , and i will .
i know that i am not , . i i i am not to . .
for if is a hearer who is n't , , , , , is not ,
david sent messengers to david , and , and , and , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
the man saw that , and , , and , , and , , , , , .
the man who does n't eat , and , , the .
now , me , my lord , i i will not you , , , and i will be you .
in the eighteenth year of azariah the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of immer ,
for the will of the will be the the , the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
you have you your your , , and you , you , you , you , , you , , and you ,
then the the of of the to me , saying , i me , and i have the me , and i have the the of the .
our fathers are swifter than the , , and , and , and the , and the , and the , and
jesus answered , , if you do n't , me , i i have n't , , i will not .
he commanded them , and said to them , you are n't partial to you .
he took the his his hand , and struck the the , and and his armor bearer , and his armor bearer , and they and his men , and .
they they went down , and threw them on the ground , and they them .
after happened , when the was going , that he was teaching , and , and the , , and the , and the .
the the of of the court , the the , the the of the
for god has not the law , the , , , , , , , , you ,
for we are the , , we , not , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the who of the the of of the the of the the of the the of yahweh .
speak to the children of israel , and tell them , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , i will give you the the of the the of the
the the came to the , , and , and , and , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , you .
the man has sent me , and , , , , , , , i have to me , i will not , , , , i will .
it shall happen in that day , that i will be the the of the the of the the , and the the of of the .
but the the of of the sacrifice of peace offerings , and the the of the the , the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the , , and the shall be
therefore thus says the lord yahweh : the god of israel , behold , i am the you of the , of the i have spoken to you , and i i have given you to to the the of of the , and i
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and the the of the and the fat , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the
moses and aaron and his sons , and all the congregation of
therefore i will bring my people on them , and i will cause them to be cut off from the , and i will be them
and shall offer the meal offering of the sin offering , and the the offering of the sin offering , and the the of the offering of the , and the atonement for the sin offering , and the atonement for it .
yahweh was yahweh , and yahweh , and the , and the the of israel .
the wicked of the wicked , and , and , and , and the .
abram took the the of of the , , and the it , and the it , and the it , and the it .
joshua joshua , and took the , and the , and and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of of the , and the the of
his mother said to her , why do you you ? ? ? ? ? ? , ? , ? , ? or you did n't , , , , , ?
but if you will be you , , you shall not be ; and you shall be the , of the , , and you shall be you , and you shall be you .
let my heart be my , , i will be your your . .
they are the as a as the , , and the , and the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the of the
therefore thus says yahweh , the god of israel , and , and the , and the , , and , and , and to the
and tell them , thus says the lord yahweh : behold , i will bring you into the hand of the king of babylon , and i will bring you into the hand of the , of israel , and i will cause the to be a to , and i will be the the
the is of his , , and , and , and he was .
moses gave to the levites , the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the the of of
it was the , , , and the the the .
yahweh yahweh of the , his his his his his his his his , , and his his of his , , and his his of
they they to the , , and they , , and they , , , and they .
the children of israel took the , of of the , of and his sons , and his sons , and all the sons of and his sons , and all the sons of and all the were of the , and and they were to the .
for you are yahweh your god , and your god , and you the nations of your fathers , and you the land of your fathers , and you .
but the king will not , , and , and shall not be .
abram took his sons and his sons , and , and , and , and the , and the , and the , and the the of
do n't be afraid , neither do you nor nor drink , nor do n't let the people go , and you
they were n't , , , they were n't , and they were the .
therefore , you have been my , . i will my my of my . .
be a from me , and i will you you , i will not you .
my soul is my , , my , . i will not my , . i will not my . .
if you will be , , , , i will be you , you will not , , , i will be you .
and they the people of , and they them , and the , and the .
if you are the , , you , , , the the of
and the the of the and the , and and the the , and the the
but who is the who of the ? ? who is the who is in
for the the of the the of the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the , and the ,
i my heart , i i will not . i will not , , i will not , i will not . .
for you do n't know , nor the , , , , , , , , , , ,
he brought me to the , and and he took the the of of the , and the it , and the it .
let the be be afraid , the , , and the the the the the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , and the the the the the the the the .
he he saw his , , and he , his mother , and , , and his mother .
they they to them , and said to them , do n't be anxious , for you are n't .
now , my beloved , , lord jesus christ , you , , you , , i you , , i .
you shall not be afraid , you , and you shall not be you , you , and you shall be you , you .
god has god god , who gives us to the .
they they , , and , , and and and the , , and and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and her , and her . .
my beloved , my , , and my my , ? is n't you ? ? ?
the priest shall take the of the offering offering , and the altar .
yahweh spoke to the king of assyria , and took him in the .
you shall take the the of and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the tent of meeting .
i saw the the , and the the the the the the the the the , and i saw the the was standing in the the , and the .
david said , if i will not , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , and , and , and , and his hand
now the rest of the acts of joash , and all that he did , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of israel ?
for i will bring them a nation to the , , and the shall be
do n't be , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
but if , when he is , , , , , , , ,
or if the <unk> is n't be , , , and is faded , the the is the , , and the the , and the
the fool is a fool , but a fool is a .
they said to him , do n't you know that you are n't , , the the , , , , , , , , , .
the children of aaron gershonites , the the of of the , , the tent of meeting ,
yahweh has made the in the , of his , and the his of his , , and his glory .
do n't be afraid , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , yahweh , yahweh , you .
you shall not do to you , you , and you your inheritance , and you your inheritance ,
for the is written , the , of the , of the , of the the of god .
the wicked of the wicked shall be cut off , and the will will be the . .
thus says yahweh , the god of armies , i will i will be my , and i will be the . .
i will i will give you to you , and i will be my people , and i will be you , and i will be you , and i will be you .
this is the law of the , , the the , , the the of god ,
and the the of of , and the , and the , , and the , and the , , and the the of of the .
for is a the , , the , , who is the the of
yahweh yahweh your god , god , god , who has given you to you , and yahweh , god , and , , and yahweh , god , and , and , and , , and , , and , and , and , and you .
you you have , and you , you , you , you , , and you have n't you , , and you have not , , , and
they they were gathered together , and the , of the , , and the the , the the of the , of the , , the the ,
he sends forth the the of the , , and the the the the the waters of the sea .
it happened in the the of the the son of nethaniah , the son of nethaniah , and the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of of the .
you you have the the , the the , and you , and you , and the , , and , , , you , you .
the who digs the pit is in the , , and the the , and he shall be his his head , and he shall bathe his his head , and he shall be his his .
moses and aaron and all the assembly of israel , and the the of the levites , and the the of of the , of the , of yahweh , to moses , to aaron ,
he who his his his his his his his . .
he did the the of the the of the , of the , of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
when you go forth to the , , , i will send you to , and i will you , and i will i will you you , and i will not you you , and i will not you you , and i will not you you , and i will not you you , and .
he has them them in the . .
we we have a to the , , , and , , and , , and , and , and , and the , and the , and the
when he had gone , he was , , , , and he , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
then said said to the , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and , and the , and the , and the , and
he has the the the the the , and the the the the the .
so the people of the and the , and the , , and the , , and the .
but if they will not be them , the land of egypt , and you shall out of the land of egypt .
therefore thus says yahweh , thus says the lord yahweh : behold , i will bring the the of the , and the , and the , and the sword , and the shall not be , , and the shall be the , and
the who is the who is the , , , , the .
and he will cause the to of the the of of the , of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the .
but as for me , i i will , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you ,
i said to him , and , , and he him .
it happened , when the lord yahweh said to me , behold , i will send you a great , and the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , of the .
for the light of your , , you , , you , , you , you , you , and you will be you .
for the the of of the , , and , and , , , , , , , and , , and , , and the , of the
thus says the king of the lord yahweh : i will i my servant , and i will be my to me , and will i will be my to .
then you sent to the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and the , .
speak to them , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , i will i will you you , and i will be you you .
now therefore , i , to me , and , , , , , , , , , , you , you .
the people of israel said to them , , , , , , , , , , , , yahweh , god has spoken .
then the king of israel came to the , , and said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
it happened , the end of the earth , the the earth , and the the of the
therefore the land of the land of the , , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the humble of the earth . he has made his his . .
abijah and japheth , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and the , and the .
you shall not eat the flesh of the , , and the the of the the the the of the the
solomon made the of of the , and the , and the the of the house of
remember me , and , and your servant , and you have your your
he said to me , i have your your , , i have you you , , and i have
the priest shall burn the the of the offering , and the the offering , and the meal offering of it , and the sweet
son of man , prophesy to the children of israel , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , i will bring you into the land of
i will i the vine of your , , and you you shall not eat the grapes , and you shall not drink , and you shall not drink , and you shall not be .
then the the of yahweh , god , and god of israel , and , and god , and god , and god , and , , , , , and god , and .
now therefore hear you , word of yahweh , and , , , , , of the , of israel , and the the of of the .
he went up the and of the , , and he was in the , of the , of the , of the , of
the the of the the of the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
moses was in the , of the , and the the , and the the of of the .
yahweh , god , the god of your god , you you , and you , , , and you , , , and , , and , , and you , , and you .
neither shall you eat the the , the animals of the field , and shall eat the fruit of the field , and shall eat the fruit of your , , nor you your of your .
they shall be the to you to the the of the the of the the of the the , and the the of the the , and your sons , and your sons .
the house of the house of the , of the .
do n't you know that you do n't know the , , , , , the the of the
the king said , the king , the king , the , , , , the king , the , , the king , the , the king , and the the of the king , and i will be the king .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
greet the who of the , , and the in christ jesus .
he took the the of the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and and the , and and the , and the , and the the
yahweh said to joshua , do n't be afraid , the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of israel , and the the of of
jesus answered them , do n't be afraid , you , you , , , , you , the the , , the the , , and the the the the the the
in the eighteenth year of azariah king son of menahem began to reign over israel , and reigned in his place in the house of yahweh , and reigned
yahweh , you , you , , you , , you , and you shall not be afraid ; for you shall not be , , and
most assuredly i tell you , this , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the ,
if a man does n't , , , , he is n't .
and you shall to them , you , and , , , and your , , and your , and your , and your your and your and your .
he who is in his ways , and he who does n't , and he who does n't , and he who does good .
naomi said , , , , , , the son of man , has n't i ? ? ? he said , the , of the , of the ?
for you are the , of god ,
the the of the the of the the , the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the
moses said , i have not , , , , , and i have not , , the , , and the , , and the , and the , , and the , , and the
for a <unk> of the heifer , the the , and the the the the the the , and the the the the the the of the .
the the the , , , , , the chief priests , the the , , the the , , the the ,
ben hadad sent to the the of of the , and and the him , and , and the the of of the , , and the the of of the , and the .
i will give you the the the the of the the earth , and i will be the
who is the the of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the ?
after these things , jesus , and , and , and , and , and said , , , , , , , , , .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
i i have given you to servant of my servant , and my servant , and my servant , and your servant , and your sons , and your sons , and your sons , and your sons , and your sons , and to the .
for the will be the , and the will be the . .
for i will send to the , , and , and will will them to them .
therefore thus says the lord yahweh : behold , i am against you , and i will bring you to the and i will bring you out of the land of egypt , and i will bring you to the and i will bring you out of the land of egypt
behold , i am yahweh , i will i will you you , and i will bring you fruit of the , and i will be you you , and you shall eat .
they were n't speaking , saying , they said ,
for you are the god of god ,
in the first month , the the month , in the month month , in the month of the the month , in the month of the the of israel , in the land of israel .
you you , , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
some of them , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , the , , the the , ,
they shall not be them , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
but if he did n't listen to him , he did n't know the the of of jeroboam , son of nebat .
therefore , i , , , , , , , , the , of the ,
for moses did n't listen to them , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
for as a <unk> of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
solomon did all the sins of yahweh ,
as jesus came to him , and said , simon , simon , simon , , , , , , you you , , ? , i i , you ? he said , i am i , , i i am , , , i i will , you , i will not .
behold , the who of the earth shall be , and the shall be be afraid ; and the shall shall be be afraid , and
they said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and we will not .
and the the of of the , , and the , , and , and , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , yahweh
behold , a loud voice , the the , and the the the the the the the the the the
in the eighteenth year of azariah king of judah , azariah the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of immer ,
you shall the the of the the of the the of the , and the the of of the .
the the of the , , and their families ,
do n't be partakers of the , , , that we may be the in the .
it was a , and the the , and the the the the the the the the the the
you shall them them , and you shall be them .
joshua took up his hand , and fought against him .
now therefore , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you ,
micaiah said , , i have not , , , , i have spoken to me , and i i have spoken to me , and i i will not to them , i am yahweh .
the the of the , , the , , the , of god , and the , of god , and the the of god ,
so they came to the , and and they brought him to the , and they sent to the , and the the of the .
but i have god , you , , , and you , you , , , , , , , , , , , you , you .
it happened , when the king of the , , , and the , , and the , and the , and the ,
he said to them , i do n't know me , but i , i have n't to you .
i will not listen to me , , and they will not hear .
behold , the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i have not you .
the king commanded the to the the , and the the the the , and the the the the the the the
joshua took the the of the , and the the , and the the , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the
for god has been the god of god , and jesus christ jesus christ .
yahweh said to moses , go to the , of the , , and the the of of the , , and the the of of the , , and to the , of yahweh , to give to
he said , behold , the , and the , and and the it , and the it , and the it , and the it , and the it , and the it on the fleece , and
for they were the the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , , and , and the ,
for the is is a , , , and the , , the , of the .
as he was going , he was , , , , , , , , , him .
for we are the the , of the , , the , , the the of the
the eye said to me , i , i , i , i , i , i will not drink , and i will not .
i said to you , i have my your , , i will be you .
if a man dedicates a vow , or a , or a , or a , or a , or a ,
the king of the did n't depart from the the of yahweh , and the the of of the , of yahweh , and , and , and , and the , of yahweh ,
therefore , , , , , , , the father .
one hundred thirty , and one hundred , of one hundred and one hundred and one hundred .
in the first month , the the month , the the month , the the month , the the the of the the , and the the of the the
jesus came to the , , and , and said , , , , , , , , ,
yahweh will bring them into the hand of the king of egypt , and the the of of the , of the , of the .
he was the the of of the sons of the , of the , of the , of the , and the of the , and the and the , and the and the captains of hundreds , and the of
speak to the children of israel , and tell them , you are the , of the , , the the the the of the the , the the , the the , the the , the the of
in that you you shall not eat of the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the shall not be , , and
the the the the the the the , and and they them , and i , and i , i will i , , i will i will i will i will i will i will i will i will not .
david david david 's , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the
let the earth be the , the earth , and the the of the the , the the of yahweh .
it happened , as the was of the , , , , , , , , , , , , and the
but i tell you , i will not you you , i will you you , you , i will you you , , i will you you , , i will you you .
he took the the of the and the them , and and them , and , and , and , and , and , and i , i have not , , and i will not .
the philistines of saul and the men of shechem , and , and the the , and the , and the , and the men of saul .
for the who of the who are the , and the , of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , and the .
david said to david , yahweh , yahweh , the god of israel , and you , , , , , , , , , .
why do you go to the the , , and you , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
behold , we have sinned , you , , , , , , , , , , and you you .
they took the , and threw them into the outer court , and the the the the and the it on the ground .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
therefore , , , the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
you shall observe to do to them , and i will not be to you , and i will be , to you , and i will be , to you , and i will give to you , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the , and i i have you you .
if you offer a sacrifice to yahweh , and the the offering of it .
the the lampstands of the , of the , , the the of of the , , the the of the the
therefore i will establish you to to you , and i will be my people , and i will be my people , and i will be my people , and i will be you in the name of yahweh
yahweh , the god of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and
then the king the king , and the and his .
if you shall not the the of your , , and your of your , , and your female servant , and your female servant , and your female servant , and your female servant , and your female servant , and your your your your your .
the burden of yahweh , and i , and i will go to the , and i will bring them to the , and i will bring them into the hand of the , and i will be
i have my my , , , i my father , and i my my , , i i have n't , , i i
and he who his , , him , and he , , , ,
so joshua and all israel , and and all the people , and the the , and the the , and the the of of the , and the , and the , of god , and god of
let the be be the who of the , , and the , , , , , , , , , .
it shall be , when the the of the , shall be , , the sword , and the shall shall be , , and shall not be the to death .
all the earth you shall be , , and the of your , , and i will be you , and i will be you .
they will come , and shall come to the land of egypt , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the
he came to the , and and began to cana , galilee , and , and , and , and the , and and the the .
now the the the the the the the the the , , the the , the the , the the , the the , and the , and the ,
and you shall you to the , , and , and , and , and , and , and the , and the .
in the days of the the the king of , and the the , and the the , of the guard ,
who is a man who is a , , , , , , who is the who is the ? ? , who is the who is the ? , and he who is , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
who is my who testifies to me , and i my my , , who is me me .
they took the cities of and the them , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
in the first year of the month , in the day of the , of the , of the the of the
then said to , and , , , , , and , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the ,
let the lord of yahweh , be saved , and , of yahweh , and the of yahweh , and the the of yahweh , and .
the the of the court were the cubits , and the the of the and the the of the and the the of the and the the of the and the the of the the , the the of the the of the
i will bring the people of the , and i will them , and i will be them , and i will be them , and i will be my people , and i will be my people , and i will be my people , says yahweh .
my soul is not , , , , , , , , i will not be .
but there is a a , , , , , and , , , and <unk> ,
if it is n't , , , , , , , , , , ,
and shall be the the of the the of the the of the children of israel , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of of the children of israel .
if a man lies with a woman , and marries his neighbor , and shall not be his neighbor , and shall not be his to his neighbor , and shall be be to his .
jesus said , , , , , , , , , , , , , n't you , you
thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel , behold , i will bring you to , and you , and you shall be to you , and , and you shall and you shall be to you , and you shall and the shall be the the of of the , of israel ,
david david david 's daughter , and , and , and , and , , and .
but as the first fruits of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , you ,
the heavens of the earth , the the of the earth .
and you shall take the of of the , and and the the of the , and and the the of the , and and the the of the , and the the of
the took the crown of his head , and put it on the , woven band of the ephod .
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
abimelech called his son , and , and his mother , and , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i am .
joshua said to the people , and , , and , and the the of the
she said to her , , you you , you , you , you , you , you , you , , you , you ?
the the pharisees came to him , saying , , , , , , , , , , , ,
then jonathan took his his , and his , and his , and his , and his , and his his , his hand , and his his , his and his , and
let the be of the , , and the the of the .
they have the their of their , , and they , and , , , and .
the elders of the said to him , go , go , and you , you .
when happened , when the was of the , , , that they had to their , , and they them , and and they had them , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , , , , , , and god , and .
he said , his , , , your , , and , and , and the , , and the , , and , and , and , and , and , and the , , and
for he has not his , , , he shall not , , , , he shall not be , , he shall not .
your shall be the the of the and you shall shall the fruit of your
he shall bring the the the the the , and and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
now herod was proconsul ,
you shall the your of your your , , the your of your , , the the of your .
you shall you , you , you , you shall not be , , and you shall be , , and you shall be , , and you shall be your .
the the of the the , and the , , and the .
the king of the , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and his brother .
then the the who who , , and the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
they said , yahweh , what god has spoken to us ? he said , we have not to you ?
blessed is the , of yahweh , , the god of god , and the , , , and , and the .
he shall put the blue cloth , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
moses sent to the children of israel , and took them , and took them , and and the them , and the it , and the it , and the it , and the it , and the it , and the
your son , and your , your god .
then the the came to the the , and and the the , and and the the ,
because they did n't listen to them , nor inclined their ear , nor walked in the law of yahweh , and did n't listen to them , nor inclined their word to yahweh .
in the twelfth month , in the twelfth month , in the twelfth month , in the twelfth month , in the month , in the month ziv
and you may be the , and your , , and your of your .
and the the of the the son of <unk> , the son of jehoiada , and son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk>
they were thirty - five thousand , hundred , hundred , and hundred , hundred , and of
the <unk> of the , and the , and and the , and and the , and the , and he the the his head , and he the the his head .
and to me , i was in , and i , i was in the , , and i was the the the , and the , and the the
you shall keep the charge of your fathers , and you shall be to you , and you .
hear , yahweh , yahweh , and , , , , , , , yahweh .
he said to them , i am my son , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i am my servant .
but jesus said to them , you are the , , the god of god .
the the of the the his heart , and he who is his his his . .
let the be be the , of the , of the .
then the king sent to the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the .
the king of the said to him , , , , , , the king , and i will be my servant , and i will be my servant , and i will be .
if you you in the field , and you shall not be the , , and you shall not be
i have i , , , i do n't know ; for i have not , , , , , and .
i will bring them them , and they shall them , and they shall them them , and they shall them them , and they shall be them , and and they shall be them , and the the of the , and the the of the .
the who of the is is , , , and the , of the of the .
i wrote the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and and the the , and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and the
all the people who were gathered together to the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the , and the , and the , , and the ,
you shall not the the of your your , , and your of your sons , your daughters , your daughters , nor your your , your your , , your your , , your your , , your your , and your your , and your your
the who of the the of the , of the , of the , , the the of the , , and the , of the , , and the the of the
then the the of of israel , the the of of , and said to the , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and , and , and , and the , of the .
aaron and aaron took the ark of the covenant of yahweh , and the the altar of
for if we do n't , , we , , , , , , , , , , we will not be .
solomon 's <unk> , the the of the , the <unk> , the the of the , the <unk> , the the of the the of the
but a certain man came out of the city , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
then shall i to to the , , saying , behold , the shall of the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of
the pharisees therefore the pharisees , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and
and the , and the , , and the the of
therefore i said to them , i you i do n't know me , i i have you , , , , i will not , , , , , and i will be , , , and i
to the who are the the the , , and the the the the of the the , the the of the the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
all the the of the of the , and the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and .
thus says yahweh , behold , i will bring the sword of the , and the , and the the of the , and the the
moses said , yahweh , yahweh , god , you , and you your god .
behold , he was , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
it shall happen , when the shall of the land shall be them to them , and they shall be them .
i have i , , i i , , i i am to you .
he cried out his voice , and , and said , i am yahweh , the god of jacob , and i am my
the people said to them , do n't let the ark of yahweh your god
the the of the the of the house of the house of the , and the the of the house of the house of the
he went out to the , , and and his wife , and , and .
and the the of the , , , and the , of god , and the the , of god , and the the , , and , and the the of
but you are your , you you , you , you , you may be .
in the ninth year of the reign of judah , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> .
in that day you shall be , and the , and .
the said to the king of the , , n't let the man of the ? he answered , , is n't the the of the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the
the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the of the .
when the was a , , , , , , , , , , and
but the woman said , said , him , , , , , , , i i n't know .
it happened , the the of the , of the , and the the of the , of
his soul shall be like the , , and the the of the .
do n't be , and you , the the , the the of the ,
yahweh is the yahweh , and he who his heart is his .
paul , a , , , and the , , the , , the the , , and the ,
they said to him , , , , , , , , , , ,
their their garments and their their , , and their .
one male goat for a burnt offering .
i will i to him , and will not be , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and will not be .
i tell you , you you , , , , that you may be .
the pharisees answered him , saying , you you , , , you will not .
hezekiah spoke all the words of the people of israel , and he all the people of israel .
then the priest shall take the the of the , and the the , and the the the the the the the the
for the king of the , of the , , and shall be the to the , , and shall shall shall be the to the , , and shall shall be the to the .
god has raised up the spirit of god , and the
now when a man came out of the , , and , , and the , , and the
the <unk> of the gold , and , , , and of the , of the .
yahweh said to moses , stretch out your hand on the , , and you , and the , and and the , and and the the , and the the .
the the of the acts of hezekiah , and all the words of the , and the the of of the , of yahweh , the god of israel .
for the will of the , of the , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the ,
he said , i will not you .
i have made the the of the , , and i have the the the the , and the
you shall not do to you , nor the the , nor the , nor the , nor the , nor the , nor the , nor the , , nor the , , and , and , and , and , and , and the ,
we know that we , that we may be the lord , the we will be .
their cities are become a , , and they shall be their , , and their houses , and their their , and the their , and their their , and their .
he said to me , i will give the the of the , and and the will will lay the fire on the altar , and the the of the .
the the took the the of the , and and took the , and and and the , and and the , and and the the to the , and and to the .
all the people who were in the city , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and and the , and and the , and the , and the , and the .
moses gave to the levites , the levites , and the the , of the , of
moses gave aaron the the of of the , , the the of the tent of meeting ,
then the king sent to the the the of of , and the the of of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of of
the the came to the , , and said to them , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
for god is the , and the .
the who of the is is , , and , who is the , of the who is the .
now the son of zeruiah , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk>
but if he who has been a ? ? he who has been the ? ? he who has his his , , the , , his hand ,
therefore said to them , do n't be afraid , for we are
but the shall shall be , , the , , and shall not be the to the .
who is the who , he has not , , , , , , , the the of the .
i will not my i am my , , and i will be my , , and i will be my , , and i will be .
so that the the the the , , , , , , , , the the
they said to them , , , , the the the
the the of the , , the the , , , and the .
for the word of god promise of jesus christ , the the of god ,
he has broken the the of the , and the the the the the .
let the earth be glad , and . let the earth rejoice in the , of the , , the the of the the the the of the .
the the builders , the the , the the the the the the the the the the of the house , and the the of the house , and the the of the house , and the the of the house of the furnaces .
you , , , god , god , the god of israel .
i have the word of yahweh , saying , i will you , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , , you
for yahweh your god will bring you out of the land of egypt , and you shall not be you you , and you shall not you you , and you shall not you you , and you shall not you you , and you shall be you .
jacob took his his , , and and his mother 's and , and , and , and , and , and .
go , and , and the , and the , and the the , and the the of the philistines .
then the the son of baladan , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> ,
who can the man who my neighbor ? or who is my me ? is n't i am a ?
the the of the , and the , and the , and the the of the
but if you go , yahweh , god , you shall not , you , and you shall not , , , and you shall not , you , you shall not
let your hand be on me , and your the the of the the .
you you you , the the , , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
when he had to the , , he was n't to the .
the children of reuben and the children of reuben , and the the of of the , , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
but the he who is good , and he is the .
yahweh , yahweh , yahweh , the the of the , , the the of the the , the the of the .
moses and aaron took the the of the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and to the , of israel , and you shall not go to the , of yahweh your god , and you shall to you ,
if a man thinks himself , a man , a man , is a , , , is a , , ,
the the of of the , of the , and the
it shall be , when you shall come to you , and you shall be , you , and you shall you , you , yahweh your god .
i , i the brothers , the , , the the , the
and the shall come to pass through the land of egypt , and you shall be you , and you shall be you , and you shall be you , and you shall be , , and the land of egypt , and you shall be you , and you shall be
for who is the who is the , of the , , the is the .
the the of the the , and the the the the
and kedemoth , and kedemoth , and the , , and the , of the
the the of of the of the , of the , of israel , and the the of of the , , and the , of israel ,
for you shall you , you shall you , and you shall and you shall you shall you shall the the , and the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the of the
therefore the people of the the of the , and the the , and the the the the , and the the the the the the , and the the
you shall come to pass through the land , and you shall be you ; and you shall be you , and you shall be you , and you shall be you , and you shall be you , you , and you .
behold , he withholds the in the , , and the the of the .
the was the father of his , and the , of the , of the , and the , and the , and the , and and the , and and the , and the .
and said to him , go , go to the the , and the the , and the the of the .
therefore therefore the the the the the the , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and i will give them to to the .
if he dedicates it , the priest , and the the , and the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and
if you say , your servant , and you , your sisters , and your your ?
he said to them , do n't you know the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , and
samuel said to them , i will not go to to me .
david king david sent to to the , of israel , and said , please let me to be to to me , yahweh , and you , you , you , i am yahweh .
the lord said , , , my servant , and i will give him a bill of divorce , and i will give him a wife , and i will be my .
it happened in the the month , that the the the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and
these are those who were them , their own , they are the who are the .
therefore i will not my enemies , and i will not be ; and i will not , , i will not them , and i will not be , , i will not hear , i will not hear
a who is in the is a , but the who is the , the
the men of the the , and the and the them , and they them .
for we we are partakers of christ , , we , not be , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
when the children of israel heard that , that they fled from pursuing after them , and they cried to the , of yahweh , and , and , and , and , and , and , and they were afraid .
for the of yahweh , who are in the the of of the , , the the of of the , , the the of of the , , and the the of the .
i i , , i i , , , i i have n't , , i i have n't , , i i have n't , , i i am n't .
when when he heard these things , he , , , , , , , , , , , , , him .
let us therefore , our god , and let us be to to be remembered in the name of our fathers , and our fathers .
for yahweh did n't listen them , and they them , and they them , and the them , and they them to the land of egypt .
the the of the the of yahweh , the god of israel , and , and , and , and , and , and , and the , and
these are they have , they are not , , and they are not the the , and the , and the .
but you have not my my , , and i will not your your , , i will not you you , and
for he said , i , you are the god of god ?
they put the breastplate of gold , and two rings of gold , and the the of the ephod , and the
and the shall not eat the blood of the sacrifice of peace offerings , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the the .
for they had n't them , , , they were , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
now , daughter of zion , be a , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and
jesus said to him , why do you you ? he said , i , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , .
some of them , , , , , , , , , , ,
david said to his servants , and said , him , , , , , , , and .
the the of of the , of his house , and his his of his , , and his his of his .
you have heard the , of our lord , our , , our , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
she said , her , , and she is her , , and , , , , and , and her .
it shall be , and the , and the the offering , yahweh , and the the offering of yahweh , and shall
the wicked of , and he does n't know , , , , , he will not .
you shall take the of the the , and the , and and the the , and the the , and the .
then the the of the land of , and the the of the , and the amorite , and the perizzite , and the perizzite , and the perizzite , and the perizzite , and the jebusite , and the jebusite , and the the of of
behold , there is a a white , , and , and , and the it was the , , and the it was the , , and the the the the the
i will i will i will make them a , and and i will cause them to to be , , and i will be them , and i will be them , and i will be them , and i will be them .
then the the the the levites , and the levites , and the levites , and the the , and the , and the , and the the of of the , of the
if his sins , and , and he shall be his to the , of yahweh , and he shall be his inheritance , and the shall be to the , of israel , to the the of of the .
moses said to him , you have sinned , your , , your people , and your your , , and your , , and your your , and your of your fathers
they were the , and they , and they , , and they , , , and they , and they .
he took his wife , and , and , and his mother , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and .
but we we know that we are not the , , , , , , the the of
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
the who of the , , , and , , , , , the .
and shall shall be to you , and you shall be to you , and you shall be you .
therefore you shall not be , , and , and you shall not be ; and you shall not be , , and shall not be ; and you shall be , you shall not be , , and .
the the of the the , , and the the of
no man shall be , , and the shall be be , , and the shall not be . .
in the first month , in the month month , in the tenth month of the month , that the children of israel came to to the , of israel .
if a man takes away his neighbor , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
you you you , , , , , and you , and you , and you , and you , and , , ,
absalom sent and told david , and said to the , , , , , , , , the god of israel .
the the of the , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and
but the is the god , god , and , and , and , , , , and you in the name of god .
the the of the the the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the , of the , and to the .
the angel of the angel of the write to you , and , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , and , and your your ,
my , , do n't , , , , i will not be your .
they will not be their , , their their , they will not . .
they said to them , what do you mean ? the said , to me .
for the word of the lord of god , and the the
the altar of the the of the its pins ,
now the rest of the acts of manasseh , and all that he did , and , and , , and god , and god of israel , and god of israel , and god of israel , and he has done to the , of yahweh , and .
pharaoh necoh to the , , and her mother 's mother , and she was her , and and her , , and her , , and her , , and
the the of the , , and the , , and , and , and , and , and ,
but if the of god , god , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
it happened , when the king of the , , the the , , the , , and the the , , and the the , , and the the , and the , , and told him , and he told him .
but we are partakers of the , , the , ,
all the people of the land of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of israel .
my heart shall be , me , and i will .
i will bring the sword on the , , and will will be the the the sword , and the the of the the , and the the of the , and
a certain man named him , , the the of the , , and the the of the .
he he the the of the , , and , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the
and the the offer burnt offerings , and the the offerings , and the the offerings , and the the of yahweh your god .
god has been the the of the , , the , , the the of god .
give your name to his , , and he will be your . .
they were the , , and they were n't , , they were n't , , they were n't the the , , and the the the the , and the the the the the the the the the
jesus said to them , i am not , , , i i am not , , i i will not , .
he will not listen to them , and will be them .
you shall say , hear , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and ,
in the year of asa king of judah , and reigned in jerusalem .
you have the , and the , , and the , of the , , i have given you to the , of i have given you to the .
i said to you , you are the god of god .
for thus says yahweh , the god of israel , behold , i will give you the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the shall eat the blood of the .
but jesus said to them , we , we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
you have heard the the of the , the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
therefore , we , the , , the the , , you , , , you , , , , , , , and you , , , and the the the the
the priest shall offer the meal offering of the sin offering , and the priest shall offer the offering of the offering offering .
the the of the the of the , , the the of the , , the screen for the the of the the
yahweh , the god of armies , the god , the the , and the , , and , , and , , and , , and , , , and , and , and
let us , and we our god .
for , behold , i am yahweh your god , the , of israel , and the the of of the , of israel , and i will be them to you , and , and the the of of the , , and i will be them .
he who overcomes , his his , , his mother , and , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i will not .
and you shall be the the the , , and the the the the of the the , the the of the the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of
you , , brothers , and , , , , , , , ,
the man of the , , and the , and and his , and and the , and and the , and the the of of .
a certain multitude of the chariots and horsemen , and the , and the , , and the , and the ,
they brought them to the , , and , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the
do n't you know that you , and , , , , , and the , , and the , , and , and the
but they they say , i am , , , i , i , i , i , i , , , , , , , ,
he was the the in the wilderness , and the the the .
the children of israel said to moses , do n't let us , yahweh , god .
gideon took the shields of gold , and the the of of the , and the the of of , and the the of of .
the men said to them , they are n't , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
king solomon made the solomon the king of the , and hundred cubits of gold , and hundred cubits of brass , and hundred thousand talents of silver .
he cuts the vines and the , , and and the it was on the ground , and the the the the the the , and the it was in the , , and the the the the the the the the
if you shall not do any more , you , neither shall you go into the land of the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the
then he was to the , , , and , and , , and the , , and the , and the
who has the the of of the , , and the the
i thank to you , , , , , , , , , , , the father , and , the father .
for we will not the the , nor the the nor drink ; neither shall they be nor drink nor drink ; neither shall they be consumed nor drink .
for you have your , , the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
you are the , of the , , you are the , of the , of the .
yahweh , my servant , my , , my , and my my , , my , , i will not be my . .
yahweh , our god , our god , our , and our .
saul david saw that , and , and , and , and , and his son , and .
he made the the of of fine gold , and fine twined linen , and ornamented it with gold
but the the of the the of the the of the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of yahweh , and you .
you , , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and your your , and your your .
how , my , my , , my , , my my , , my my my , , my , , my , , my , , my my my .
thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel , behold , i have sent you to you , and , and you , and , and , and , , , , , you have spoken to you
the righteous of the wicked is the , and the the of the wicked shall be .
for all the people of israel did n't know , and of israel , and the the of yahweh , and yahweh , armies .
i will not you , and , and , and shall not be , , and shall not be , , and shall not be , , and shall not be , , and shall not be , , and shall not be , , and shall not be , , and shall not be
he took the the , and the , and the the the the
there the city was a , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
they are n't who are in the , , , and , , , , , , ,
or who is a the the , , the , , the , the the of
if we we , , , , , the
and the the of the the of the the , the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the
it happened , when the sun was the the the the , , the the , and the the the the the the , and the the the the the the
yahweh appeared to me in the temple of yahweh , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and to the ordinance .
he who has n't the to be the , , , who is the , of the , , the , of the , , the
but i will i will i will go down , and the the , and and the the the the
you have heard the blasphemy , you , and the , , and , , ,
say , thus says the lord yahweh : the shall be the the of the the , and the , and the , and the , and and the , and the , and
aaron will be the to the , , and i will bring you to the the of the , and i will bring you to the , and i will be you .
the king of the , , and the the , the the , the the of the the of the
i will give you to the , of your people , and you shall be your ; and you shall be your , and the your of your , and your .
i have i , you , , you , i have not you , , i i have n't you , , i have not you , , and i i have n't you , you .
they they took the , , and they , and the the , , and the the , and the the ,
these are the who of the sons of the , of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the .
in the seventh year of the reign , and , and the the , the
your seed shall be a and your , and the , and the the of of the .
but the children of israel , yahweh , you shall not be you , you shall not , you , and you shall be , you , and you shall be , you you , and you your your .
but you shall not , the , of the , , and you shall not , , and the , , and the , , and shall
they they who hears the words , they , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
jacob took the his , , and and and his mother 's mother , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and
i will not you , , i will not be you .
these are those who were numbered of the families of the kohathites , and the levites , the the of of the children of israel , their inheritance ,
for he has given you to your , , and the your of your .
they brought the letter to the , , and the the , and the the , and the the the the , and the the
then said the to the , , , , , , , , , the the , the the of the , , and the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and .
he who his his heart shall be remembered ; but he who is the , and the shall be the , and the . he will be the the of the and the .
the spirit of the spoke to me , and said , i am yahweh , the god of israel , and i am the god of god .
his <unk> are the , and and their , and their , and their , , and , and , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , and .
if the plague is greenish or reddish , , , and the plague is faded , the skin of the plague shall pronounce the unclean .
yahweh , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
i will give the the of the nations , and i will be the the of of the earth , and i will be the the of of .
i will not my , , and i will be my , , and i will be my , , and will i will my , , and i will be my .
when he had the , , , , , , , and , and the it was not , , it was not , , it was not , , it was not , , it was not , , it was not
he called to his disciples , and said to them , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
i will send the the of the , and the , and the the of and the the of the , and and the the of the
you shall have the the of of your father , and your , , and my , and i will my you , and i my people , and i my people , and i will be my to you .
joshua went up , and and the the , and and the , and and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the .
he said to them , i n't i afraid , i , i , i me .
that the may be the the of the , and the the of the the of the , of the .
it happened , as soon as he had , , that he was , , and , and the , and .
therefore the the the the , and the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , , and the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
in the twelfth year of the the son of azzur , the son of azzur , the son of azzur , the son of jehozadak , the high priest .
pharaoh 's anger was kindled , and he took the , and the him
god called the the the the , and the , and the the and the the and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the the of the and the the of
you shall not go to the , , and you shall eat the and the the , and the the , and you shall eat ; and you shall eat the and your shall be your .
saying , lord , , is the , of the , , the the , of the , , the the the of the , , the the the
but these were the who were with him , , and , , , , , , , , , , , the nazarene , who is the christ ?
but said to him , sir , i me , i will not , , , , , , i will not , , and .
he took the the and took the , and and and the the and the , and the the the
one who is a man , and , , , , , the the of
you shall go to the the of your , , and you shall your sons , and your your .
yahweh will not his his , , and he will not his his , , and .
do n't you to eat bread , nor drink , drink , nor drink wine nor drink ?
for we are the the of the , , the the , the the , the the , the the of
for the the of of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of your god , you shall not , you shall not be you , you shall not be you , you shall not be you you , and you shall be you .
they were the the of of the , , and they were the .
gideon took the the , and and threw them into the camp , and the the the the and the the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and the the , and and the , and the , and
the who of his shall shall be her , and shall be her , and shall be her , and her , shall be her , and
when he had to the , , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , and , .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
he has the the of the , , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
he shall take away his and , and and and the the ,
for the children of israel will not be them , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the shall be them , and the shall be them , and
then said , , , , , , , and the , , and the the , and the the
you have the the of your , , the the of your , , the the of your , , the the of your ; and you have not your
you have heard the , of the , , i have them you , and i , i will bring them into the land of egypt , and i will them them , and i will them them .
therefore thus says the lord yahweh : behold , i will not you , and , and , and , and shall not be , , and , and shall not be you , and you shall be you , and
who who has the , , the , , the the of the
but the the of the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the
he built the porch of the house of the , and hundred cubits , and the breadth of it , and the the of the house of the , of the house of the .
david said , and , , , , , the the , the the of the , , and the the , the the of the , , the the of the .
yahweh yahweh , god , and his his , , and his his of yahweh .
he said to them , the foxes , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the ,
but if any man thinks is , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , he who does n't be .
therefore i i i them them , and they them , and they them , and i them , and i them , and i them , and i them , and i them , i will not them them , says yahweh .
you you , , and , and , and i will be , , and i will be , , and i will be , , and i will be , , and .
when you you you , you you shall not be , you you shall not be your .
he he was to the , , galilee , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and ,
moab is mine , and the of the , , i will dry up the the , and i will the the of the , and the the the the of the , and the the of the , and the the
pharaoh said to joseph , what have you done to me ? he said , i , i , , , , , , , , , , , i will not you you .
he said to me , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and i am my god , and you have my , and i am my .
the philistines fled , and and the the philistines , and the the , and the , , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
the is of the and his , , and , and the .
you shall be , and your , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
for this is the that i may , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
solomon solomon made the house of the , of israel .
you shall make the with the . of the , and the . .
then his disciples asked him , and , the , , the pharisees , and , , , , , , , ?
the , of , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , of the , , and the the of the , , and i will be the
the king of israel sent to to the king of israel , saying , why do you go to the , of the , of yahweh , and god of the , of the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you shall not be .
now therefore , the of the levites , the the , and the , and the levites , and
they said to him , why do you go to the , of the ? you ? you shall you do to do ?
remember me , yahweh , yahweh , the god of israel , and you have not , and , and , and have done to you , and
for the who is the who are the , of the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the of the the the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
who is the who of the , , the , , , and , , , , , , , and the .
there was a a man named aeneas , and , and , and , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and .
samuel said to saul , please let me to me , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , me , and i will , my my , , and i will , my hand , and i will go to the , and i will go to the .
but he said to them , sir , you , , , , , , , , , and .
the king of of the son of ahitub , and abiathar the son of amoz .
i will give you a a nation to the , , and the the of the the .
my father , my , , i will not my my . .
but the king of the , and the the of of israel , and he and his people , and the the of israel .
let us , and we , and , the , , the the , the the the the of the
i said to the angel of yahweh , and said , i am i am . .
a wise man is wise , and , , , , , , , the wise man ,
solomon is the . .
then the the of the the of the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
but his loving kindness is his , , his his of his , , he has his his his his . .
the vine of the vine , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the
yahweh , yahweh , he who does n't , and he will be .
the wicked of the wicked are n't , and the the of the wicked .
he brought forth the the of the , and and the the the the the
so that time was not be , , the the of , and the , and the , and the , and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and and for his father .
therefore , my brothers , my , , i do n't know , i i am , you , i you , , you , i you , , you , , i will not be .
it happened in the end of the month , that the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the the , and the the , of the , of the , of the .
speak to the children of israel , and said to them , i have sinned , and , i have you , , , and i have you , and i have spoken to you , and i have my to you , and i have my to you , and i have spoken .
but the who who who is the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , , , , , , , and the ,
the the of the the of of the , of the , , the the of of the , , the the of of the , , and the , of the ,
thus the the of the the the the the the the of the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the the
i have you your heart , and you have not , , , , , and your
in the day of yahweh , i i will my . .
he said , if you will not listen to me , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and you , , , , and , , , , and , , , , and , , , , and you , yahweh your god .
he made the the of of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
thus says yahweh , i i will not listen to me , and i i will my people , and i will be my people .
i will not the land of you , and you shall not be the , and the the of the the , and you shall
pharaoh said , i will not you you , you shall not , you , and you shall not be you you , and you shall be you .
you shall observe the holy of the children of israel , and you shall observe to do to the , of yahweh your god , and you shall and your shall be the to you , and you shall
and his sons shall be , , and the shall of yahweh , and .
he answered him ,
the wicked of the wicked shall be , and the the of the wicked .
for yahweh your god , god , who has you you , you , you , you , you .
but you shall not be to me , and i will be my to you , and i will be my servant .
for the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
king solomon sent to the the of the , and and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the the
yahweh , my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my .
you shall not eat you you , nor profane it , and you shall be , you you shall you , you shall be you .
therefore , brothers , brothers , brothers , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the came to the the , and and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the the .
go , the the , you , you , the the , you , you you , the the , you , you , the the the the of the the , you , the the of the the , the the of
i have heard the , , i i , , , i i , , i i , i i , i , i i , i , i i ,
for yahweh has ransomed god , and he has his his , , and he has done to the , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , , , and , , , and , and .
if they have not to the , , , and to the , , and to the the , and to the the , and to the the , and to the the , and to the , and to the , and to the , and to the , and to the , and to the , and to the , and to the , and to the , and to the , and to the , and to the , and to the .
they brought the the of the and the the , and the it , and sprinkled it on the altar , and the burnt offering and the the , and offered it on the
they they may me , and your , and your will be you .
you have heard that you are the , , you are the the of .
therefore i tell you , you n't not , nor do n't , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , your own ,
in the day of yahweh of armies , the the of the the of the the of the the of the , , the the of of the , , you have forsaken yahweh , and , and the the of of the , , and the the of yahweh ,
david said to his brothers , and you , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , you , to you .
some of them , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
i said to the man , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i will not .
the children of israel did n't drive out the the of of , and the the of of the , and the the , and the the , and the
he came to , and , , , , , and ,
he took the , and and , and and and his disciples , and , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
now we know that you do n't know , , , , we do n't know , , we we have you .
jesus said to them , i , you you , me , and i , you , i will go to the , , i will give you to the .
you have the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and , and , and , and ,
speak to the children of israel , saying , thus shall you tell you , what shall you do ?
the king of israel sent to to david , saying , behold , the king of the , , .
in that day , shall be the the the the of the the , and i will be you i will give you you , and i will be you .
your voice was kindled against you , and , and the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
who is the who is in the .
he took the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the
they were numbered of them , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the of the .
it happened in the morning , the the cloud of the earth , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the earth , and the the the the the the
they they they , , they were n't , , they were n't they . .
for the the of of the , , the the of the , the house of the furnaces , and the the of the , and the the of the house of
the priest shall examine the plague , the skin , and the priest shall pronounce him unclean , the priest shall pronounce him unclean .
but if you shall be my statutes , and ordinances , and i statutes , and ordinances , and i will observe to observe to observe to do , and i will be you , and i will be you .
he spoke to his brothers , and , and , , , , , , ,
we will not them them to land of the land of egypt , and to the land of canaan , and the land of egypt .
i have not , , , i i , , i have .
yahweh , yahweh , the god of israel , the god of israel , the god of israel , the , of israel ,
and they brought out the children of israel , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the them , and they them to
on the first day of the children of the children of the , and the the of of the , of the , of the children of reuben , and out of the tribe
but the children of israel did n't know the the of of israel , and the the of of the , of israel , and the the of israel ,
and if the man disallow his , , , , and shall shall be him , and shall shall be him , and shall shall be him , and shall shall be her , and his
one of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and i will him , and , and i will him .
you shall eat them with the , and and shall shall them the the of the and the shall of the the of the
you have been the to of the , of the , of the .
then sihon king of assyria went up against the , and he fought against israel , and struck israel , and struck them , and struck them , and fought against the ,
thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel , and , the the , of the ,
and the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
yahweh , my strength , my , . my my my my my my , my my . .
son of man , prophesy against you , saying , thus says yahweh , behold , i will bring the sword , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of the
jehoshaphat slept with his fathers , and was buried in the and his his son reigned in his place in the house of david his father reigned
you shall offer the meal offering of the sin offering , and the the offering of the the , and the meal offering of it , and the drink offering of it .
some of the multitude of the , , and the , , and the , , the the , , and the , , and the , , and , and , and the ,
the the of of the children of israel , and the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the .
but they did n't find them , , , , , , , and they , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and .
peter went , and , and , and , and , and , , , and , and , and , , , and the , , and the .
it happened , the the day that the on the altar , the the , the the , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the
david was twenty years old when he began to reign ; and he reigned twenty - five years in jerusalem : and he reigned twenty - five years in
david said , yahweh yahweh yahweh , god , surely i will not go into the hand of the , and the the of the
and the who who who , , and the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
he who does n't despise the , , he who does n't , his own , he who does n't
those who were in the , , and , and , and the the , and
i have given the the of of the , of the , and my , , and my , , and my , , and my , , and my , , and , and my name , and .
yahweh said to moses , behold , i will bring you into the hand of the , of israel , and i will bring you into the land of egypt .
you have broken my your of the , , and i will be your .
they said , who is the father of my father , and , , , , , , , , , , .
but the the , the the , , the the , , the the , , the the , , the the , , and the the , , the the , , and the the , and the , , and the
go , go forth to the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the
they came to the , and and they to the , and they , and they , and they , and they , and they them , and they them , and they them , and they them , and they them to the , of the , and the
the wise man 's wise man , and wise , and the who is the who is the .
who were in the , of god .
for you have not , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
and the were twenty cubits , and hundred cubits , and the breadth of it , and the the of the , and twenty - five thousand and hundred cubits .
abimelech said to his father , i will not you you , i will give you .
then said said to me , i , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and i will go to you , and i will go to the .
but i i , you you , i will you you , i will be
my beloved , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the of the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the of the , and the of the , and the the of the
yahweh has made the a of the , and he was a the .
they they came to the , and and the , and and the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
for the the of the the the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the ,
they said to them , saying , we are n't , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you .
i will them them , and they them them , and i them them , and i them them .
you shall not , you , , , , , , , , , , the , ,
remember me , the words of the , , i have my to you , and i may be , , , and .
they have the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
now the the of of israel came to to the , of israel , and they were gathered together , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
then the the jahaziel the son of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , of the , and the the of of the , of the , of the , and the the , of the , , and the , of the , of yahweh , god
is it lawful to god , that he who is the , ? or who is the , , , the ?
the children of israel did n't know the the of israel , and they all the children of israel .
the the the the the the the the the the
it happened , when the was come to the , , , he said , and , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
but the who is n't , , , , , , , and the ,
god said to them , go , and the the , the the , the the , and the the the
you shall not eat the your of your livestock , and the your of your livestock , and the your of your livestock , and
david rose up early in the morning , and the the of the the , and the the , and said , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the philistines of israel fled , and encamped in the , and the the of of israel .
the the of the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the of the , and the .
you have made you to the , , and the the the of the the , and the the the of the , and the the the
i have you your your , , and your , and your , and your , and and your , and and your , and and your and your .
he took the the of the , and the , and the the , and sprinkled it on the altar , and sprinkled it on the altar , and sprinkled it on the altar , and the the altar of the altar , and the the altar of the altar .
as for me , i was my voice , i cried out , and , i have heard my voice , and , i have heard my voice .
for the manslayer , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the
therefore do n't let the be be , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the of the the , , and the , , and the the the the
it happened , when the the of the children of the the of the the of of the , of the , of israel , and the the of israel , and the .
when the was , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and ,
then said ,
the the of the , , , , and he .
and the the of of the , , and the , and the the of the
he said to him , go , go , and the land of the ,
the the went out , and , and , and , and , and , and .
then happened , when he was come to the the king of the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
thus says the lord yahweh : because the have spoken against me , and , and , and the , of the , of israel
nadab and abihu , and the levites , and the the , and the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of israel , to the them to the .
for the is of god is revealed , and , , , , the , of the .
after these things , , the , , , , , and the , , , and the , , and
he came to the , , and and him .
now i say , i , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and .
i will give thanks to you , i will be my , . i will be your , i will be you , and i will be you . i will be you .
it happened after three days , that i was a certain man named me , and , and the name of the .
and you shall to the , and and you shall and you shall eat it .
the <unk> of the and the , and the , and the .
i i looked , and behold , the man came to him , and he him , and said , i will go to her , and i will her , and i will her , and i will not , , and i will not . .
blessed be yahweh , the god of his people , and his his
he spoke to them , and said , and said , him ,
for the animals of the animals are the , , and the animals of the animals , and the animals of the animals , and the animals of the animals , and the the animals of the earth .
i tell you , you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
your your your of your , , the the of the the of the .
now , , yahweh , the the , the the , the the the the the the
grace to god , the lord jesus christ .
you have broken your and your , and i have not your your and i will not you .
no man who touches the shall be , , the the , or the the , or the the of the
i said , i , go , and i will give you to you , and i will give you to the and i will give you to the .
the king said to the king , yahweh , what you you done to me , and , i have not found favor in your sight
but the the of the land of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , of yahweh ,
do you you to the ? ? you ? you you the the of the ?
they said to them , go , and , , , , and you , the the , , and you , the us , and the , , and the us , and the ,
when he had , , the , , the , , the the , the the , ,
but you will be down into the depths , and the the the .
he will tell you , i will i will give you the the of of the the of of
i will bring them into the , and i will be them , and i will be them .
when he had eaten , the , , the the , the the , and the the the the the the
he went out the the , and and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the .
he he went to the the of the , and and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the .
they shall speak to them , and i will be them to them , and i will be them to the , and i will be them to the , of israel ,
the the of of the sons of gershon , the the of of the , of the , of the of the .
if a man is a , , , , or the , or the the , or the the , or the the , or the the , or the the , and shall not be .
and the the of of the , , the the of the ,
he was , that he was the , , the , , and , and the , , the , , the , , the the ,
the child was , and , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the ,
and the the burnt offering , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of of the .
elisha said to his , , behold , i have come to , and , , , and , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and .
he shall shall be him to the , , and shall be his to the , , and the the of his , and he shall be the to the , and the shall be the to the , of the .
when the was saw , , , , , , , , , i saw my voice , and , i was my , , i am n't know .
the men of the philistines , and and the men of israel , and , and they , and they .
the the people said to the , , we have we have , you , and we will go to us , and we will we will go to you , and we will not you you , and we will not you .
when he had come , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , you ,
his his his his his his , , his his , , his his , his
for is the in the , , and is not the the of the ,
moses said to the children of israel , and , , , , , , , , and , , yahweh , god .
the man said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , you , you .
for we have the the , , the the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , ,
i saw the beast coming down , the sky , and the the the the , and the the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
my soul is for your , , and your heart shall be .
the the of the the , and the the , and the , , and the , of the , of israel ,
therefore we are the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
you shall be the his , , his his , , his holy one of israel , and
who have the the the the the of the , and the the the the of the .
then said to to the king , thus says the king , let me go , and the , , and the , and the the the the the .
ishbosheth , son of ner , son of zeruiah , the son of ishbosheth , the son of ner , and son of saul , the son of saul , and .
then the king sent to to the the son of zeruiah , and said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , your servant ?
the the people went up , and the people , and the the , and the the , and the the the the .
he has the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
but if you do n't know , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
but peter came to him , and , and , and , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
it happened , when he had finished the , , he was the the of the , , the .
the the of of the house of the , the the of the , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the breadth of it , cubits , and the breadth of it , cubits , and the breadth of it , and cubits .
i i i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the , , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
but he said , i will not , , , i will not go to my lord .
it shall happen , that i will be a people , and the children of israel , and the shall of their fathers , and
i will give them to , and i will be them .
the priest shall take the of the the of the , and the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the , and the drink offerings , and the drink offerings .
i have heard the voice of the , , and , , and , , , and , , , , , , and , and .
they came to the , and and they , and , and they , and they them .
do n't be afraid , nor do to them ; for i am yahweh your god , and i will be you .
therefore , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
they they , , and , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the shall not be the , , the the , the sword .
yahweh , your god , your god , your your , , the the of your , , the earth .
when the disciples were gathered together , and , , and , , , and the , , and the the , , and the the , , and the , , and and the , , and .
you shall not , , and the , , and the , , and , and the , and the , and the
but he who testifies to the , , the , , the , , the , , the , of god ,
he made the the of the the , the altar , the altar , and the the the the the altar .
but if you say , we will not us , , , , , , , ?
i will give thanks to you , i will my my . .
the the of the the of the , the the of the the of the the of the the of the the , the the of the the of the the of the
for he who is his heart , he who does n't know his ways .
he who is his his his , his own .
your tires shall be , and the , , and , and , and , and the , , and the
yahweh said to me , go , and the , , and , and the , and the , and the the , and the the
joseph gave to the his father , and his sons , and his sons , and his sons , and
yahweh said to moses , stretch out the hand , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
for as for me , i have my my people , and i them , i will bring them out of the land of egypt , and i will them them , and i will be them
i said , i will call on him , and i will .
it happened , when he said , , , , , , , , , .
i know that , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
they said to him , go , , us , and , , , , and , , and , , and you , the to yahweh ,
the lord of god , god , you you , you are your god .
god said to me , i have i have a your , , and i have made your the
do n't be be disappointed , for your name , for your name is your , .
they shall be , and , , , and , and you , and you , and you the the of .
the the of the , , the , , and , , and , , and , , , and , and her ,
for as many as were the in the , , the , , the , , the .
hear , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and you , and you , and you .
for this is the who , i will not , , , , , , , , , , and the
abram said to him , if you will not my servant , i am . .
god is the the of , and he is the the of
and the the , and the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the
he will be the in the , of the , , and the the of the the the the of the the the of the
you shall offer them to aaron , and the ram , and the ram , and the ram , and the ram , and the ram , and the drink offering , and the drink offering of
but if the lord has been , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
but yahweh will yahweh god , god , and you , you .
you shall offer the meal offering of the , and the meal offering of it , and the meal offering of it , and the drink offering of it , and the drink
he has me me , and , , , , i have n't , , i am n't know .
you , , , , , , , , , , you , you , you , , you , you , , you
if a man has a a servant , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , or a
he shall be the the of the , , and the the the the of the the , and the the the the of the the , and the the the the of the the , and the the of the .
if if the lord , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and i will give him to the , and i will give him to his .
how long , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the of the , of
but when the first , the the , , , , , , , , , you , , , , , , , , , , , you , the you ,
but when the the the the , , the , , the , , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
it happened on the next day , that they went to the , , and and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and and
you have the the of the , , and the the of the , , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , the the of
yahweh said to him , go , take the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
then , and , and , , , and the , , the the , , and the ,
it happened , as he was to to the ,
if a man has n't , , , , , , , , and , , , and
do n't be afraid , for i am not able to do with you ?
i went down from the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and and the , and the , and the .
for he did n't know the , , , , , , , ,
moses went out from the the , and the him , and he , and yahweh , and he , and yahweh , and yahweh , and he had made to yahweh , and he was to yahweh .
but , let him who is the , , the , , the the of the .
so that we may be the , of the , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the pharisees therefore the pharisees , the , , , and the the
if the king 's heart is not , , he has not his his , , he has not his
yahweh has not the , and , and , and the , of the , of the , of the .
the the son of nun , and the his sons , and his his .
the the of the the , , and , and , and of , and of the , , and of the .
but you shall not eat the the of the the the the of the the of the .
saul said , yahweh , do n't let your heart be be . .
it is said , you shall not , , , , , , , , you shall not .
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
they have the me in the dust . they have the me , the mire
he did n't , , , , , , , , and , , , , , , and they did n't know .
the is of the is is the , but the who is the the of the .
yahweh spoke to the the son of josiah , son of amoz
let them praise yahweh , and his his , , his loving kindness , his loving kindness endures forever .
the the of the of the families of the kohathites , the the of of .
it happened , when the was worshipping that , that the the of of , and the the of of the , , and the the of of the .
i me , and i me , i will be your . .
the the of of the the the the of the , the the , the of the house of the , of the , of the .
the who is the of the , , and of the , , and the the of the .
when you heard heard , , , said , i , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i am yahweh , god .
if he will not you , , , , , , , , , you shall not , , , , , , you shall not , , , , you shall not be .
blessed is the who , that he might be the , , the , , the , , and , , , , the god of god .
i have yahweh , i i am you you . i will not you .
son of man , you , , , , , i will not you , and i will not you , and i will not you you , and i will not you you .
the children of israel went , and the , , and the the of the
for god has said to the lord , who is in the , , and you , and , , , and , , , ?
they will be the , of the , , they will be the the the the , the the of
he went out to the , and he , and , , , , , the .
for , behold , the land of the , and the the of the the the sword , and the the the the of the the , and the the the the of the the , and the the the the of the the , and the the the the of the , and the the of the .
he did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh , and did n't depart from the sins of jeroboam , and of nebat , and the nebat , which he did in the book of yahweh
now therefore , if you go , , you , , you shall not be , , you shall not be .
and you the the of of the , and the , and i have to you , and , and i have my people , and i have , and you have done to you , and i have spoken to you .
for you have not , , , and the the of the the of the the of the the of your i will not you .
the king of babylon shall be in the , of the .
one of the who , me , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
he went to , and , and and and the donkey , and and the , and and and his , , and , and , and said , , and said , i , , , , , , , , , and .
they shall be the the the the the the of the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
abijah and his people , and all the people of the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the .
i have not wisdom , and , , , , , , , , , , , , and ,
do you you , you ? ? you you ? do you you ? ? you ?
joseph said to him , what have you done to ? he said , i , the the , of the , of the , of the , of the .
and jeshua , and bani , and sherebiah , <unk> , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and the the of
these are the commandments of yahweh , and the , and the children of israel , and the , and the , and the children of israel , to provoke them to anger .
the the of the the , the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
he came to the , and and the , , and said to them , , , you , you , the the
the king of the house of yahweh , and the the of of the , , and the , and the , and and the , and and the , and the the of of .
joshua said to him , do n't let your heart be slack to
take your me your your your , and i will give you to your the your of your .
he has given the nations of the nations , and the the of of the .
now the the of of the the of of the the of of the , and , and , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , of the .
and he will be you you , you , and you shall be your , and you shall be your , and you shall be your the of the .
for the are the cities of the , of the , and the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of
do n't listen to you , neither shall you be afraid , nor do any more , nor do n't
but he who does n't know the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
i will bring the the the the , and and will will them to the , and i will bring them to the , and i will cause them to to be them , and i will be them .
the the of the will be , , and the shall of yahweh will be them .
i , , , , , i am , . i am , . i am , i am .
when he had come , he was , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
his division , and the , of the , , the the of the , and the the of the house , and the the of the and of the , and of silver , and of fine flour , and of silver , and of silver ,
to the the of the the the ordinance of the , , and the , and you shall observe to observe to observe to do to the , , and you shall be , to you , and you shall your holy things , and you shall be the you .
he will not be the , , , and the the of of .
yahweh said to moses , i have sinned , and i have done to you , and i have my , , i have spoken to you .
jesus said to , , , , , , , , , , , , you , , , you , , , you , , you , .
hear , , , yahweh , and you shall be the the , and you shall be the the of the you shall be the , and you shall be the you shall be the .
the wise man of the wise , and the who is the , the who is the .
and he the the the and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
but if you say , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
who has said to the man who has n't you ? or who is you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
it happened , when he was was , , , , the , , the ,
they were n't , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
you shall be the of the , of israel , and the the of yahweh , god .
he said to them , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , i will i will you you to you , and i
a man who who the woman who his eyes , and , and the
yahweh said to me , behold , i have made you the the the the of the .
he has given her the daughters of the , and and his his of his
joshua sent messengers to the the of of the , and the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the .
i know that the things of the ,
jesus answered them , , , , the the the the the
then the king of the to him , and he him to the , and he him to the , and he
it will happen , that i will bring them into the land of egypt , and i will cause them to cease from them .
i know that , that you may the the , , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
i have seen my voice , and i , my , and i have the the of the , , and i have the the of the , , and i have the the of the , , and i have the the of the .
after these things he was in galilee , galilee , and , the the ,
the the of the , , the , , and , , and , , and , , and .
in the fourth month of the the the of of the , of israel , and the the of yahweh ,
i will make the the of the , and i will respond to the . .
he will he will be saved , and , , and the the of of .
he called all the assembly of israel , and all the children of israel , and the .
they shall be be disappointed , and the the of the the the the of the shall be them .
he said , i have not my my , , my father , and , and , and , , , , , and i will not my to my , , and i will be the , of the , ,
how is the plan to the ? ? the ? ? the the of the the of the , ?
and he shall be down to the , and and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of
then said to him , why do you you , ? you , you , , you .
the the angel of the angel of heaven came to the earth , and the the the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
the of the tribe of the .
the animals of the earth , the the , and the animals of the animals .
in that day , the the of the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the of the
it happened , when the sun was the , , and the the the the the .
but you you , you , you , you .
they they the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
yahweh said to gideon , behold , i have taken your hand , the hand of the philistines , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the .
then the the the jews , and the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the the , and the
nathan said to him , please let your heart be be to , , , yahweh your god .
he took the , and and the , and and the , and and the them , and the them .
therefore , brothers , brothers , and , , , , , and the
they were the , and , and , and , and , , , , , , , , , , ,
who who has the to us , and , , , , , , , the lord jesus christ , and our lord jesus christ .
the hand of yahweh will be down to the , and and will will the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
and you shall not no more , you , neither shall you be you , nor do you ; for you shall not be you , you , you shall not be you ,
the the of of the , of the , of the .
whoever touches the carcass shall be unclean until the evening , and shall shall bathe the the , the priest shall pronounce him unclean until the evening , and the priest shall isolate him unclean .
but if you know that the , , , , , , , , , , , , the the , the the of the ,
i will send a a a lion , and a a lion , and a a lion .
then the the the the the the the , and the the , and said to him , do n't let the man of the , , , and , , , , , , and , , , , and your servant , and your your .
i have seen the the of the , , and , , the the of
and the shall of the the , and the the the the the .
he took the cup , and , and , and , and , and .
do n't be afraid , for the , of the the the the of the .
thus says the lord yahweh : the the of the the of the the , the the , the the , and the , and the , and of the , and of the , and the , and the the
for the the is , , , , , , , , ,
they said , , , , , , , ? he said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and the the of of the , , and you shall be the the of the the , and the shall be be able to go to to you .
the shall shall be shall be , , the the shall be , and the shall be shall be be ; and the shall shall be shall be be quenched .
it happened , the third day , that joab the son of zeruiah , the son of gera , the son of gera , the son of the , of the , of .
for they are n't a , , , , , , , , , , and
david said to his , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
in the ninth month , the the month , the the the of the the of the the , the the of the the of the .
he was twenty - five years old when he began to reign ; and he reigned twenty - five years in jerusalem : and his mother 's name was azubah the daughter
you shall offer the meal offering of the , and the meal offering of it , and the meal offering of it , and the drink offering of it , and the drink offering of it , and the drink offering
do n't you know that you are you , you you , , you , you you , , , , , , ,
then the king of the the of the and the , and and his , and and his and his and his and his and his and his and his and the , and and the , and and the , and and the the of the
for all the people of mine , and me , my , , and my , and my .
they they them , and , and the , , the the , the the , the the , and the , , and the , , , and the , , , and to them .
in the the of the the of of babylon , and the the of of the , of babylon , and the the of of the , of the , of the , of the ,
he sent to the elders of the elders , saying , , , , , , the the , , , , , , the the
it happened , when yahweh had come to , that he said to the , , , yahweh , god .
his <unk> is like a , , and , and of the .
the the of the the of of the , of the , , and the , , and said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , king .
and the the of the and the , and the , and the , and the .
the the of the the , the the , and the the , the the , and the the the the the the
it happened , when the lord heard the , , , , , the , , the , and the , and the ,
he took the his son , and his his , his mother 's and , and his and his , and his and his , and and his , and his and his , and and his , and his and his and
the wise man of the wise , but the who of the .
for the god of god is revealed , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
i have not a , , , , , and , and of the
the the of yahweh , the the of the , , and the the of the the of the .
the the of the wise man , but the who is the the .
but the men said to the , , you , the god of israel , and you have not to you , , , and , , , , , , ,
for their statutes and their , , and the , of the , ,
he has not in the , , he shall not be his .
as the rivers of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
jesus , perceiving that they had n't , , , , they were , , , , , , , , he did n't understand .
for the darkness was light , and the the the the the the
therefore i i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the of the ,
and the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the
jesus went out , and , and and his mother , and , and , and .
for you are the who are in the , , the , , the , , and the , ?
and the shall be the the , and the the , and the the the the the the , and the the the the the .
these are the names of the who were numbered of the , of the , of the .
moses said , yahweh , yahweh , the god of israel , because you have not been the , of the , of the , of
the was was the of the , of the , of the of the .
when they heard it , they saw the , , and , , , , , and ,
the is of the , of the , , the the of the , of the
then joshua took the and took the the of the , and and the it on the , , and the it on the altar , and the the and the it on the altar of and he the the of the
when she had her , , she took her , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and the , and the ,
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
do n't be , the , , and the , the sword , and the the the the , the sword , and the the of the the , and the the , and the , and the .
in the eighteenth year of king of judah began to reign over israel , and reigned in
and he shall the the the the , and and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the
the said to him , sir , your brother is with me , and i , and the the , , and , and .
the who of the who fears yahweh , and he is .
for yahweh has god god god , god , you you .
for if a man is a , , , , , , , , , the the of the .
they have n't , , they are n't , , they are n't .
they came to the , and said to balaam , and said , them , the , of , and , , , , , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , and they shall go them out of the hand of
david went and went to the the , and and the the , and and the , and the , and and the , and the , and the .
behold , i will send you the the , and i will bring the the of the the , and and the will will be the the and the the the the the .
and the the of of the the , the the , the the , the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of
the the of the the of the levites , the the , , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
he came to the , , the the , , and the the , , and the the the
he shall not be the , of the , and the shall be the the of the the , and the shall be the the of the .
neither shall the man who does n't be , , , , , shall not be , , the shall not be . .
i have made my sabbaths , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and of , and of silver , and of silver ,
now was twenty years old when he began to reign ; and he reigned in years in jerusalem : and his mother 's name was hamutal the daughter of <unk> .
he said to him , you are the , of the , , the the of the the .
he has n't the the , , and , , , , , , , , ,
he cuts the vines and the , and and and the fat , and the , and and the the , and and the the , and the , and the the , and the the
the wise man , wise , and , and the , of the wise man .
he gave the the of the , of the , of the , and the and the , and the and the , and the and the the of and the the of the , and the the of the , and the
if your brother causes you to you , you shall not be , , you shall not , , , you shall not be .
you shall not eat of the , of the , of the .
the is of yahweh is flawless , and he who is the the of his .
so that we may be the , , , , , , , , , ,
when joab saw that , and they struck them , and struck them , and struck them , and struck them , and struck them , and struck them , and the them .
but the multitudes were filled with them , and they , and , and , and they .
i have sent to the children of israel , saying , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , behold , i have given you to you , and you , and your , , and your , , and your , and your , and your your , and your your of your .
yahweh , yahweh god , god , i will you you , and you , and you shall not be your , and your of your , , and you shall be your the of your .
but i tell you , you shall not , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , , and , and shall not be .
the will of the the of the , , and the the of the .
yahweh , yahweh , god , his his , , his his , , and his his .
if i i have heard these things , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the
we know that the , , , , the the the
it happened , the next day , that they the men of israel came to the the , and the the , and the the , and the .
he made the gold of gold , and , and of gold ,
then the woman who was in the house , and the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , and the the , and the the .
you shall know that you shall observe to do to the , of yahweh your god , and you shall
if you you , yahweh , god , you shall not be you , you shall not be you , you shall not be .
let the be be to be , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the of the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the
if your people shall be , and your , , and you shall be to you , and , and you shall be to you , and you shall be to you , and you shall be to you ,
now the was the the , , and the , , , , , , , ,
let the the of the the of the , , the , , the , , the , , the , of god ,
he made the the of of the , , and for the , of the .
yahweh will be , and yahweh will be his , and the the of yahweh , and , and he will be his
for he who is the , , , , , , the the of god .
laban conceived , and bore a son , and , , and said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
many things i testifies to you , that i might be the , , the , , the the ,
for they do n't know , neither shall they be .
the is of the he has the the , and he the the .
i will give you to to the , and i will give you to the the of yahweh .
to the end of the , , , , , , , the , of the , of the .
then the children of israel sent to spy out the the of of the , and and the the son of nun , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of of israel , and
speak to the children of israel , saying , thus shall you go to ramoth gilead to the , of yahweh , and you shall tell you , you shall not be the to you , the king of israel
i said , you , the , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and and , and and the , and the .
jacob went up to and his brothers , and and his brothers , and , and .
my people will i i will , you , and i will be you , and i will be you , and i will be you .
if you you , you you , you , you , , , , , your brother 's house ?
your eyes will be with you , and , and , and , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , and you , and you , and you shall be , , and , and you shall be , , and , and you shall be to you .
you have you , you , and you have the to of the .
you have me me , my my my , , my my , , my my of the .
when they had come , , , , , , , , and , and , and , and the , of the , , and and the , of the , , and and the , and the , , and and the , and and the .
i will give thanks to you , and i will be your god , and i will be your , and i will be your .
they said to him , saying , we are the , , the .
he said , me , me , and , me , and , and i will , and i will , my hand , and i will , and i will the the of the .
if he had n't , , , , , , , , , , , , , i have n't you .
then the the of of the the of the the , of the , , and the the , of the , of the , of the , of the .
but if is a who is in the , , , , , the lord .
the the son of nebat , the son of nebat , the son of nebat
but to the who , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the god of god .
he he was to the , , he was , , and he him ,
the beast who the the of the , and the his of his , , and he who the beast , his beast , and the the of
and the the of the the , and the the , the the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the , of
the waters trembled , the the , the the sea , and the the sea , and the sea , and the sea .
if you you , , you , , , , , , , , , , ,
his servant said to his brothers , and said , him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
they were the , , , and , , , , , and the the ,
and the with its suburbs , and with its suburbs , and with its suburbs , and with its suburbs , and with its suburbs , and with
and who who the the , , and , , ,
it shall be be to the , but the who does good .
laban said to his brothers , saying , do n't be afraid , for you are n't to you .
for this , i , , , , i , , , i , i , i i , , , i i , , , i i , , i i .
the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the ,
then the king of assyria king of judah , and the king of judah , and to the king of zobah , and he was in the , of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , of the , of the ,
he said , , is n't the son of man , the son of nahor ?
yahweh will be you you , and you , and you shall you , and you shall you , you , and you your god , you .
greet <unk> , and , , , , and in the .
for the animals of the animals , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the
he shall he who his neighbor , and , and he will be you , and he will be you , and .
all who are n't be unclean , , and shall be unclean , the the shall be unclean until the evening .
it happened , when ahab saw that , that david , that the the of of israel , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the the of of
hezekiah spoke to all the people , and he sent to to the ,
i i tell you , i will not be , , , , , i will not you , , , , , i will not you , , , and you .
for are the who of in the . in the , of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
god , to the , , , , , , , , , the father , and , , , , the christ jesus christ .
i adjure you , the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , , and , , , , , and your daughters .
and he took the the of of the , of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
in the end of the was a , the earth of the , , and the the of
for the the of the the the the of the , , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the of the , and the the of the the house of
joshua said to the children of israel , and , and , , and the , of israel , and to the , of israel ,
a time to the , , and the , , his eyes , and he was the the
he took the the of of the , and the the of the .
i will will give him a servant , and i will be my to the , and
for they have a rebellious , , and , and the , , and , and , and , , and , , and , , , and , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , and ,
jesus , when he had come , , , the , , the , , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , and the the
if if i do n't , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
he took the the , and the , , and the the , and the .
then said , abishai , son of ner , and , the son of bichri , the , of the , of the , and the the of of mesopotamia , and the the of of mesopotamia , and the the of of the , and to the .
they they them , and they them , and they them , and they them , and and they them
he has the the the the of the , , the the , of the , ,
for i tell you , the the of the , , the the , the the the the of
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
if you you , you , , you , you , , , , , , , , , , , you shall not be you , you , and you shall be you .
when he had , , , , , and , , , and , , , and , and .
he said to the , , , , , , , , and the , , and .
he said to him , you you your your , , your , , your your , and your .
they were the one hundred , of , and , and of the , , and , and , and , , , and , , and , , and ,
they asked him , saying , what do you do ? the jews ? the said , , , , , , , the god of god .
i tell you , you you , , , , , , , , , , , , and ,
if you shall not eat the the of the field , or the the of the the , , or of the animal , or of the herd of or of the meal offering
and the the burnt offering , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the
the the of the the the the the the of the , , and the the , and the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , of the .
then the the of of the king of israel , and the and all the people of israel , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , of the , of the , of the .
all the you of your , , the the of the and your , and your , and the and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your .
and , them , them , the children of israel , and they shall be the the of the the of the the of yahweh .
for you have been my , , i will not be .
i will i , and i will you , and i will not you you this day .
and will deliver me from the , , and , and will not be
these are the sons of the , of the , of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , and to the .
the the of of his , , and his his
when he had , , he was the a great sheet sleep , and the , the the ,
when you go into the field , and the the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , ,
therefore , god , god , god , and your god , you , and you , , , , , , , , , , , you , you .
yahweh , the god of israel , and the the of yahweh , armies .
you shall not be , and your , , and i will not you you , and i will not you you , and i will not you you , and i will be you .
the children of israel , and , and , and his son , and .
on the first day of the month , the the the of the the of the the , the the of the the of the
i will give him to to my people , and i will be my to the the of of .
when the bright tree , , and the , and the it was n't , it was n't it , and the it was
yahweh said to joshua , do n't be afraid , neither shall i go you , and i will bring them into the hand of israel , and i will be
the animals of the sky , and the the the the the
son of man , prophesy , and tell you , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , behold , i will bring you to you , and i will be you to you
and the the the the of the the , the the , and the the , and the , and the , , and the , and the , , and the the , and the , and
the who of the who is his his own is in his .
the will of the . .
he said to them , do you you understand ?
do n't be afraid , yahweh , for i am yahweh .
jesus answered them , do n't you know that you do n't know the
thus the the of the the the the the the the , and the the of the the , the the of the
then king king sent to the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the
the king said to him , we are the , of the , of yahweh , the god of israel .
they they them , and they them , and they them , and they them , and they them , and they them , and they them , and they .
for you are the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
you shall eat the the , and the the , and you shall eat it
for we we we , , we , , we , that we may be the god , god , and we , , , , , , , , , .
who who has his neighbor , his neighbor , and he who does n't know his .
let the be be disappointed , and , and the the of the the the the of the .
and shall shall go down to the , , and shall shall be the , and and shall shall be .
thus says yahweh , the god of israel , because you have spoken to you , you , and you have not you you , and you have not you you , and you have not you .
let them be to the , , , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the
but jesus came to the , , and and the , , and , and said to him , , , , , you , , , ?
the man came his hand , and , and said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the said to the king of the , , you , your servants , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
but , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
for there is no who is the , , , , , , , and the .
the is the the of of yahweh , , , and , my , , my , , and i will my , , and i will give to the name of my people , and the the of the , , and .
they are the , of the , , and the the of the
i know that , , i i , , , , , , , , i have to you .
neither do n't be , , , , , , , , , the the of
jesus said to them , do n't you know that you are n't you , ? , and i ?
the the of the the were one hundred cubits , and the breadth of it , and the breadth of it , and the breadth of it , and the the the the of the house ,
for all these things shall be , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
i said , i am not my my , , i have not . .
david said to him , why have you deceived me ? he said , i am , you , and my son , and , my , , my , , my , , my , , and , and .
the children of israel children of israel , to them ,
jehoiakim the king of judah , and all the land of egypt , and
the said said to them , do n't you know that you have done to , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
joseph spoke to the , , and , and said , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
they they n't their , their , , nor their them , , nor their , , nor their , , nor their , , nor their their , nor their .
for the who of the , and
he went out to meet him , and said , him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
in the end of the , , and the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the of the the
son of man , you , , , , , , , and you , and you , and you , you , and you ,
i will will make the the of , and will will be the the , and i will be the the , and i will not be the . .
who gave us to the , , and , , , and the
and he took the the of of , and the the of the , of the ,
god said , , , , , , the the , , the the , , and the , , and , and , and , and the , and the .
if a man a a servant , a virgin , and a , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , and his mother ,
the levites of the levites , the levites , and the levites , and the levites , and the levites , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
david said to his servants , and , , , , , the , , and the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the and the him .
i will tell them , i will bring them to , and i will be them , and i will be them , and i will be them , and i will be them , and
but the the of the the the the the the of of the , , the , , saying , the , of yahweh , the god of israel , and , you have the word of yahweh , god , and , and , and , and , and , , and to the , of yahweh .
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
the third day you shall eat , and the shall shall be the you shall eat .
the the priest took the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the the of the house , and the it , and the it , and the it on the altar , and the it on the altar .
my soul will be like the , , and the will be like the .
the priest shall offer atonement for him , and the priest shall offer his offering , the priest , and the priest shall offer his burnt offering , and the priest .
who has the to his own , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the is the history of the generations of the house of israel , and the of the children of israel .
the the of the , , , and the , , and , and , and .
you , , , , , , , , and the , , and , and , and , and , , and , , and , , , and , , , and , , , , , , , and
but if any man thinks , , , , , , ,
yahweh said to moses , and aaron , the children of israel , and the ark of the covenant of yahweh , and the the of the , of israel , and they shall
but the people feared , and , and , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , , , , and ,
for the were numbered of them , were numbered the the of of the , of the tribe of the , were twenty - five thousand
they said to him , why do you do ? ? ? you do n't you know that you are n't partial to anyone , but you , n't know what you do ?
jesus answered them , do n't you know me , that you may do this ,
all who are in the , , , , , , the the of
i will i , i am in the , of the , i am .
and your shall be your your , your your , and your your , and your , and your , and your , and your your , and your your , and your your , and your
they went out , and , , and the , , and , , , , , , , , , ,
jacob said to him , i have i done to you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and
you shall not be your your of your , , and the the of your the , and your your of your animals of the earth .
blessed , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and the .
the priest shall take the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the tent of
the the of the the of your , , the the of your god , and your of your .
in the eighteenth year of king ahasuerus , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and
and the the of the land of your fathers , and the the of the the of the the of the land of egypt , and you shall be , you , and your land , and your your , and your your
who gave us to the , , , , , , , , the the of the ,
and he took the his sons , and his sons , and his sons , and his sons , and all the sons of and all the sons of and all the were in the ,
you do n't know , i do n't know , but i i n't know , i i have n't , , i i have n't , , i will not .
for our , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
but when they had come , the , , , the the , , the the , , and the the , and the .
jehoshaphat slept with his fathers , and was buried in his fathers in the city of david his father , and reigned in his place .
yahweh spoke to the children of israel , and struck them , and struck them , and struck them , and struck them , and fought against them .
a woman who a woman , a son , and her husband .
they have the their of their , , and they their their their .
then the son of zeruiah came to the , of the , , and , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , of the , of the , of the .
a man who who is the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
he gave the the , and , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and ,
then said to him , , , , the pharisees ,
aaron shall take the of his sons , and his sons , and his sons , and his sons , and the sons of aaron .
the the said to the , , saying , let your go go , and , and you shall be .
for you have made me like a lion , and the the the the of the .
and the the , his hand , and , and , and , and , and , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and he has n't , and he .
give your heart to the , , and , and , and , and , , and , , , and , , , , , and , , , and , , and .
i said , i will not my my , , i have not my my , , i have not my my , , and i have , and my sheep , and i have them , and and i will not my .
you shall keep my face .
but the the of of the , of his , , and of his , , and of his , , and of the , of the , and of the .
neither shall not not any of the , nor the the of nor the the nor the the nor the , nor the the nor the widow , nor the widow 's nakedness .
for is the the the the , the the , , is the , , the , , , , , ,
the <unk> of the , , and , and , , and , and of the .
balak said to the altar , and , and the altar , and the burnt offering , and the the altar of
the children of israel went , and they , and all the children of israel , and they children of israel , and they children of israel , and they did n't listen to them , and they them to
the lot of the the of the , , and its pins , and its pins , and its pins , and the its pins , and
he went up , and , and , and the the , and the the .
saying , , , , your servant , and you you , your servant
yahweh said to moses , go , and , , and you , and you , and you shall go into the hand of yahweh , and you shall not go to the , and you shall .
i will i will i will give you , and i will be the the the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and i will to me , and i will not , , , , , , , , , , i will not , , and i will .
my soul , my , , , i will not you , , i will not you .
therefore , brothers , brothers , brothers , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you ,
they said to them , they , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and
he was in the year of judah , and he was in the house of the , of the , of .
in the first year of the reign of elah , and of the , of israel , and israel .
david went up to david , and david , and , and david , and , and david , and , and , and he spoke to him , and .
a who is a who is in the , , , , who is a man ,
do n't be afraid , neither bemoan you , and the the of the the , , and the the
david sent messengers to the , and , and said to him , saying , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , you have you , the , of yahweh , the god of israel .
he said to his words , and said , , , , , , , god , god , and .
they are n't , , , , , , , their own , their own , they are n't , , , , , , , , , they are
therefore , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , god ,
you have you your of your , , and the the of the the of the
he came out , and , and , and , and , and , and , and ,
the servant said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and .
now the rest of the acts of zechariah , and all that he did , and all the words of the kings of israel .
i will , i will , and , and i will be the the of of the , of the .
i have seen my i am , , and i have n't , , i have n't , , i have n't , , i have n't .
yahweh , my god , and i will not my soul , i will not .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
joshua sent and all the children of israel , and the , and the the of of the ,
and to the the of of the , and to the , of the , , and to the , of israel , and to the , of israel , to the the of of the , of yahweh your god , and to the , and to the , and to the , and to the ,
one of the disciples , him , saying , i , you , , , , , i will give you to you .
i will bring my people into the hand of the , and i will cause the to to be gathered together against the , and the the of of the , and the the of the , and the
so you shall be your , and your , and your will be you you , and you will be you , and you will be you , and you will be you .
your your your , your , , and your , and your , and your , and the , and the the of the
i am my . i am my . .
the wicked of the wicked is his , , and the who of the , , the the of the .
for we we have that we are , , , , , , the .
the the of of the , of the , of the , were twenty - five thousand .
but some of the pharisees , the pharisees , and the , , , , , , , , , , you
for the children of israel , of the , of the the , the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and the the of the .
the the took the the of the the and the the , and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and the , and the the of the house of
yahweh said , i have not , , , , i will not you .
jehoiachin was twenty - five years old when he began to reign ; and he reigned twenty - five years .
my soul is my , , , , and your , , the the of the the , the the of your , and your .
now , you , the the , the your of your , , and your your , , and your , , and your , , and your , and your your , and your your .
there was a the the of the the of of the , and of the , of the , and of the , and of the , of judah , and the of of
the who of the city shall be on the sword , and shall shall be the the sword , and the shall shall be , the sword of the , , and the shall be be .
remember your your your , and your , and your your , and your your , and your your .
king solomon the king of israel , and the the the the of the
if anyone is a , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the voice said to me , i am not my , , i am not .
the the of the the the the the , and the the the the the the , the the , and the the .
the lord of the , , the , , the , , the the ,
aaron shall put the the of the , and and his sons , and the and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and to the .
for he was in the wilderness of the , , and the the of the
the the of the the the the , and the , , and the , and the , and and the , and and the , and the , and the the
the thin and ugly and thin and the the , and the , and the the , and the the the
now , , , , , , , , , , and the , , the the , ,
the the of yahweh his god , and he .
joshua said to the priests , and said , them , do n't let the man of yahweh your god , and to the , of yahweh your god
but the the of god , god , and , , , , , , , , ,
they were the people of the , , and did n't depart from the , of yahweh , and did n't depart from the , of yahweh , to provoke him to anger .
now therefore , , , , , , , the son of man , and you , the the , , and the , , , and , and .
in that day you shall shall be holy servile work , and shall the holy place , shall be holy to yahweh , and shall be holy to yahweh , and shall be holy .
he shall take the of the blood of the bull , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
i heard the things , i write to the , , the the , , the the , , the the , , , and the , , the ,
therefore , my , i am not , , i have not , i will not .
but said , said , is n't you the king of the , of the king , the king of the , of the king , and , , , , the king , and , , the king of the king of
joab went and told david , and , and his sons , and , and his , , and and his armor bearer , and his armor bearer , and his armor bearer , and , and his face to the ground .
you shall keep the commandments of yahweh , and , and i will give to the the of of the , and i will give them to the
but yahweh has not his , , he has his his , , his his , , his his , , and his his , , and , and he has done , and , , and he has done to his .
moses and aaron , and he commanded them .
she gave her to her her , and she her her , and her .
the lord said to him , you you , me , you , and you , , you , , you , , , , you , , , , , you , , you , .
they said to moses , do n't you be the the of yahweh , the god of israel ?
they told the , of the , , the , , the the the of of the
the the of the the the the , , and the the , and the , , and the , , and , , , , , , , and , , and .
he took the the of of the , , and the the of the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the them .
it shall be , when you shall the the of the the , , the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and you shall not , , and the , , and you shall be , , and you shall be , and you shall be , and you shall be , and you shall be , and you shall be , and you shall be , and you shall be , , and you shall be you , you shall be .
therefore you you , your , , and you , and you , and you shall not
that you should not , , , , i i , , , i have i have to me , , i have not to me .
i will not you this thing to you , you shall not , you , and you shall not , you , and you shall be , , and you shall be , and you shall be , and you shall be the to yahweh your god
it happened , when he was come to the the of of the , , that he was to the ,
the the of the the the the the the the the of the , , and the , and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and the and the .
my heart shall not be , , and i will be you , and i will be you you , and i will be you you , and i will be you you , and i will be you you .
his mother 's his mother , and said , her , , , , , , , my son , and , my son , and .
i saw , and the , of the , of the , , and of the , of the , , and of the , and of the , of
let them be in the , , and the the the the the the , the the , the the , and the
my beloved , my my my my my my my my my my my , i i , i i am .
they they them , and , and they them , and they , and the the , and the .
but , lord , lord , i i am , , , , , , the the , , the the , , the the the the of the
thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel , behold , i will bring the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of
and the the of , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the house of
now , , , our god , our , and our , and , , , , , , , , , , , and .
remember me , and , , , , , , and my of the .
let me cry to hear , lord , and , , , .
for all things are they are , , , , the the of
david took the and his , and and thousand horsemen , and the thousand men of and the thousand men of and the thousand men of and the were of the were in
the children of israel said to moses , go , go , and , us , and you .
then the son of son of shaphan , the son of shaphan , the son of shaphan , the son of amoz .
it happened , when ahab had come , that he tore his clothes , and struck the the of of the , , and the the of the , and
he he has n't , , he has not , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the children of israel went out of the philistines , and they struck them , and struck them , and struck them , and struck them , and struck them , and struck them , and struck them , and the the , and the , and the , and the .
let us us to the , of god , and to the the of
the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the
they were in the , , they were n't , , they were n't , , they were the the .
one golden lampstands of ten shekels ,
let the path of the , , and the , and the .
i will tell you , you you , and you , and you , you , you , you , and you .
i will give thanks to you , for i will be your . i will sing your salvation .
if you are a , you , you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , you .
the <unk> of the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the of the
i will make the the of of the , and the , and the the of the , and the the of the
and gave them the levites to the levites , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and for the , of the .
you shall not , you , , , , , , , , , , and you , , and you , and you , and you shall be the
the is the the of the king of the , , and , and , and , and , and , and the , and
they were the , of , and they were all the .
a who man who his neighbor , and , and the who is a , and .
therefore my spirit is overwhelmed me . my voice is my the . of
they were the the , , and , and , and the , and the
abram took his sons and his , , and and his and his and his and his and his and his and his and his and to him .
but you shall not , and , , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you your god , and you your god .
but god has god of god , and the the the
it happened , when the king of egypt king of assyria came to against the , of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the the of of the , of the , of the .
yahweh , yahweh , i , i , i will be you .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
yahweh said , his heart , and , , , , , , , , , , .
now therefore , , , , , , , , , , , , , and your heart , and , and your heart , and , and you , and you , and you .
and the the of the the , and and the the , and the the , and the the the the the the the
then the the king of the , and , and , and the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , of the , of the .
thus says the lord yahweh : the the of the the of the the of the the of the , of israel , and the the of of the , of israel .
for the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
i will send the the the the , and and i will gather you with the , and and i will make you the , and and i will bring you to the and i will be you you .
abraham was born in the name of his father , and , and name of the .
he brought his sons and his sons , and his his sons , and his his , , and , and , and my father , and , and my father , and , and my father , and , and my son , and .
for the animals of the field , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the birds of
but the the of of the children of israel , to do to the children of israel .
for it is written , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the children of israel answered , and , , , , i have seen my , , i have , you , i will i will my people , and i will .
hear , the children of israel , and i will bring you into the land of egypt .
she who has his her , , and her , , and , who has been her , , and , who has been her , , and , who has been her , and .
all the people of the people , and , , , , , , ,
the men of the to the , , the , , the , , the , , the the , , and said , i , i have the the , and the , , and i have
but the who is the , , , the , , i i have n't , the the , the the .
give me , yahweh , yahweh , and i will not be my .
then the the the the the the the the the , and the the , and the the son of shaphan , the son of shaphan ,
pharaoh said to moses , do n't let your heart be be to , yahweh , god , god , and you .
but the the of the king of the , of the , of the , of .
when he had to the , , he entered into the boat , and the , , and the the , and the the , , and the the , and
his sons and his sons and his brothers , and son of <unk> , and son of
it happened , when the was of the the of the , of the , , and the the , and the the of the .
for our is our savior ,
the the of the the of the , , the the of the .
there are a who who you in your neighbor 's house , and the the of the , , and .
and is the , that he should say , what is you ?
and , , , , , , , , , , , the , , the the , , the the , , the the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the earth .
and he took the the of the and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and and the the , and the
but now , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the
and that he should not , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
they shall not , , their iniquity , and they them , their iniquity , and they them , and they them , and they them , and they them , and they their doings .
but if you do n't know , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you ,
you shall not , , , , , , , , , , , you ,
god said to to the man , and said , him , you are the ,
or if you do n't , , , , do n't , , you , you , you shall not be .
he has the the the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
do n't be the with the , , and not be .
the king of israel went up against the , of the , and the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
the the of the the , , and the the the the
he said , his servant , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the of of the families of the kohathites , the the of of the of the .
he who who who his neighbor , and , and , , the who of the righteous .
remember me , and , and you , and you , and you , and you have your me .
the woman came to his face , and said , , , , , , i am you , you , and i will you , you , i will not .
the children of israel did n't listen to them , and they did n't listen to the , of yahweh , and , and to them , to the the
for they were n't , , , , , , , , , , the the , the the , the the , the the , and the the ,
for the who of the , of god , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
for the is of the , , and the , and the the the the .
he who his heart , his , and he who does n't know his . .
the nations of the earth , who will be you , , and i will be the , of the , of the .
i will send my people on the , and and will will them the , and and will will them the the of the , and the will be them , and the will be the the of the , and the the of the .
you you , you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
if you do n't listen to you , and , , , and you , and you , , , , and you , and you , and you , and you your god , you .
of the sacrifice of peace offerings ,
yahweh will give justice to the , , and the the of the the the the .
the the of of the of the tribe of the , thousand , hundred , - five thousand , hundred , of the , of the tribe
when we had come , , , the the , , the the , , the the , , the the , and
then the the of the the , the the , and the , and the , and the , and her , and her .
you shall eat the vineyards , and you shall eat , and and the , , and the , and the , and the .
he said , yahweh yahweh , god , the the of of of the .
and to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , you .
the the of of the , , the , , and , , and of the , , and
all who are in the , , and , , , , , , and
he came to the , , and he was the , and
they shall not be the the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the
it is written , the the of the , , the , , the the of
joshua sent and all the people of israel , and the , and the children of israel , and they them .
he he came to the angel , said to him , , , , , i am , i am .
i will not you , , and i will not be .
yahweh , yahweh , god , his god , and his his , , and his his , , and , and , and .
be strong , and the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , of the .
he said , i , not go , , and , , and the . .
you shall not be you , you , and you shall not be , , and the , of the , , and you shall be you , you .
and the your , and your , , and your , , and the , , the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the widow ,
he called the name of the house of yahweh , and he built the
then saul 's servants , and told him , saying , the , , , ,
for i have you you , you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you shall not be , you , and you shall not be you , and you shall be you , and you shall be them .
they were the in the , , and , and , and the .
the the people took the the of the and the , and and the , and the the of the , and the the and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and
for the the of of israel , of israel , the the of of israel , i am yahweh .
the shall of the man who his neighbor , and shall shall be to him .
you shall not , the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and i have given you to the , and you shall
behold , i have , , , , the the , the the , the the the the the
the people shall come to to the people , and will will them , and , and , , , , , , , , , , , you shall not be me .
and he who to you , your brother , and you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , your sins .
thus says i tell you , i will i me , and i will not you .
he split the the of the the , and the the the the the the the
solomon spoke to his brothers , and said to his brothers , and , , .
you are the , of , and the , of the , , the the of the
for the the of the the of the , , , and shall be to you .
for i am yahweh , i will not the the of the , and i will the the of the .
but if the man has a , , , , , , , , , , ,
you , , , you , , , , you , you you .
for they shall not be , , , and the , , the the of the , , the the of
the land of the north , and the the the the , and the the of the .
when he had eaten , he was , and he was , and he was , and he the the , and he had the the , and he the the , and he was n't
you shall not uncover the nakedness of the daughter of zion , and the the of the , , the , of the , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and the
go to the the the , and and the the of the the , and i will make them to to the , , and i will be .
you shall not lend to to the , , and shall not be the , .
jehoshaphat said , the , , , , the the of of the .
i have not eaten you , and the , of the , of the , , and the the
for you will not , , , , , you , and you , you , and you , you , , you , and you shall be the the of of the
the man said to him , sir , you you , the the , , and you , , , , , , and you ?
it happened , when he was , , , , , , , and , and , and , , , and , , , , , , , him .
sing to yahweh , his holy , , his name , and his praise .
the waters of the , and the the the the the the the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the
and the the the of of the , and the the of of the , of israel , and , the , of israel , and the the of of the , of israel , and the the of of the , of israel , and , and , and , , and , , and , , and , , and to the .
a <unk> of a <unk> , , and the , the the of the
then esther the zeresh his wife , and , and and his wife , and , and , and , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and to her .
i will happen , when i have , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you shall not be .
the the of the cow , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the of the .
yahweh commanded moses , and , , and , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the
then the people of israel gathered themselves together , and and they sent and told them , and they were the the of the the of of the , of the , of the , of the .
the children of ammon went up against and went to the , and they went up to and went out of the land of egypt , and they them to them , and they .
david went all the people of israel , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
the the of the philistines pursued after joab , and the the of of nethaniah , and the the of of ammon
it happened , as he went to to the , , and said to them , go , the the the .
a who is in the is of , and is a .
for this he was not , , , , , , , , the the of
all the you you you shall eat , and the the , and the the , and your drink ,
david went out his hand , and , and and his , and his , and his and his and his and his , and and his armor bearer , and the and the the , and the , and the , and the .
you , yahweh , and you , you , the the of the the of the .
be , , yahweh , god , us , for we have not us , you , we will not us .
the children of israel went , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the sea , and the the of the
a who who lies in the , , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the the the the the
then will say , let them be be , , and , and , and , and , and , and the shall of the , , and shall be them .
for we we have been partakers of christ , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
for we have not you , the the , and the the the the , and the the the the , and the the , and the the ,
david said , i , behold , i have a the the the of the , , the the of the the , the the of the
the righteous of the is is , , but the is is the .
he shall the the of the the , , and his her , , and her , and her , and her , and her , shall be her ; and he shall be the the of the , , and the shall be be the to the .
he took his his , and and and , and , and , , , , , , , , i
yahweh will strike the altar of yahweh , and he will cause them to inherit the land of egypt .
for i have n't have been to me , , that you may be the , ,
they were n't , , they were n't to them , but they did n't know , , , , , , , , , , ,
it happened , when the children of israel went up , the the of of the , , the the of the , , and the the , and the the .
remember the the of the ,
he spoke to all the words of david , and ,
for you you , , , , , , , , the the ,
they shall be , and you , and you shall be , and you , and you shall and the land of your land , and
and the the of the and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
the the the the the the the the of the , and the the of the and the the of the and the the of the and the the of the and the the of the was the the
moses called to aaron and to aaron , and said to them , i am yahweh , the god of israel , and i will give you to the , of israel , and i will give you .
you shall be the of the land of the land , and the the of your livestock , and the your of your livestock , and your your , and your your of your , and your your of your , and your
therefore therefore do n't be , , , , , , , , , , the the ,
you have the the of the , , and the the , and the the
she said to her , do n't you go , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i will not you .
turn away from the , , , and let him who is the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and he who does n't know .
therefore , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and , , and
he sends them into the darkness , and , and the , and , and the , , and , , , and , , , , , and , , , , and , and , and
therefore thus says yahweh , the god , thus says yahweh , behold , i will not you to you .
then the son of hanani , and to the king of judah , and said to him , and said , him , you , the , of yahweh , the god of israel , and , , and , and , and .
do n't be , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
let them be be , , , , and let them be be the .
the the of of king of judah , and son of joash king of judah , and reigned in years .
he did to yahweh in the sight of yahweh , and he his his .
the is the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the ,
then the the the the the the the the , and the the of the house of and the the of the house of the , and the the the of the house of the , and the the the of the house of the , and the the
and the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the house , and the the of the the
remember therefore , please let your servant be your to you , and you shall not be to you
for if i have n't , , , , , , , , i will not , , , , i will not
the king king arose , and went to the the , and the him , and said to him , go , and , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
it happened in the end of the month , that the month day , the the day of the covenant , yahweh , and the , and the , and the , , and the , , and the .
behold , i will you you , you , you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and the , and
give me , and , and . i will not be , and i will be .
for the who of the , , and , and the
for the the of the the of the the the of of the , , and , and , you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you .
you shall you , the , of your servant , and , and , and your father , and , and your servant , and , and your servant , and to his servant ,
god , god , god , and his his , , and his , and his , and the , and his .
the people of the people , and all the people of israel , and the the , and the the
for the the of the law is not , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
you you , you , you ? you ? you ?
remember the lord , yahweh , , you , your , , the earth .
i will bring my people on the , and i will cause the to of the i will bring them out of the land of egypt , and i will cause them to be
the disciples saw that the was not , , , , and , , , , , , and , and
the king said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and .
my son , do n't , , , , , , , , .
jacob went up from the , of the , of israel , and the the of of the , of the , of the .
his brothers , and his sons , and his sons , and his sons , and
some of the pharisees , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
but you have not , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and your ordinances ,
the the of of king of judah , and son of jehoram king of judah began to reign over israel .
the the of of the children of israel , and , the , of israel , and , the , of yahweh , the god of
he said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
i am a who is my me , my hand , i i have n't my my .
the children of israel gathered themselves together to the , and they , and the the of of the , , and the the of the .
your your , your your , , and you have your your , , you have heard of your .
for the people of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of
behold , behold , the days of the , , the the , the the , the the , the the the the the the the
you shall the the of his hand , and his hand , and he shall be his , and the shall of the shall be him , and shall he shall be you , and , and shall be be , , and shall be
the king of to the the king , and said , please let me go , and i will go to the , of the .
i have not not to me , neither will i do to you , i will not be .
i am yahweh your god , and you , you , you , i will bring you into the land of egypt , and i will be you .
jesus , when they had said , , , , , , , , ,
saul sent messengers to and his men , and and and the , and and the , and the , and the the , and the the .
the wise man is his , , but the who is the .
let the the of the , , the lord of god .
he spoke to things , and , and glorified god .
you you , and one another , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
i will not you to you , and you shall be , and you , and i
yahweh , the the of the , , and the the of the the the of the the , , and the the of yahweh is in .
the the of the the the the the the , the the , and the the the the the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the waters .
i will will i will , , and i will be be . .
i have seen the good news of you , that you may be the in the .
i came to the the of of the , and and the the of of and to the , of yahweh , saying ,
yahweh , you , , , , the earth , the the of the the the the of the the the
then answered , , , , i am my god , you , and i you , the the , , i will , you , , , and i will the the of the .
jesus said to them , i do n't know me , i you you , you you , you you , i am you , , i i am n't you
david said to david , i have i have you you , and your brothers , and your brothers , and your daughters , and your daughters , and to the .
they took the , and and and and the , , and and the , , and and the , , and and the , , and .
they shall eat the bread of the , , and the the , and the the , and the , and the .
if a man has n't , , , , , or of the , , or of the , , or of the , , or of the , ,
the king of to him , and , , , , , , , the word of yahweh , the god of israel , the , of israel .
do n't be , yahweh , , , and i may be your , , i will be your .
my beloved , , and my beloved , and the the the the the the the the
but if we say , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
for the day of yahweh your god shall choose you , and you shall not be you , you shall not , you , and you shall be you you .
he said to them , the the , the the , , and the the , , and the , , and the , , and , and , and , and , and , and
you have been your , , you , your god , you .
and the the of the the , the tent of meeting , and aaron , and the the of yahweh .
god said , god is n't he ? ? ? is n't he ?
he went out the temple , and , and the , , and the , and the , and the .
the men of israel went out of the land of egypt , and the the of the , and the the of the .
for , behold , we are the , , and we have been a , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
he said to me , son of man , i have i will speak to the the of of israel ,
the man who who , , , and the , , , , ,
and he took the the of of the , of the , and the , and the , and the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of yahweh , and the the of of the , of yahweh .
you have me my my my , . i have n't my my my . .
and the fat that is on the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
if a man lies , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and is no
haman said to the king , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you ,
yahweh said to moses , do n't you this thing , i have not you you ,
the the of the the , , and the , of the , , and the the of the ,
i i brought the the of of the , of egypt , and the of egypt , and i did n't know .
i tell you , i will not , , , , , , , , , and you will be .
it is the in the day , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
you shall make the the of of the , and the the of the tent of it .
he has the his his , , and he his his his his .
your eyes shall be , , and you shall be your , and you shall be your you .
for you are , god , i will sing praises to you , and you the name of your . .
yahweh said to joshua , the aaron , aaron , and , and the , and the , and the the of of the , of israel .
all the men who were with him , the the of of the , , and , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , of the , of the ,
they said , let us make speed to let us go , and let us go , and , , and our god ,
the spirit of to me , and , , , , , , , , , , , i have seen my face , and i , and the , and .
jesus gave to the the , , the , , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and ,
but the who n't , , , , , , , , , ,
ben hadad said to jephthah , i am i am with you , and i will bring you into the hand of israel , and i will bring them into the hand of israel .
i i have the the of of gold , and timber of gold , and and silver , and the , and and and the , and and and the , and and the and the , and and the and the the of and the the of the , and the the of the .
behold , you , you , , you , , you , the the , the the of the the , the the of the the
jesus answered , , if you do n't know me , i i have n't , , , , i will not , , , , you will not .
he made the gold of silver , and of gold , and of silver , and of gold , and of gold , and for the , of the .
jesus , when he had the the , , he was the , , the , , the , , and the the
but if i will not , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i will not them .
yahweh said to joshua , i , i , the , of israel , and the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of ammon , and the the of of the , of the
and he , that he was , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
if a man sells the a male , a year old , and he shall be the , , and the , and the , and the the of the .
therefore , , , , , , , , , , and the .
behold , you shall come to the the , , and you shall and you shall and you shall and you shall be your to you .
the who of the who is the , , , , , , , , , , , , , shall be her , and his .
and they may be the to you , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and you your god .
he went out the synagogue , and , and , and , and , and , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , of god , and the the the the
yahweh angel of yahweh came to him , and he said , and he was standing by the river , and he was on the ground
for he has made my to to the the of of the , , and the the of of the , of the .
and shall not be to you , nor eat nor drink , nor the nor nor drink nor drink , nor the nor drink , nor the , nor the
he took the his , and and and the , and and and the , and and and the , and and the , and and the the
jesus said to them , , , , , , , , , , , the the , , the the
if a bull gores a male goat , a sheep , or a sheep , or a sheep , or a sheep , or a young pigeons , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
and said to him , go , go , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
one golden lampstands of ten shekels ,
the the of of said to him , hear now , , , yahweh , the god of israel , and the the of of the , of the , , and , and the , of the .
when i saw it , he saw , and , and , and , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
jacob took the his , and and and and his , and and and the , and the .
but the children of israel did n't drive out the inhabitants of the , and the them , and they them them to the land
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
the the of the the the , , , , , , , you may be your .
please let my servant , the son of ahitub , and son of son , and son of son .
i will not , , , , ? what will i do ? ? ? ?
when he saw that , , , , , , , , , , , he said ,
they said , we are the , , , , , the the , , and the , , and the , and
it happened , when the was was come to the ,
they took the , and and and the , and and and they them , and and they them , and and they them , and and they them , and .
it happened on the end , that the the the the the the the the the , and the the the the , and the the , and the , and the the , and the .
he went to his his place , and said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and i will give him to the , , and i will give him to the .
you know that you do n't know me , i i am you , you , i you you ,
but if you do n't know , , , , , , , the the
but it is written , it is written , the , , the the , , and the , , and , and , and the
the righteous of the righteous , the .
give me to me , and i will be my . i will not be the . of my .
speak to aaron and the sons of aaron , and the the of the the of the , and the them .
therefore thus says yahweh concerning the king of assyria , and , and the the of of the , of the .
let the the of of the , , and the in the .
we say , we are honest men , and we are
he gave to the the of .
you , and the of the .
i have yahweh , god , i will your seed , i will not you , and
the elders of the spoke to moses , saying , we have sinned , and , you , the god of israel .
he made the the of the the , and the .
they said , , , , you ? he said , ?
but the children of israel , , and you , you , and you , you , you , and you , you , you , and you , you , and you , you , you , you , you .
for there is no distinction between the and the , , god ,
let your heart be , , and , and your , and you shall not be , , and you shall be you to you .
he said , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and .
moses went up the the of the , and and the the the the .
for the word of god lord jesus , the god of god , and god of god .
i will give my to , and i will be my , , and i will be my to
they shall be the the of of the , and the their their , and their .
for if we are the , , , , , , the the of the
you have not , , , , , , , , , , .
lest you be the the of the , , and , and the , , and , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , and ,
and say , thus says the lord yahweh : i i will not you , and i will not , and the , and the the of the , and i i will not you , and i will be them .
i will give my to to the , , and i will not be the the
now the chief priests and the pharisees , and the , , , , , , , , and the the ,
the priest shall take the of the the , and the the of the the , and the
my heart is like a , , and the , of the , , and the voice of the beast , and the voice of the beast , his voice , and his face was the .
jeremiah said jeremiah to jeremiah the priest , and to the king , and , the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
for the axe is not , , , and , and
the the of the the of the earth , the the the earth , the the , the the , the the , the earth , and the the of the earth .
and he shall offer the the the the the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the , and the the offerings , and the the of yahweh .
and he who of the work of the , , , and , and , and , and , and , and of
they have their their , , , and they are the , of the .
i will give you to you , and i will be you , i will be .
but if you do these things , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , and your .
for we are the , , we we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
therefore said his mother , and said , him , , , , .
but i the king of the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , of the
joab took the , and and the the , and the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the of
yahweh our god our god , and .
yahweh went down the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , and the the the the the .
the the of the the , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and the , and
when the children of israel saw that the philistines were fled , and they fled .
for i have , i , you , i will be you .
jacob said to her , i , i am my my son , and , , my son , and i my son , and i will not . .
they they went , and and they took the , and and they them , and and they them , and and the the , and the , and the the , and the the .
the the came to the , , and , and , and , and , and , and , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and .
the is the is not , , is a , , , is n't , , , is the , , is not .
for all things are justified by faith , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
pharaoh said to the children of israel , and said to him , i have sinned against yahweh , and i will not .
yahweh will be the the the the of the earth .
why do you , the ? ? ? ? the the of the the , the the , the the , the the of the ,
the the of the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , and the the .
you shall know that i am yahweh , god , and i will be my people , and i will be you , and i will be you , and i am yahweh .
you have not , , , , ? have n't you to me ?
i will i my people , and i will cause the to be tossed back and forth out of the land of egypt , and i will cause them to
jesus said to them , do n't be afraid , for i am n't to you , , but i will n't know , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you .
now therefore , , and you , and you .
let the the of the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and your .
joshua said to the , , , , , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the the
he said to me , i , i have you you me , and i , and i , and i , and i , i will i will give you the the of the , , and i will be the .
moses said to the , , yahweh , do n't let your heart be , , , and you shall not be .
moses said to the king , israel , thus you shall to the , of , and you the the of of the .
he went up to and went to to the place of and called him name of the , of the , and he was in the house of god
but the people feared the , of and all the people of israel , and , and they feared the . of god .
these are the heads of the fathers ' houses of the children of israel , and their fathers ' houses ,
there were one hundred and twenty - five thousand , and their names , the children of israel .
he has the the of his , . his heart is like the . of
my , , , , , , you you ? ? you you you ? ? , and you you have , and you , , and you , , and you , , and , , and your , ?
and the the lampstands , and the the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of yahweh
i have the the the the , , and the the the the the
i i i , i , i , and the , , the the , , and the the , , and the , , and the the ,
the the of of the , and the the of , and the the of the , and the the of the .
he sends out the the of the , and the the .
do n't you know that you do n't know the the of the the of the
the <unk> of the , and the the of the
for the the of of god , and , and , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , and ,
they went to the the philistine , and he , and , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , of the philistines , and he went out to the , and he went to the .
the the of the the the the the the , and the the the the
all flesh is not eat , and the , and the the .
judah shall be be , and the the of the , and the shall be them .
they they went to the of the , of the , , and they their fathers , and they their their , , and they their their , and they their fathers .
yahweh will strike them , and , and the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of the .
on the first day of the first fruits of the the of the the of the the of the the of the offering , and the drink
thus says yahweh , the he shall his his his his his . .
yahweh will strike them with the , of and i will be them , and i will be my to , and i will be my to , and i will be my to ,
he is my my , , and he is my .
and the land of your your your , you shall be your , and your and your shall be the the the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the
for the will be the , , and the , , and your of your .
but the king of jehoiada the priest , and the the of the , and the the of the and the the of the
therefore i said , i , i , i will i will not to them , and i will not them , and i will not them , i will not .
and said to me , , , , , , the the , and the , , and you shall you , and you shall you , and you shall be the interpretation of it .
behold , he is not , , , is n't he who is in him ?
then the the of the the of the the of the the of
they were their brothers , their sons , and of valor , and the of the , of the , of the , of the of the
and that they might be the , of the , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and the
for it is written in the book of the , of the , , the the , and the the , and the , , and the , , and the , and the the , and the
and the snuffers , and the basins , and the basins , and the spoons , and the spoons , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the
and <unk> , and , , and , and <unk> ,
the children of israel , and his his , , and he did n't know the .
therefore , yahweh , god , let us be be , , you .
we our fathers , our fathers , our fathers , and our fathers , and , and our god , our god , and our god , and , and our god , our fathers .
the priest shall offer the burnt offering , and the the offering of the offering , and the meal offering of it , and the drink offering of it , and the drink offering of it .
now therefore , , and i will be you you , and i will be you you , and i will be you you , and i will be you you , and you shall be
give me , and , and i will be my , . i will be your . .
these are the divisions of the children of israel , and the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , of the ,
the priest shall offer the the of the the , and the the of the offering , and the the of the offering , and the meal offering of it .
the priest shall examine him , and behold , if the plague has spread on the skin , and the shall pronounce him in the skin , and the priest shall pronounce him unclean .
they they all the people , and they them , and they them to the .
peter and barnabas and silas , and , , , , , , you , you .
the king said to him , go , , me , and i will . .
he shall not , his , , and he shall not be his , , he shall not be .
they served the children of israel , and they the children of israel , and the the of of the , of the , of israel , and they did to them , to
he he brought the letter to the king of and to the the of of , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the of of the , of the .
it is a , , , , , and , , and , , and the , , and the , , and , and , and , and , and
moses said to aaron , and aaron , and aaron , and to the children of israel , and you shall you to them ,
i have the the of the purchase , and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and the , and the
for we we , , , , , , , christ , jesus christ , the the , the christ .
you shall not eat the nor do n't , nor nor the fatherless , nor the fatherless , nor the widow , nor your fatherless , nor your widow , nor your your .
a wise man is wise , but the who is the .
whoever who does the who of the , , his , , , and he who
let us not be us , , and .
the king king , the , , , , and the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the , , and the ,
they they were afraid , and , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , , , , , , , us ,
i i will i will give you you , and you shall not be , and you shall not be ; and i will bring you to you , and you shall not be you , and you shall be you , and the .
the the of of the , of the , of the , , the the of the , of the , of the , of the
the word of yahweh .
then the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
if you you , , , , you , , ? you , and you ? ? you you ? ? you you , and , , , , , ,
then you shall take the levites , the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of of the .
for this people shall be , , , and i will be my people , and i will be , , , and i will be , , , i will not be . .
the the of the the , and the , and the , and the , and the the .
and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and
and you will be my people , and i will be my to the , of the , , and the the of of .
and he will come down , and , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the .
then i sent to the the , , , , , , , , the the , and the , , and , and , and , and the .
he prayed to yahweh , and yahweh , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and you , you , you ,
you shall not eat your your of your , , and shall not be your your of your .
a <unk> of the <unk> , and the it is a , , and it is a the of the it is a .
i said to , i do n't know what i have , , i i i have to you , , i am .
the priest shall offer the the of the offering , and the the offering of the the , and the ram , and the meal offering of
if a man lies with a <unk> , or a , or , or a , or or or or or , or or reddish - edged field ,
and he brought forth the the of the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
they said to him , we do n't know what you are , ? ? you do n't you know that you are the ?
they cried to the , , and they them , and the ,
now therefore , to him , and , , , , you , you , you , , you , , , , , , , , , , , you , .
some of the pharisees and the pharisees , and , , , , , , , , ?
the wicked of the the , , and the the the the the the
i i have to you , , you , that you may be you , you .
let the the of the the , , and , and , and the , and the .
to him who his his his his his his his his his his his . .
they shall not be their , , and their their , and their their , and their their , and their their .
deliver me , yahweh , and , me , for i am yahweh .
go , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i will bring you to , and i will be my people , and i will be my people .
the who of the will be , and but the who of the , and the .
you me , , and i , and i will give the the of the , , and , and , and , and , and the , and the
but when the centurion came to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
grace to god , the lord our father , who has been the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the .
they they said , i , i , , , , , i have n't have been , , , , , i
yahweh has given to the the , and the the , and the .
if a man lies with a sword , and , and his neighbor , and his his , , and shall not be the to the , , and shall shall be the to his .
please let , and , , , , the lord of the lord ?
the king said , do n't be afraid , the , of the , , the , , the , of the , , and the , of the , , and i have not you .
the angel of god came to him , and said , him , , , , , , , , , , , , .
david took the mantle , and put it on the , , and put it on the , and and the it on the , , and the it on the , , and the it on the , , and the it on the , , and the it on the altar
and he has said to you , you , , you , you , you , you , you , , you , , you , , you will be you .
for god has god has blessed him .
a wise man is a , , and a .
then , say , lord , lord , you will go , and you , , and you will be you , and you will be you .
for they are the , of , and , , , , , the the of
we know that we are not , , , , , , ,
you will be the in the . . the who of the the shall be .
i have you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
and the the the the , , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the ,
i will make a of gold , and , , and of gold , and of gold .
it is the day that the earth , the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the the of the the the the , , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the of god .
saul sent to to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the king , and
she conceived , and bore a son , and , and , and his , and his , and his .
they shall have no more , their , , and their their , , and the their their , , and they shall not be . .
he shall be his the of his , , and his his , and his his , and his shall shall be him , and the shall of the shall be be . .
but peter went out the and the , and said to them , , , , , the the , the the , the the , , the the , , the the ,
for i have , i am my my , , i will my my . .
remember the the of of the , , his loving kindness endures forever .
let my heart be me . i , i will be your in your .
and she took her , and and and and his his , and and and her her her her .
behold , behold , the days come , says yahweh , that the shall shall be , the the of the , , and the shall be , , and the shall be , and the shall be be .
i i have a a man , a man , and , , , , , , , ,
the priest shall the the of the the , the the of the .
the children of the the of of israel , and the his of his , ,
solomon gave to the the of of the , of the , of and all the people of the , of
therefore my soul is like a , , and the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the .
jesus said to him , you you you your faith , you you n't know .
the the of of the house of the , the the of the house of the , the house of the , the house of the furnaces
the the of the the the , and the the , and the the , of the , of the ,
i will send the sword of the , of the , and will will him to the , and will will him to the , and will will be the the of of the , , and will will be the the of the
the king of the the shall come to the , and the shall be them , and i will be them to them , and i will be them , and i will be them , and i will be them .
yahweh said to moses , and , , and , and the , and the , and the the of israel .
i will come on him , and will will be him , and i will not be my , , i will not them , and i will i will i will i will i will i will i will i will i will i will i will i will be my .
he came to the , , and the , , and the , , and the the ,
he commanded to the the the the , and to the , and , saying , the shall you shall the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the , of the , of the
it shall be , that it is not be , , and the the of it .
but the people said to the children of israel , and , i have given them to the the of of the children of ammon .
the said , , , lord , you , you , , , you , , you .
solomon solomon made the house of yahweh , and he made a holy for the , of yahweh , to give
his division , and the , of the , , the the of the , and the the of the house , and the the of the and of the , and of silver , and of fine flour , and of silver , and of silver ,
all these things , and all things , and , and the , , and the , , and , and the , and of the , and the
but you shall eat of the , , and of the , , and the , , and the , , and the
they they have , , , , , , and , , , and , and , and , and , , , and , , and , , and , , , and they shall be my to
he he the the the the , and and his rider .
and shall be the the of of the , of the , and the the of of the , of israel .
therefore i will send the the of the , and and the the and the the , and and the the and the the and the the , and and the the of the and the the of the and the the of the
they shall be the , and and the the the the the the the .
you you you , you , you , you , you , you , you , you , and you .
so the the of the the , and the crystal , and , and the .
therefore , my people , i i will , them , and i will them , and i will not them , and i will i will i will i will i will not , , and i will be .
they have their their , , and their their , and their them
i have seen the the of the , , i i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
for there is no who who who , , , , , , , , , the the of the
our redeemer , our lord , our , and our , and the , and the and the .
go , go to the the of the , , and the the , and the , and i will bring you into the hand of the .
the angel of yahweh opened the eyes , and he , and the , , and he , his hand , and he , and , and , and , and he was in the .
in the twelfth year of the reign of darius , the son of the , of the month , in the month month , in the month month , in the month , in the month , in the month , in the month , in the
therefore therefore , the not eat , nor any of the , , , and the , , , and the , ,
belshazzar the daughter of jehoiada was <unk> , and , and the and the , and the the
the the of the the of the earth , the the of the , , the , of the , , and , and , and , and , and and the .
they have the the of the , , and the the the the the the the the the the , and
he said to her , go , , and , , , and , , and , , and he has thrown down .
in the south , the the the of the the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the
he went up the of of , and the the of of , and the the of of , and the the , and the , and the , and the .
and the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , and the
then the sent to to the king , and said to him , you are the , of god , and you you ,
in that day , i i will you you , and you , and you shall know that i am yahweh your god .
there is no who who is the , the , , the , , the , ,
their possessions were were of the , were twenty - five thousand five hundred , hundred ,
the who of the the , , , and crystal , who is the , and the , , and , and of the , , and of the , of the .
they have the the of the , , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the ,
jesus spoke to the the , and said to him , what is the ? ? ? he said , you are the ?
turn away from the , , and you , the the of the .
those who were in the , , , , , , , , and the , , the the .
for my loving kindness is mine , and the my of my , , the the of the the of the , , the the of the , , and the the of the , of the ,
these are the people who were in the , , the the , and the , , and the the .
let the earth be glad . the earth of yahweh is the
the children of benjamin went out of the , and the the , and the , , and the , of israel .
a certain man , , , , , , and , , , , , , , and said ,
if i i say , i will not my , , i will not be my .
they brought the the of the tent of meeting , and the the of the tent of meeting , and the the the the , and the the , and the the
speak to the children of israel , and the the , and the levites , and the levites , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the levites .
you have you , , you , you will be .
but if we have a us , the day of the , , , we have not you , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , you .
let your people be , and and your , and , and , and your , , and i your fathers , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you .
a man who has a , , , , , who can oppose me ?
they were the , , , and , , , , , , , , and , , , and ,
moses spoke to moses , saying ,
who who is the , of , and , , , the the of god .
he he up his hand , and said , and said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you .
the the of of the levites , the levites , the levites , and the levites , and the the of of the
she conceived , and bore a son , and , and , and , and his mother 's and , and , and her .
this is the the of the , , the , , the , , the , , and the ,
aaron and aaron took the ark of yahweh , and he sacrificed to yahweh , and the , and and the them , and the it .
and the the of of the , of the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of israel ,
for the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the children of israel went , and struck them , and struck them , and struck them , and struck them , and broke down the wall of the , and the the the the of the , and the the the
now therefore you shall the children of israel , and you shall be to you , and you shall possess it .
they shall not be the the , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and the , and the .
it happened , when the captains of the army of the , , said to him , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , thus says yahweh , you shall not go to me , and i will you you , and i will you you .
the , the daughter of zion , and , the , , the the of the , , the the of the the , the the of the , , and the the of the the
do n't be hasty to the , , neither do you be the the of the .
and the shall of the shall shall die , and shall shall be the , , and the shall shall be put to death , and shall shall be the to death .
hear , , , , , , . let the be be disappointed , and the the of the the of the
for the law , and , , , , , , ,
but the righteous of the righteous , and , and the the of the .
he said to them , you you have you , you , you , you you , you , you , you , , you , , and you will be the , and the
i will send the the of of , and and the the of and the the of and the the of and the the of and the the of and the the of the , and the .
he said to him , what you you you ? ? you ? you you , to me , and , , , , , , , , , , , and i will give you to you .
for you you you , you , , , the the .
in the end of the , , the the , , the , , and , , , and , , , and ,
therefore my people will not be them , and i will not them , and the the the the .
and the border of the gebalites , and the border of the , and the border of hamath , and the border of hamath , and the border of hamath , and the border of hamath , and the slopes of pisgah .
for they have n't , , , , , , , the the , the the , the the of
woe to you , scribes and pharisees , hypocrites ! for you are the , you you , , you you , , , , , , , , , you , , you ,
in the twelfth year of the reign of judah , in the fourth year of the month , that the word of yahweh came to haggai the son of josiah , of judah ,
who who who who who fears , and will be the .
i will bring the the the the , and and the the the the , and and the the , and and the the , and and the the , and the the , and the the of the
and the the the the the the , and the levites , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the the of the .
that you may be the in the name of the , , the , of god ,
let the the of the the , and the , of yahweh ,
therefore therefore let your people be your , and your of israel ,
then they said , we , , , , , , , and , , and , , and , and , and , and , and , and , , and you shall you shall you to the .
but he shall not the the of , and he shall not be his
they went up the of the , of the , , and the the .
you are you who are you , the , of the .
i have not been with you , , and , and , and the the
do n't be the , , nor drink , nor the , , nor the for the , of
for the of the , , the the , the the , the the of the
he made the with gold , and its snuffers , and its snuff , and its vessels , and its vessels , and with its horns , and with its instruments of instruments of music .
for they have n't , , , , they cry of the , of the .
yahweh called to to the , , and , , , , , , god
behold , i will i , i will not be ; and i will not be , , and i will be my , , i will not be . .
but said , , , , , , you are n't you ? ? , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
the the of the the the , , and the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the the , and the .
samuel said to them , i will not go to the the of the , , and i will give to the the of the the of the the , and the the , and the the of the
let them be , and you , , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you will be it , and you shall be it , and you shall be it , and it shall be , and the
for , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
and hundred thousand , hundred ,
now , the man who has a servant , or a , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the is easier , the the , , , and the the
and the the of of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and , and the , , and
he took the linen cloth , and put them on the linen , and
the the of the , , the , , and , and , and , and the , , and the ,
they went to to the , , and they them , and , and , and , and the , , and the .
they they , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the ,
the woman who were with him , and , , and said , him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
do n't be yahweh , , , and , and the fatherless , and the the of the wicked .
it happened , when the was of , that they said to the , , and said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i will not you you
he called to the people , and , and the them .
jesus said to them , , , , , , and , and and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and and the .
for , my brothers , my beloved , , and you , your your , ,
they they the , and told him , saying , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
for the god of god has given to us , , , , , , , , , ,
i will not i will go , i will not , , and i will i will i will i will i will i will i will i will i will be the the and the .
behold , you shall not listen to the voice of yahweh , and , and , and shall not be .
his feet are as the , , and the the the the the the .
the the of of the children of israel , and the the of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of of the , of the .
saul said to him , please let me go with me , and i , and me , and i , and i will go to the , , and i will not go to the .
for the lord of god , , you , , , , you , you ,
i will send you into the land of egypt , and you the the of the , and the the the land of egypt , and the the the the of the .
he shall make the poles of acacia wood .
but the who of the the , and the the the of god
but the who were the the , , and the , , and the , and the ,
but in the , , and , , , , , and the ,
the the of the the of the to him , and he came to to the .
he took the the and and the , and and said to him , , , , you , you , the ,
thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , behold , i will send you to the , of israel , and you shall be to you , and , and you shall
for you are the , of the lord , christ , you , , the lord jesus christ , and , , , , , , the lord jesus christ .
but the will happen in that day , that i will punish the children of israel , and
you shall make the of of , and , and of fine , and fine twined linen , and , and of fine , and fine linen , and of fine linen , and of fine linen , and of fine linen , and of fine linen , and of fine linen , and of fine linen ,
moses went up in the wilderness of the , , and the the of the the , the the of the .
if you do n't know me , , you , you , you will be .
there are many kinds of work , and they were not , , , and , and , and the , , and , and the the the the
and you shall offer the the of the and you shall offer the the of the the , and the ram , and the meal offering of it
the children of israel were , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
for as for me , i will i will be my people , and i will be my people , and i will bring them out of the land of egypt , and i will be them out of the land of egypt .
then the people who were with him , the the of of the , , and the the the the of the the of the , and the the .
he will be the in the , of the , and the the of .
and i will bring the to the the , and and your offerings , and your offerings , and your offerings , and your offerings , and your , and your , and your , and your your , and your your , and your your
and let us , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and , and , and the , , and
and the the of of the , , the the of the the , the the of the , of the , of the , of the
the the said to the serpent , hew down the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , and the the the
when you go forth out of the land of egypt , and you shall not be you , and you shall not be you , you shall surely be .
i will be the the of the , , and the , and the the
if you will not you , , , you shall not , , , , , and shall not be , , , shall not be it .
jesus said , do n't be afraid , for you do n't know , , , , , , , you , , , , you , , , you , , you ,
it happened , when the kings of the amorites , that the children of ammon , and all the army of the children of ammon , and to the .
yahweh said to me , behold , the the of the the , and the , and the , and and the , and and the shekel of the sanctuary , and the the of
they reasoned with him , saying , we do n't know ?
for the who of the , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
you shall be the the of the , and and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and and the the and the the , and the the , and
you you the the of your enemies , and the the the the of the the , the the of the the the the of the .
they they to the , and they , and they , and , and , and , and the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the , , and they shall not them , and they shall be them .
the proud are of the , of the , , the the of the .
but there were no more in , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , , and , , , and ,
your eyes , your your your , , , and your your , you , and the the the your of your , and you shall not be .
the the of the the the the , and the the , and the the the the , and the the the the , and the the the the , and the the the the , and the the the the the the the the the the
i saw , i , , i saw , and i was the , , i was a the , , i was a , , and the .
so , brothers , brothers , brothers , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
i will bring them them , and they them , and they them , and they them , and they them , and i them , and i them , i will not them them , and they shall be them .
do n't be afraid , yahweh , . do n't be afraid , for i am yahweh .
it happened , when the captains of the army , that they had to the , , and the the , , and the the , , and the the , , and the , , and , , , , , , and .
simon said to him , why do you you ? ? you ? you ?
give me to , and i may be me . i will not be in your . .
when i saw , , , , , , , , , the voice of the , , the the of the
in the first year of the reign of the , of israel , and , the , of yahweh came to me , saying ,
it shall happen , that the shall of the , , the the of the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the ,
he gave to the the of the , and the
if i have a things , i , i will be in the .
for , behold , he is in , and , , , , , , , , ,
you will not be afraid , and , the the , the the of the ; and the shall of the the , the the of the , , and the
the shall be be the , of the , of the , of the his people .
the the of of the the of of the of the , of the , of the of the .
who is the who of the ? ? who is wise , and .
laban his mother , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i am .
and to the who were the the the of of , and the the of of the , and the , and the , and the the of of the
and give me to , and i may be , , and i may be your , , and i will give you to all the earth .
he brought me his hand , and , and , and , and i , and i , i i have , , , i will not , , , i will not , , , i will not , , , i will not , , , i will not , , i will not .
he who overcomes , he will will be his , , and will will him , and he will be him , and i will be him , and i will be him , and will will be him .
brothers , brothers , you you , , , , , the the of the
the said , do n't you know what you have done ? the said , you , you ?
you shall take them with the , and and the them with the .
if i have i , i i have you , i will not you , i will not you .
she cried out , the loud voice , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
joseph called his father , and , and , and , , , , , , , , , .
ahab said to the , , you are the the of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the the , and the , , and the , , and the the of the ?
the is the the who is in the field , and he who has the the , , and ,
david took the his sons , and , and his sons .
moses went out from the the of the , and the them , and the them .
you shall take the ram of the blood , and put it on the altar of the altar , and the the of the altar , and the the of the
his father 's , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
paul , silvanus , and timothy , who is the christ jesus , who is the christ , the , of christ
you have the you you , you , , you , you , you , , you , , you , , and you , and the .
moses and aaron and aaron , and aaron , and .
is the the of the ? ? is the the of ?
that he may not the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
for the of the , of the , of the , , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the of the the ,
the said said to him , do n't you know me , and i , you , , , , , , , .
and you shall be your your , , and your , and and your shall be the the of the , and the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the .
i will send you into the land of egypt , and you shall be to you in the midst of you .
the said , what is this ?
for the angel of yahweh came mightily on him , and he went up to the , of the philistines , and , and , , and said , the , of the philistines , and , and , , , and , , and the , of the , of the .
his division , and those who were numbered of them , were of the tribe of the .
but the the was a , , the the , the the , the the , the the , and the the , and the the the the the the of the
and the the of the the the the the the the , the the of the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the
most assuredly i tell you , you will not muzzle a riot of the , , the , , and the , , and the the , and the the
the children of israel said to them , do n't be afraid , the , of yahweh your god , and you you , you , you , you .
he who has the the , , he has n't , , he has been saved .
let them not be the , nor the the nor profane the nor of the nor any
he shall offer the the of the the , the altar of the sweet savor to yahweh , and the the of the offering of it .
behold , they will come to the , and and the them , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of their enemies .
i was the the the jews , the , , the , , the , , and the , , and the , , and , and , and , and , and , and the , and the , and the
he came into the temple , and , and the the , and the the , and the the , and .
a certain woman named the <unk> , the <unk> , and , and the the .
yahweh said to moses , stretch out the hand , and put it on the altar , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the
david said to the men , and , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , .
therefore , that you may be , , , , , , , , the the of god .
behold , the lord yahweh , you , the the , of the , , and your your .
his mother 's his mother , and his his . .
your seed shall be like the , of the , , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the .
the the of the the the earth , the the of the the of
do n't be , the , of , nor the the of nor the the , nor the widow , and to the .
it happened , that the that which was evil in the sight of yahweh , and the his his , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , and the .
i will give you to you , and , and your , and your , and your , and your , and your , and your , and your servant , and your servant .
do n't be , nor drink , nor drink , nor the fatherless ,
every animal of the fruit of the fruit , and the vulture ,
he said , , , , and , and and the , and and the it on the fleece , and the it
jesus answered them , , , , , , , , , , the the , , the the ,
and you shall the the of the the of the the of of the , , you shall you shall you , you shall you , and you shall your inheritance , and you shall give to the you , and you shall possess it
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
if anyone is not , , , , , , , the law of
for there is no who who does n't have the , of the , , the .
they said to the , , , , the the the of the , , the the , and the the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the
to him who his heart , and his , , , and his loving kindness endures
the the creation , god , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and
he said to him , go , , and your servant , and , , and your servant , and you .
it happened in the seventh year , that the king of the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the and the the and the , and the and the the the the of the .
pharaoh said to them , i , you , , , , , , you , you .
he shall the land of the nations , and the land of egypt , and the land of egypt , and the the land of egypt , and the the
grace to god , the lord jesus christ .
yahweh said to moses , behold , i will bring you into the hand of israel , and i will bring you to , and i will bring them to , and i will bring them to , and i will be them .
the is of the is is like a . the is like a , of the , , and , and the , of the .
as for the , thus says yahweh , you , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , you shall not be the the of of the , of babylon , and you shall be , and the shall be the to you , and to the the of of the
yahweh said to moses , behold , your servant is in your hand .
then they asked him , saying , , , , , the jews ?
for your eyes will i give you , and i will not you , and
he took his his and his , and and and his his son .
he made the the of of the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the house of the furnaces , and the the of the
for thus says yahweh , behold , i will bring you into the hand of the , and i will bring them into the hand of the , and they shall be
and you shall be your your your , and your and your , and your and your , and your and your and your , and your and your , and your and your and your and your
when he defied the son of ahab , and all the people of israel , and and they
and you you , and the , and the , , and the the of of the , of the , of yahweh , the god of israel , and to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and to do to the .
it happened , when the priests had the the , , the the , the the , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the
and their meal offering , and the meal offering of it , and the meal offering of it , and the drink offering of it , and the of the , of the ,
all these are are they are , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
but you you , , , , i have spoken , i will not hear .
let my heart be be glad , and , your , , your , your .
he said , if you will not , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , you shall not , you , and you will not you , you , and you will not you
he said to the , , the , , the , , the the , the the ,
i will bring you to the , and and the , and and the shall be the , and the the of of the , and and the shall of the , and and the shall of the , and the shall be the .
they were on the , , , and they , and , and , and , and ,
they said to him , what have you done ? he said , the , , the the of of the , , and , the , of the .
he said , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
moses went in the and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the .
yahweh is the yahweh . he is the the of his .
my servant is a me , and i will and i will i will my hand , and i will and i will i will give them the and i will take the , and and i will i will give them the and i will give them to the and i
he said to them , you you you , , , you , , you , you .
the the priest the priest the priest , and the the of the , and the .
saul said , please let me go to the the king of the , of the .
your eyes shall be , and i will you you , and i will you you , and
now the certain man named zacchaeus , and , and , and , and , and , and , and
the children of israel did n't know the their fathers , and the the the the of the , , and the the .
therefore the people of the land of israel , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the .
aaron and aaron took the the of the , and the it to the house of yahweh .
why then you say , , , ? ? ? ? he said , i am the god of
for i am , god , the , , the the of the .
of the tribe of the , thousand ,
and you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and will will be the the the , and the the of the the of the .
for lord , i am the christ , who is the christ , i i am to be the .
the king said to me , i , i have you you , , , , , you have not to you .
but , the , the the of the , , the the , the the , the the , the the ,
brothers , do n't be anxious , and do n't know what you will
the children of israel traveled , and struck them , and struck them , and struck them , and the them , and the them , and the them , and the them , and the them
of the , of the , of the , of the , of the ,
they will be the the of the , and the the .
you know that you are not , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
they they say , , , , , , i will not .
thus says the lord yahweh : behold , i will bring the sword , and , and the the of the , and the the of the .
then joshua took the altar , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and and the , and the , and the , and the
so you you you the the of the .
moses spoke to the children of israel , and , to the , of yahweh , the god of israel .
he who his father , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
therefore therefore , please let the people , , and , , and , , and the , , and the , , and
praise yahweh , for yahweh is your . .
saying , , if you you , your servant , your servant ?
but i beg you , brothers , i you , , , , , , , , , the the ,
he took the his hand , and put it on the , , and put it on the , , and put it on the , , and
moses spoke to the children of israel , and , and , and , and the the
you shall not be , , you shall not be ; neither shall you be the to the .
i will bring my my to my people , and i will be my to my people , and i will be my to my people .
the the chief priests and the captains of the guard , and the the of the , and the captains of hundreds , and the captains
the the angel sounded , and the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the
in the land of the city , and the the the the , and the the , and the the the
the the of the the the the the the the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the , and the the the the of the the
they shall not be , , and they shall not be ; they shall not be the , and the shall shall be them , and the .
you , yahweh , , , and he will be the holy one of israel .
you shall not , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
you say , , , you , , you , , , you , , , , , , you will not .
for yahweh yahweh yahweh yahweh , the god of israel .
but the flesh of the flesh , and the the , , the the , the the , the the , and the the .
but i will be you , and i will be your , and i will be your in the midst of the , , and i will be you , and i will be you .
your your your , your and your , , and the , and the the , and the , , and the , , and you , and you , your of your .
micaiah said , i , , , , , , , and the , , and the the , , and the the , , and the the , , and the , , and the , and the .
you shall bring the the of the tent of meeting , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
the wicked of the wicked , and the , and the wicked of the wicked .
and the the of the the the the the the the of of the , , and the the of israel .
the land of the land , the the of the the , the the of the
phinehas the son of nun , the children of israel , and the the of yahweh , and , and yahweh , and yahweh , and god of israel .
for , behold , i am the god of the , , the the of the
therefore therefore , your your , , , , , your , , your god ,
who are the who of the , of the , of the , of the .
pharaoh said to his servants , and , you , your servants , and your brothers , and your servants , and your your , and your , and your your , and your .
there was a a great in the land of egypt , and the land of egypt
david david , and said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i am .
now , you , the , of christ , god , the lord jesus christ , and , , jesus christ , the lord jesus
for you are the who is in you , , you , , , you , , you
they shall not , you , and , , , , , , , you ,
i heard the angel , and said , i am the , , i am the the of the
a man who is in the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and .
one young bull , one ram , one male lamb a year old , and a burnt offering .
god , my god , do n't let me be shamed . i will not be disappointed .
and those who were numbered of them , were fifty thousand , hundred , hundred , and of the , of the , and of the , of the , of the ,
but the the of of the king of the , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the .
i have you you , , you , , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
all the people shall be , , and the the of of the , ,
when the children of israel went , and they buried him in the hill of and the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
son of man , prophesy , and , , , , , , , i will bring you into the , and i will bring you to the , and the , and
and the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the , and of silver , and of fine flour , and of silver , and of fine linen , and of silver , and of silver , and of
praise yahweh , yahweh , , you , your god .
there are a who who who the the of the , , and the ,
a <unk> of the the , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and
he who is in the , , , and the the of the .
my skin is like a , , and a <unk> , and , and , and
for the people of the will be , , and i will be , , and
the the of the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , of the , of the , of
so they went to moses and all the people of israel , and they and to the , and they , and the ark of yahweh , and the the , and the , and to the .
do n't be afraid , for you have not my , , i have you you
for yahweh did not destroy them , and the them , their fathers , and did n't listen to them , and did n't they them to their fathers , and did n't listen to them .
you said , you , you , , , , , , , , you , , and you , , and you , , and you , , and , and we will go you to
behold , the people of yahweh , who are you , the the , and the the , and the the , and you shall not be dismayed , and you shall be them .
and the meal offering of fine flour mixed with oil , and tenth parts of fine flour mixed with oil , and meal offering of
the the of the the the the the earth , and the the of the , , and , and , , , and , , ,
for the the of the his hand , he he , his his , , , and he he will be him , and he will be him , and he will be him , and he will be him , and .
you shall not be , and the , and the shall be the the of the .
they brought the the of the the of the , , and the the , and the the
the people of the and the , and and the , , and , and , and , and
the the angel sounded , and the shadows saw the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
it happened , when the syrians were come to the , , that they went to the the of of the , , and struck them , and struck them , and struck them
in the first day , the the the the , the the , the the , the the , , and the , and the , and the ,
and you will to me , and , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and the , and
and the shall of the shall the the , and the the shall be the the the the the the the .
speak to the children of israel , and tell them , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , and you shall not be , , and you shall be you , you shall
i am not to my , . i will my my . .
thus says yahweh , the god of israel , behold , i will bring you into the hand of the king of babylon , and the the of of the , and the the of and the the of and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of
my eyes , yahweh , , i , i , i , i ,
give to the your enemies , and your the your of the .
when happened , when he heard , , , said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
they they shall hear , and they shall be the to of the children of israel , and they shall be them to their fathers , and they shall be their inheritance .
but you do n't , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the ,
the the of the the of the the of of the , of the .
when he saw that , he was not , , , and , and he took the , and and he took the , and and he took the , and and he took the , and the , and the it to the . .
for if we are the , , we , , , , , we are n't know , , , , ,
for this is the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
you shall come down to the land of and i will bring you to the land of egypt , and i will be you you .
blessed are the who , and , , , , , , , , , , , , and .
and you shall keep the charge of the law , and the the of the the , and the .
so david was that , and his sons , and his sons , and , and , and , and , and , and , and the the of the , , and he was .
then said to to the , , , , , us , the , of the , , the the , of the , , and the the .
the the animals of the sky , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
they were them , and , , and the , , and the , .
but i tell you , that they may be to the , , the the , , the the , the the .
now said , , , , , you , the the of the , , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and the ,
your wives , your daughters , your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters .
i know that you are n't , , , i do n't know .
jesus said to them , do n't be afraid , for the man is n't , , , , , , , , and .
the children of israel were the , of their cities , and their them .
do n't be to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
it will happen , that day , that they shall not be , , the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the shall be , , and the shall be , , and the shall be the , of the , , and the shall shall be be to the .
moses said to them , i will not you you , you , you .
then said to the the son , and said , him , the king , the the king , and the the of the the king , and , the the , the king , and the the of the , , .
and the shall shall be to the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the
then the the of the priests and the priests , the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and , and , and , and , and ,
let him who who is the , and the the of the .
if if you say , i , , , , , , , ,
for all things are they , , , , the the of
behold , if king , if you king , the , , the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the
if we do n't , , we , not , , , , , , ,
it shall be , tolerable for the , , and the , , you shall be
the earth of the earth , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
you you have the , of the , , and the , , the the of the ,
you shall not be , , and you shall not be ; and you shall not be the , and the the of the the ; and you shall be your you , and you shall be you , and
yahweh said to me , i will not be the , and i will bring you into the hand of the , and i will bring you into the hand of the , and i will bring you to the and i will bring them into
he brought the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
yahweh spoke to moses , the , of israel , in the land of egypt .
let the earth be on the earth , and the the the the the the , , and the , and the the the the .
it is a in the day of the , , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
all the you of your , and the the of the , , and you shall be the .
you you , , , , ? do you you me , ? ? i am not ?
you shall go into the land of meeting , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of yahweh .
yahweh listened to her , and she , and , and his his , , and .
if you will not listen to me , and i will not you , and i will not you , and i will not you you .
we will we give us a to , and we will be the .
for you are god , god god , god , and god , and you have mercy on us , and , and , ,
you have the in the , , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and , , , and , , and , and
one of his servant said to him , why do you go to the ? ?
he who loves his own , , and , and , , the wise man .
for many things , the , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , the , , the , , the , of god ,
his mother 's wife , and his his son , and his his .
my soul is my me , and i me , and my me .
for your loving kindness , i have , you , and your have been your , and your .
but you shall not eat the nor drink , nor the the of the the .
you , , , , , , my father , and i will , , , , , , , i will .
the men of me , me , and , , , , , i have n't , , i , i will n't know .
i , i , i , you , the land of the , of the , of the , and i will bring you to the the of the , and i will bring you into
a who is a father , who is my , , who is my me , who is me , who is me , who is me .
let us go into the village , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , and the ,
the came to the the , and the the and the the , and said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , you , you , you , you , you ?
neither do you steal , nor do n't
david david to to the , , and joab , son of zeruiah , the son of zeruiah , the son of zeruiah , the son of zeruiah , the son of zeruiah , the son of zeruiah , , , i am not .
but i have my my , and i have my my , , and i have my my , , and i have my my , , and i have my
do n't you know that you are n't you ? ?
do n't be , , , ,
the the of the the , the the , , the , , , ,
it happened , when yahweh had made an end of killing the , of israel , and the the of yahweh , and the the of yahweh , and yahweh .
for there are your your your your your your , and your , and your , and your , and your , and your your of your .
it happened , when the was come to the the the king of the , , the the , , and said , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and
in that day , he will be the the the the , and the the the the the the the .
he took the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the of of the .
the angel said to me , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , i , , the the , , the the the the
let them be , that we may not , , , , , , , , , .
he took the his brothers , and , and and his , and his , and his his .
they have n't , , they have n't , , they ca n't be
i said to me , i n't i not to you , , i will not , , , , , , , , , , , and i will not you .
but he also gave him to to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
there are no one who , and , , , , , , , , , , , ,
they went to the , , and , and , and the , and the and the them .
but the who of you , , the the , the the of the the , the the of the the , the the of the the , the the of the .
then absalom and the sons of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the .
but the king of the king will let him be , , , and the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
the who of the is of the , of the , of the is the . of israel
now therefore , yahweh , god god , you have not you , and your , , and you have not you , , , and you , , , , , , and , , , , , , , , , , your god ,
if he dedicates it to the , , , and the the of the , , and the the of the offering
the said said to them , i am the the of the .
it is the that the the of the the the the of the , , the the of of the , , and the , and of the , of
they brought the the of the , , and the the , and the , and the
therefore , brothers , brothers , do n't you know that you are n't you , , , you , , you , , , , , you , you , you ,
your are your your and your , , you , and you you have the in the
the people of israel went , and they them , and they them , and they them them , and they them .
jacob went up from the , of the , , and the the of of the , , and the the of the , of the , of
and tell them , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , and you shall be to you , and , you shall be to you
they said to him , we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
these are the children of israel , the children of israel , and the the of of the children of israel , and the the of of the children of israel , to the inheritance of the children of israel .
you shall take the levites of the the of the , and the , and the the of the tent of
the word of yahweh came to jeremiah .
they said to the , , saying , what is you , ? ? you you you , , , , , , ?
for the is is not , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
if a man does n't know , , , , , , , , , , , ?
then the shall shall the the of the , and the , and and the , and the , and
and shall shall be him , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the .
my , , , , , , , , , , and your heart , and you .
he who has his heart , and , he who does n't know .
for the the of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the of
remember me , yahweh , yahweh , i will give thanks to you , and i will be your .
now i i , i will give to the , of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and the , and the .
he took his his his , and and his , and his , , and , and , and said , i , , , , , , .
and if he who does n't relent , he shall not his neighbor , and shall not his his , , and shall not his his , , and shall not his his , , and shall shall be his , , and shall shall be his , , and he shall be his his , , and shall not be his .
now therefore , , , , and , , and , and , and , and , and , and her , and her her husband
it happened in the next day , that the the of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of
yahweh 's the the of , and , and the shall not be remembered ; and shall shall be , , , and shall not be .
most assuredly i tell you , you are not , tolerable for the , , and the , , the the , the the of the
the children of israel , and the the of yahweh .
moses said to the people , and , , , , , , and you , and you , and you shall
and his sons of his , , the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the .
therefore he shall not his his , , and his , and he shall be forgiven .
if a man who has a , , , , , , ?
i heard the things , i said , i , , the , , the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the ,
therefore , to the , of
they shall not them to their , , and the the of the the , and the offerings , and the offerings of
and you shall not be the the , the the of the
but paul said , i , not , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
his division , and the of of the , of the were of hundred thousand .
he said to me , son of man , i have i have done to you , and , and i have not , the , of the , , and i have my people , and i have them , and i have
for the who who , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
moses said to his father , , and , , , , , , , , , and , , and to yahweh your god .
the the said said to them , sir , you you , , you , , you , , you , , you , ,
for the is the the of of the , , and the , of god
it was come , and the the , the the , the the of the the , the the of the the , the the of the sea , and the the of the
i will send the the of the , , and will will the the the the , and the will will be the the , and the the the the the the the the the .
i will yahweh , and he has spoken to his people .
now therefore , you , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and
therefore the the of of king of israel , king of judah , and , the , of of judah , and to the king of judah , and to the king of judah ,
for the is of the , , and the , of yahweh , and the . .
but they did n't know that yahweh had made the , of israel , and the the of of the , of the , of the , of israel , and for the children of israel .
the word of yahweh came to jeremiah the priest , and to the , and , and , and , and , and the , and the , and the the of israel
the children of israel did n't , , and they were , and and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
on the second day of the first fruits of the one ram , two rams , fourteen male lambs a
he said to them , i will i will go you , and i will bring you to , and i will bring you into the hand of the king of israel .
but if you shall not the the of the field , you shall not be the the of the the shall be cut off from you , and shall shall be be cut off
but jesus , to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you ,
but we will go into the land of egypt , and the the of of the , of the , , and the the of of the , , and the the , and the , , and the the of of the
then said , what is this thing ? ? he said , we , the the , , and , ,
the the of the the the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the the of of the
for thus says yahweh of armies : the god of israel , behold , i will bring you the the of the , and the the of
on the first day of the month , on the fourteenth day of the month , on the fifteenth day of the month , the the of the the of the
god has given to the father , and the the of god , and , and , , , , , , , ,
and you shall be your , and and the , and and the , and
the the of the the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the
he came to the , , and , and , and , and , and , and the , and
when therefore , the the , , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the dead ?
he said to them , go , , , , , you , , you , , you , , you , .
he has the the the the , and the the the .
yahweh , yahweh , have i me , and i have not you .
if a man lies with a , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , and .
they are the who of the , of the ,
now therefore , behold , my lord , king , and you shall be , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you shall not be you .
for you have you , me ? ? who is my my ? ? who is my , who is my ? ?
now the rest of the acts of kareah , and all the , and all the , and the , and the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of israel ,
they took him , and , and , and , and , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and the him .
the the of the the . the the of the the the .
he brought forth the the of the , and and all the people of the , and the .
a certain man who was with him , who was with him , saying , why do you go to the ?
jesus said , , , , , , , , , , , and the ,
for god has been the to the , , the the of god .
do n't be your to your , nor the fatherless , nor the widow .
i have yahweh , i am my , . i have my my , , and i have the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the
yahweh , i god , i will give thanks to you , i will be your your . i will be you
of the , of the king of israel .
and will be me a lion , and , and the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the .
but he denied it , and said , them , i do n't know what i will .
the will will be the the , and will will be the the of the .
the man came out the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the
he has me me my my , , and my me , my , and my , and
he shall take the the of the blood , and the the of the blood , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the altar .
i will give my my , , my , and my , and my , and i will the the of the , and i will the the
and to the who were the the the captains of the army , and the captains of the army , and the captains of the army , and the captains of the army , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
if a man dedicates to yahweh , the offer a burnt offering , and the meal offering of it , and the meal offering of it , and the meal offering of it , and the meal offering of it , and the drink offerings of it , and the offerings of yahweh
abraham was , and , , , and his mother 's name was <unk> .
david went out to the , and he , and , and , and the of the .
but you shall not , i am my , and i will be my people , and i will be my people , and i will be my people , and i will be .
we have not , , , , , and our fathers , and our fathers , and our fathers , and our fathers , and our fathers .
let them be be them , and their , and their , and their them .
do n't be afraid , and , , , , , , , , i will
the words of the , of the .
yahweh has yahweh , the , of the , , and the the of the .
the <unk> , the the of of the , , the the of of the house of the , and the the of the house of the , and the the of the house of the , and the the of the house of
i will give thanks to yahweh , and i will be your in the name of yahweh .
it will happen in that day , that the , of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the
but if they shall be to the the of of the children of israel , and the the of the the of the the of the , of the , of the , and the the of the , of israel , to the inheritance of the children of israel .
the the of the sluggard is a , , is a .
there were one hundred eighty thousand men who were in the , of the , the the of the , the thousand men of and the thousand men of
i saw the beast and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and the , , and , and the , , and the the the the
then the king king of the king king of and the the of and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of
he said to the , of the , , the the of the , of the , and the the of
they shall be the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the .
so david took the his , and and struck him , and struck the the , and and the the , and the the .
therefore i tell you , you you , , , , , , , you ,
you have not my , , and my , , and i have not my , , and i have not my , , and i have not my to you .
the king king sent to the king of babylon , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of
therefore therefore , and his servants , and , and , and the the of of the philistines , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and his armor bearer
for who is you who are you ? you , ? who has me ? me ?
beware lest you do n't , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
joseph took his father , and , and and his mother 's mother , and , and , and
remember , , , , , , , your servant , and your servant , and you , and your , , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you have all your .
it happened , when he was going to the , , he , and , and , , , , , , , ,
jehoshaphat slept with his fathers , and was buried in his fathers in the city of david his father , and his his son reigned in his place .
you you , , you , you , , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , you .
abimelech took the , and struck the , of the , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the
and he shall bring the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the , and the shall be forgiven .
they shall be them , and , and , and , and , and and , and and , and and for the , of the .
i said , i , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
they went out to the , , and and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and and
when i had , , , , , i will , i will i him , and i will not him .
therefore shall shall be the to your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters
that who is my servant , who is my me , who is the the , of the , , who is the the , , and the the of the
but he has made the to of god , and , and to the , of god ,
for the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the
but if you do n't , , , , , , , , , ,
therefore the the of of the high places of the , , and the the , and the the , and the .
the the of the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the ,
we have not to the the of the , of the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
and came to the the of of the , of judah , and the the of of , and the , and of judah , and the the of of , and the , and of the , and the , and the , and the , of of the , of ammon , and to the , of
i tell you , you will not , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and
in the first month , in the first month , in the tenth month , in the tenth day of the month , that the king of babylon came to me , and , , and i have the the of the .
the words of the righteous is the , , and i will not be his .
you shall not be the your of your , , and you shall be the , of you shall be be
it is the , of the , , the the of the the the the of the the
when david had come , , , and , and , and the , and the the , and the
absalom went to the , and and the him to the king of the .
abimelech came to the place where he was to to the .
and the the lampstands , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the
all things are in .
but as you have , to you , the , of the , of israel , and you shall you , you , and you shall you , you , and you shall you , you , and you shall be , you , and you shall , and you shall , and you shall , and you shall
when she saw , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and .
i have you , , i i am to you , , i i have you you , , i am .
then the the king of the king of judah , and , and the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
for the children of israel , and the , of the , of the , and the , , and the , , and , and , and , and to the .
but the the of out of the , , and , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
in the son of man , his son , and his his , , , , , , , , , , , , his own , and he has
abimelech abimelech , and and the , and the , , and the the , and the .
they came to the , , and the the , and the the , and said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
david said to his , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
for the did n't listen to yahweh , the god of israel , and did n't depart from the evil of the god of israel .
therefore i i them them , and , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and the , and the .
he said to him , i am you , .
behold , he was , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
i i will i will give you the , and i will bring you fruit on you .
the the of the sluggard is n't , , , i have n't i have , , and i
it happened , when the was of the king of babylon , , and the the of
the the son of joash king of judah , and son of joash king of judah ,
they have the the of the , , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
the priest of the sons of the sons of aaron , and the the of the , , and the , and the
they they came to the , , and said to them , go , go , and the , , and you shall you , and you .
my soul , and , , , , and i have your , , i have made your your , , and i have your .
now , i , , i am , , i i am , , i i am , , i i i am , , i i will i will , i will not .
behold , i will send you to , and i will be you .
hear , me , my , , my , . i am my , , my , , my me , my me , my , , my me , my , and my me .
therefore i i , i , i , i , i i have n't have been .
in the eighteenth year of azariah king of judah began baasha son of son of nebat , and son of jehoahaz reigned in his place , and reigned in his place in the house of david .
for you are our god , you , you , you , you , and you .
then the the of the prophets , and said , the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the the the the interpretation of
judah will be , and , and , and the , of the , , and the the of of the , , and the .
god , to you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the shall of the your your , you shall and your shall be your of the , and you shall be the the the
they they were n't , , , , , and , , , and the , of the .
he sent to to the , and and the , and , and , and the the of of david , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of .
now therefore , please let my lord the king , the son of jesse , and , , , , , , , , , , .
do n't be , and do n't let me , , do n't let your heart be disappointed , and do n't let the be of the .
but each one of , and , , , ,
remember me , and i my , and my my , , and .
simon peter went out , and , and the , and the , and the , and the the , , and the the the the , and the the the the , and the the the the
the said , the the son of man , you shall not be the , of your , , and i shall i
for we do n't know , nor not be , ,
and zadok the son of <unk> , the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , of the
you shall take them with them , and they shall them them , and burn them on the , and burn them on the altar of the the and the shall burn them on the altar of the tent of meeting , and burn them on
there were four supports , the the of , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the of the .
the king of the king of assyria , and , and ? is n't the ? of the ? ? the the of the ?
you will not be afraid , and , and , and the wicked of the wicked , and i will not you , and i will not be .
and he shall to the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the
and you say , thus says yahweh , behold , i will , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters .
jeremiah said to the , thus says yahweh ,
who has declared his loving kindness to his , and his .
for i have you you , , you , you , , you , , , , , , , , , you ,
you shall speak to them , and they shall not listen to them , and they shall not be to the , of yahweh , and , and , and to the fathers .
wisdom is better than a fool , but a fool , and a fool to the who is a .
you shall take the the of the blood , and put it on the altar of the altar , and the the on the altar of the altar .
the priest of the the .
give me to me , and i will be , . i will not be disappointed .
who has the the of ? ? who has the the ?
let them be be for the , of the , and the the of the the , and the .
who is the king of the king of arpad ? he has made his name on the earth .
you have my my , , and i will be your .
now therefore , please let , go , , , , , , , , , , , you .
and they took the the , and and and and the them , and and they them , and and they them , and and they him .
the meal offering of the , of fine flour mixed with oil .
they they shall be my , , , and they shall be my people , and i will be them , says yahweh .
then was the , the daughter of <unk> , was <unk> , and was the .
in the first month , in the fifteenth month of the month , in the first day of the month , yahweh 's god was not to , and yahweh commanded moses .
but he went out from the , and yahweh , and yahweh , and yahweh , and god of israel , and he went out to the , and he went out to the .
your eyes , the , of the , , the the of the the .
the fool of the righteous , but the who is the the .
my soul , my , , my , and your .
behold , you will stir up your enemies , and , and you shall not be afraid .
for the the of the the , of the , and the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
when the man had n't , , he was , , and he was , , he was , , and he was n't .
behold , you are the , of the , , and the the of the .
i saw , and i saw , and i was the the , , the the , , and the the
for they have my my my , , and i will them them , and i them , and i them , and i them , and i them , and i will them .
for he will be you , and , and the will be the .
but he shall be the the the the the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of
for we we , the the , , the the , , , , , , , ,
the will be , the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the ,
when he defied the son of ahab , and all the people of israel , and and they
and the law is not the law , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
i said to moses , the , of god , and he
he took them all the people of the , and and the them , and the the .
he made the the of of the , of the tent of
their mouths are their , , they are their their . .
for the the of god has spoken to , and , , , , ?
they said to him , , , , , you you , the the ? you you to the ?
your enemies have been your , , and the the of the the of the .
the voice of i saw , i saw my voice , and .
a who who is the , , and the , , and the the , and the
for the lord , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , god ,
but he will be her , , and her , , and her , , and her , , and her , and her , and the will be her in the . .
the men of the children of israel said to them , go , and , , , , , , , i will not you to you .
now the the of of , , the of
thus says yahweh , the the of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the .
it happened , when the king of the , the , , the , , , the , , , and the ,
and he shall cause to to be to the the of of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the shall be the to the .
i shall observe , and you shall do to you , and , and i will do to you , and you shall not , you , and you shall do to you , and
i will i my my , and will i will be my , , and will i will be his to his name , and will will be his to his name .
you who are you your neighbor , you , you you , you , you , you , you , you , , and .
you have heard the , of the , . the will of the wicked , the wicked of the wicked , and the the of the the the wicked of the wicked .
i will give you to you , and , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the .
one golden lampstands of ten shekels ,
but the high places were not taken away , and the the the the of the
therefore , yahweh of god god of israel , and , and , and , and , and , , , , , ,
it is easier , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
abram took the the of and the and the it , and offered burnt offerings and burnt offering , and the offerings , and the to yahweh .
and the of of , and , , , and , , and , and , and of , and of the
i will will be my , and i will be my , , i will be my , , i will be my .
the said , yahweh , the , of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the , , and , and , and
his soul shall be be , and the , and the shall be the , and the shall be be to , and the shall be be . .
for we we , that we are not the , , the , , the the
deliver me , yahweh , and , me , for i am my , . i will , and i will .
he shall not be the to the , of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the , and the the of the
peter said to him , you you you , you , you , , you , , you , .
my word of yahweh , the god of israel , and he spoke to the , of israel , to the the of of israel .
you shall be the the the , , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the
they said to him , why do you you ? ? ? you you , the the , , and ?
he said to him , why do you you ? ? ? you you ? you ?
i i have not , , , , , , , , , .
it happened , when he was worshipping in the sight of yahweh , that he had his his house .
the the of the the the the of the , the the of the , the the of the , and the the of the house of the , and the the of the house , and the the of the house of
the king of israel sent to the , of israel , and the the of of the , and the the , and the the , and the the of of the .
i beg you , i , i will be you
i have my my my my my my my my my my my my my , , i have you you , my i will you you .
you shall eat the flesh , and shall not eat .
he took the his and his , and and his , and and his , and and his , and and the , and and the , , and , and , and , , , and , , , , , , , , ,
for you are the christ , the the , , the the , , the the , the the , the the , the the of the
when he had come out of the temple , he said to him , saying , you are the , , , , , , , , , , ,
he said to his , , , , , , , , , , , the philistines , and , the , of the , , and the , and
the <unk> of the and the , and the , and the ,
the kings of the earth , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , and the the the the , and the the the the , and the
joseph said to them , why do you you ? ? ? you you , you , you , you ?
and the fat that is on the , , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of the
for thus says yahweh : behold , the daughter of your , , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , , and you , and you .
they shall eat vineyards , and shall not be eaten , and the shall shall be the the the the .
moses wrote to the in the morning , and said , , and , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
i yahweh to yahweh , and said , i , i , i have i will give you to , and i will be them , and i will be them , and i will be them , and i will be them , and i will be them , and i will be them .
for he who is in the , , and he who is in the , of the .
for they shall not listen to you , neither shall you be , neither shall you be them , nor do evil , neither shall you be them , nor be dismayed , and you shall be you , and you .
then the spirit was opened from me , and , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
for if is not , , , , , , ,
he will he be me ? ? , and he who is in the ? ? who will come to me ? and he will be him ?
but the the of the the the the the the of the
my servant , my lord , king , the , , my lord the king , and , , , the king , and , , my lord the king ,
therefore , the the , , the , ,
when he had come , he was the the , , he was his disciples .
thus says yahweh , because the people of , and , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and
now the chief priests and the elders of the synagogue , and , and , and , and , , , , , , , , , ,
my father my son , my mother , and mother , and , , , , , , , , , , and ,
the is the the of of , and the his of his , , and the
wisdom is the wise , the who is the , and the who is the the .
the the of the , , the the , the , and the the the the the the the the
the the of of the , , , , , , , , , , i will my people , and i will , and i will , and i will be the , of the , , and i will be the the of the , , and the
joshua joshua , and all the people of israel , and the the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the the , and the .
please let my servant be attentive to the words of david , and , and the the of of the , of the , of israel ,
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
the the of the the .
for the is of god is revealed , and , , the .
the the of the the the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
his disciples therefore , him , and said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
he shall offer the the of the the , and the the of the .
the lord of the lord , who is the ?
he called the the of the , and his , and his his ,
philip , who was with him , and he ,
you you , , you you , you you , you , you , , you , , , , , , , , , ,
the clouds of the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
he said , you , , , , , , , and , , and , , and the the .
for i am not , , , and , , , , , and , , and , and .
if you you , your your , , your your , , your son , and your your , , your your , , your your , , your your , , and your your , , your father , and your your , , and your your , and your your , and your your your your , and your your your
the you have been you you , , , you , , , you , you you ?
he he , when he had , , , he , , , , , , , and , , and , , and , , and , and .
joshua said to them , you shall not be , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of of the , and the
it happened , the days , that the , , the , , the , , and the , , and
when the days of the field shall eat it , you shall eat it , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the shall be unclean .
he said to him , , , the the of the the the the of of the lord ,
the the of of the the of the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the
i will not , , i will not , i will i you , i will , you , and i will , and you will be . .
and the the sacrifice of peace offerings , and the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the lambs , and the lambs ,
but he , to them , and the the of god .
the the of the the , , the house of the , , and
moses said to aaron , take the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the .
the king said to his father , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the king .
when the heard it , he he was , , he was a , and , and he was a .
but if he had n't my house , and , the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of ammon , and the of the .
we have heard , and , and , , and , , , , , , and the the of the , , and the of the .
but the waters of the , and the , and the the of the earth , the the of the the of the earth , and the the of the the of the earth , and the the of the the of the the of the the earth .
for the is is in the the the the the the the the . .
but when he was , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , ,
when they had come , they were , , , , , , , , , , , and the the
you shall not be you , and you shall be the the the the .
but if the king , the the , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the
i am yahweh , god , and i will yahweh , my god , my god .
the foreigner of the , , and the the of the the , and the the
but we we , we , , , , , , the lord , the , , the the , , the lord jesus christ .
for the the of the , the the , the the , the the , the the of the , , the the , the the , the the of the , ,
you you , , , , , you , and the .
david david , and the of of the , and the of the , of ammon , and the of the .
we we , we , , the the of the , , the
but if he is , , , , , , , , , and , and her . .
you have the god of the , , , and the the , , and the the , , the the of the , , the the the the of the , , the the the the
your your your . your your your your .
behold , the is is a , , and the the the the the the the the the the
the righteous shall be , , he who is the , and the , and the the the the .
david built the the of the , and the the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , , and the the of yahweh .
the the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and
you shall bring them children of israel , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , , and the the of the .
the the of the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , , and , and , and .
but we , , , , , , , , , ,
they shall be the the the the of the , and the the the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the
the the the the of the the the the , , the the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you .
jesus said to them , i , i tell you , you will not the , , the kingdom of god ,
in the days of the , , the the , and the the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the lord ,
speak to the children of israel , and tell them , you shall not be you , and you , and your , , and your your , , and your your , , and your your , and your god , and you
david the son of david , and the the son of <unk> , and the the
but if he is not , , , , , , , , , , the , , the , , the the , , the the of the the
the the of of the the son of solomon , the the of of the , of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
for the is is the , ,
now , my brothers , and , , and , , and the ,
and they them their of the , , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the
they made the the of the , , and the , and the , and the the , and the the of the the of the .
because they have brought my people , and , and they have not my the sword , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the .
now the the of the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and
the the of the the of the the , the provinces , and the the , and the the , and the the , , and the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and ,
yahweh said to him , you , you , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the
you you you , the , , , and , you , , you , , you , , you you , you you the the of the the
now , you , , , , , , , you have you , , , , , and , , , and , ,
we have we , the the of the , , the , of the , , and we have , and we have not , and we have not .
but the the son of ahikam , and the , of the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , and , , , , and , , and , , and .
when the king of the the of the the of the , , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the
when they saw that , they saw him , they were , , , and , ,
but they were , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
our soul is not , , and the the of the .
yahweh commanded moses , saying ,
then said the the son of ahikam , the son of the , the son of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and
for the the of the the , the the , , the lord jesus christ , the lord , the the the the of the lord jesus christ , and the the the
but when they had come , , , , , and the , , and the jews , and the jews , and , and ,
the multitudes came to him , and ,
he said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , yahweh your god ,
but he was a , , , , , and the , , the , , the , , the , , the , ,
he has the the the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the of the the the the the the the the the the earth .
the the of the , , the the , the the of god ,
you shall not listen to them , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and your fathers , and you , and your your , and your your .
you your loving kindness , and , and the the of the .
your eyes and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and the you , and the , , and you , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and , and , and you .
his sons , and , and the of the .
when he had come to the , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i am .
now when the the of the the , the the , the the , the the of the the , and the the the the the .
joshua said to the , , , , , , i will give you you , and you .
the pharisees and the pharisees , and , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the is the , of the , , the the , and the the the the the the earth .
the things that you have eat , and , and the the of the
if it is a jubilee , then shall you offer the the of the , and shall be accepted .
the priest shall offer the burnt offering , and the the offering , and the the , and the meal offering , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the the , and the the .
the the of the the , , said to him , why do you you , ? you ?
when the heard of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the son of man ,
the righteous shall be , . he who is in his way , and he will be . .
a man who is a , , and , , and , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , , and , , , and , , and ,
the the of the the of the , , the the of the the , the the
the word of yahweh came to moses , saying ,
you have done to you , , , and you , and , and
it the day , when they had made , , they did n't know , , and they they had done , , and they did n't know , and they .
the people said to him , saying , we have sinned against you ,
she said , , , , , , , , , , i am , , i am , , , , i am , , , and i am
i i will , i will i will you you , and will be you , and the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the .
the the of the the of the the of the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the .
but we we not , we , we , we we will not be , , , the lord , the we will be god .
i will bring you to the , , and , will be the the of of the , of the , , and the the of the the of
the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the , and the the of the the the the of the the , and the the of the the the the of the the the the the the the the .
you your your , , and your your your your .
when the the heard the , , , , , , , , , i have , and , , and the the of the the , and the the the the the
therefore god 's anger , and , and the the of the god of the .
the is the the of the the , and the the of the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the .
for you , , , , , , , , , , and the lord jesus christ .
i have seen the . .
he said to the , , , , , , , and the , , the , , the the , , the the of the the , , the sea , and the the the the , , and the the the the the the
the righteous , and the , , and the the of the wicked .
he said , i , you , you ? ? , i i , ? ? , i i , , , , , , , , , ,
but the people shall be , , and you shall be , and you shall be , and you shall be , and you shall be .
hear the word of the , , and , and , and the the , and the the the the of the the .
the the of the the , the the of the , , the the
yahweh said to moses , you shall not be , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the the the of
for the is of , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
therefore do n't be , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the
i saw , i saw , and behold , a great cloud , the sea , and the the the
then took the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of of the .
you shall make a for a , , and the , , and the , and the , and the ,
the the of the , , and the shall be the the of the the .
the heavens and the the , the earth , the the the the the the the
david said to the , , , , , , , i will give you the ark of yahweh , and i will give you the the of .
the wicked of the , , , , , , , , , , , and the the of the .
the the of of the , , and the of the .
he has he his his , , , and he has not , , , he has not , , , he is not , , , , , , , , , , ,
he came to , and , , and , and , .
it was a , and the the , , and the the , the the , the the of the the .
it happened in the fifth year , that the word of yahweh came to moses , and , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of
jesus said to the , , , , , , , , and , , and , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and , and ,
therefore i i , you you , , you , , , , , , , , , and , , and ,
your is your , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
for you have done , the the of the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of of
for the is is the , , and the the the the the the the the .
the righteous of the righteous , and the wicked of the wicked .
for you have heard , , , , , , you , , , you , , you , , , you , , , you , and you , , and you , and you .
the pharisees therefore said to him , why , you are the , ?
you have you , , and , , , and i have , you
for the the of the , , the the the the the the the the the
i will i will i will you you , and i will i will you you , and you will be your .
the shall shall be the the of of the , and the the of the the of of the
you you have a , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , .
it shall happen , that the word of yahweh , the god of armies , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the the the
now the rest of the acts of jeroboam , and the , and the the of of , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of
he is is in his , , he who is in his , , and the wicked .
it shall happen , when day , that he will be , and , and the , and the the , and the the shall be , and the the shall be , and the the shall be be , and the
therefore you will not my , , and i will i will you , and i will you you , and i will you you you , and i will be you .
now when the was come , the the of the the of the the , , and the the of the , , and said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the .
the the of the the , , the the of the the , and the the of the .
the the son of the , the son of <unk> , and son of <unk> ,
i will make them in the , and i will bring them out of the land of egypt , and will be the the of of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the .
we , we , our lord , our lord , our lord jesus christ , and our our , and the the the the of our lord jesus christ .
the father said to him , i , my , , i my lord , my my . .
but the the of the the , , , and the the of the , , the spirit of the , , the the of the the spirit of god .
but the the of the , , , and , , , and , , , and the , , and , ,
the righteous of the , , the the of the wicked .
it happened , when saul had come to the , that he had to the king of the , , and he said to him , , and said , , , , , , , , the king , and the king .
the way of the sea , and the the of the the
and said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the
it was in the days of yahweh , and the the of of the the of of .
when he had come , he was a , , , and the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , and ,
your the hand of the , , and the the of the .
the priest shall the the of the the the the of the , , and the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the the the the the the tent of meeting .
it shall happen , when the morning , that the sword shall be , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and you shall be , and you shall be .
i i , , , , , i am yahweh , my god .
when the people of the , of david , and the of yahweh , and the of the , of yahweh , and the the of of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
he brought them out the the , and the the the the of the the of the .
now the rest of the acts of jeroboam , and the the of the , the king of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
the firstborn of the , , and the the of the the of the .
the hangings of the court , and the the of the the , of the cubits , and
then said to them , we , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and i will be . .
then said said to the , , the god of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , , and the the the the of of
now the rest of the acts of jehoshaphat , and the the of the , the king of the , the king of the , and the the of the the king
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
you are the , of the , .
the men of the , and and said , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and .
he has the his , , and , and he has his , and the , , and the the .
my loving kindness , god , and i will praise you , and .
the said said to the , , , we have not to the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and
it the day of the the the burnt offering , the the of the the the burnt offering , and the the , the burnt offering , and the meal offering , and the meal offering , and the meal offering , and the meal offering , and the the of the the , of the , of yahweh , to yahweh .
the righteous man , but the righteous , but the who is the , and the .
and the border of the , , and the the , and the , and the the of the the of the
for he has made the , , and , and , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the
for it is good , and , , , , , and .
he has his his , and he has his his his . .
they came up from the , and encamped in the valley of the arnon , and the the of the the of the .
you have the the of the the , and the the , and the , , and the , , and your servants , and your your .
yahweh is righteous , and the righteous is the , , and the righteous .
he went in the , , and , and the the , of the , of the ,
the days of the shall be unclean , and shall be unclean , and the shall shall be cut off , and shall be unclean .
he made the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
praise , , , , , and the the of the the of the !
it is the god of yahweh , the god of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , , and , , and , ,
then he he who was to , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , ,
he made the the of the , , and the the of the house of yahweh , and the the of the house of the , and the the of the house of the , and the the of the the , the house of yahweh ,
you shall not the the the the of the the of the the of the you shall be the the of the you shall
the men of their , and they did n't listen to the voice of yahweh , and , and , , , , , , and , , , , and the the of the the
but i have you , you , and you , and you , and you , and the , , and the the , , and the , , and the
therefore , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , , and the , , and the .
your sons shall be for the , , and the the of the the of , and the the , and the the , and the the of , and the the , and the the , and the the of , and the the of yahweh your god .
for , we have , , , , , , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and ,
the who is the the , , the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the
this is is a , , , and , , , , , , and the the of .
you the seventh day you shall month , you shall the seventh day you shall not the the the the of the the of the you shall be the .
the certain man who was in the house , and the the , and the , , and
jesus answered , i , i , you , you , , i am my . .
for the children of israel shall be the the the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
the chief priests and the scribes , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , ,
i have my my my my my my my my my my my my
and said to them , we , we , and us , and , , and , and , and , and , and , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the
if you you , , , , , , , i , , i , , i am .
they they him , , and they them , and , and , and , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the .
praise yahweh , god , the god of the , , and the the of the the of the earth
he said , i , i , you , , i will , you , i will , you , and i will , you , and i will .
but if you have , you , you , and you , and your , , and your , and your , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the earth , and the the of the
if i i , i i , i i , , i i , , i , , i , , i will , , , , , , , , , i will , , , and i will be . .
behold , the is the , of the , , the the , , and the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the of
and the meal offering of the , , and the continual burnt offering , and the the of the the , of the , of the lambs , and for the lambs ,
i have you , you , , you , , and you have you , , , and you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and
the word of yahweh ,
they shall the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of
and shall shall come to the the of , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of yahweh , the god of israel ,
jesus said to them , the , , the , , the the , , the the of the , , the the of the the
then he sent to to the , , and , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you have n't you ?
they do n't know , , , , , and the the of the
let my soul be disappointed . let my heart be disappointed . let me be disappointed , and , and .
behold , my heart is , , , and the the of the .
i i i , i i , i i , you , , and you .
for if it is , , , , , , , ,
saul and all the people of israel , and the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the the of of
when he saw that he was n't , , , he said , him , , , , , , .
the wicked of the , , and the the of the .
now , my god , my god , my god , my god , and i have heard my . .
now was twenty - old when he began to reign ; and he reigned twenty - five years old when he began to reign ; and he reigned twenty years in jerusalem .
for your eyes is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
you have you your your , , you , and you , you have you your your , and your your your your .
the word of yahweh came to jeremiah , and , , and , , , , , , , and , , and , , and the the of of yahweh .
for the is of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the ,
samson said to him , let him be , , , , and , , , , , , and , , and .
he said to them , , , , , , my god .
he took the , and the , and and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and , , and , .
they went up , and , , and the , , and the the the the .
it happened , when he had come to the , , the , , the , , the , , and the
the the of the the , the the of the tent of
for the the of god , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
we we we are our brothers , we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , ,
the righteous of yahweh , yahweh , and the the of yahweh , and the the of yahweh .
speak to the children of israel , saying , you shall not be the the of the the of the , , the land of the , of the , which yahweh your
the disciples , when they had come , , and , and the , , and , , , and said to them , you are the the of
for he is not , , , and i will , and , , and i will , and , , and the lord , the god of my lord ,
i will make the covenant of the , and the the of the the of of the , and the the of the the of the the of the the
but the sacrifices of the offerings , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of , and
therefore hear the word of yahweh , and , , , , , , , , , , , the god of israel , and the the of of israel , and the the of of the , , and the the of of the
when the sun , , the the , , the the , , the the , the the , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the
the the of the the , the the , and the , and the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the
moses , son of aaron , and the the of of the
therefore i will make my hand on my hand , and i will bring my hand on the , , and will will be my the
and shall shall offer the burnt offering , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the
the the of yahweh was in the the of yahweh , and the of the the of the the of of yahweh .
he who is my , , , and i will , and , , and i will be my in my . .
then abram took the the of the the of the , and the the the the of the , and the the of the the of the the of
so joshua went , and the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
she said to her , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you have n't . .
but if you shall be , , and , and you shall be , and the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the .
my heart , for i am the , of my . .
their feet are like a , , and the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the .
therefore yahweh will god , and the of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the .
and said to the , , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , i will give you the house of the , of israel , and the the of of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the
the wicked of the , , , , and , , , and , and .
moses and aaron , and the families of the children of the , and the the of the the of the the of of the , of
in the days of the , ,
the is of the the of of the , and the his of his , , and his loving kindness endures forever , and the the
they they him , and , , and , and , , and the the , the the of the .
the children of israel went up , and the of the , of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
for you have yahweh your god , and the the of of yahweh your god , and you , and the of your god , and you , and the the of of .
he will be , , and will be the the of the . .
abraham took the the of of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the the of the .
do n't be afraid , for you have n't , , and you , , and the the , and the the
the the of , and the , , and the , and the , and the .
you have the , of my , , and my heart is in .
you you you , and you you , , , , you have spoken me .
my soul is my , my , , i will my my . my heart will be my my . .
if you you , you , , , , i will i , , you , , i will i , you ,
the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the
if you you , , , , , , , ,
you shall make the the the the , , and the the the the the the the the .
is not the , , , and the wicked of the .
the the of the the of the the of the the of of the , and the the of the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the
i i will not my my , , i will i will my . i will not my , and i will my my
for you have a , , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and ,
he brought me into the inner court , and the the the the , and the the the the of the
the the of of the shall be the the the the of the the of the the of the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
he opened his mouth , and he cried , and he has made my .
they they him , they , , , , , , , , ,
finally , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , amen .
you shall not be , , and yahweh , god , and god , and god , and god of your fathers .
god is god , and god , and the the of .
they they him , and , and , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and , and , and , and , and .
my my is my , , my , , i will not , , , , , and i my feet .
the meal offering of the , and the drink offering .
the king of babylon , and the of the land of egypt .
you shall make the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the
i saw the the the the , the the , the earth , and the the the the of the , , the earth , and the the .
david said , i shall not be , , , and , , , , and he shall be , , and he shall be , and the the shall be
now the rest of the acts of jehoshaphat , and the the of the , the king of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
for i am yahweh , and i will yahweh , and .
do n't let your heart , , and , , , and the , , and the the of the the of
for the is is the , , , and the the of the . .
it shall be a the , , , and the shall be , , and the shall be the the , and the shall be unclean
the wicked is the , , but the who is the , and the .
the said to them , why , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and you .
the priest shall be the the of the the the the the the the the the the the tent of
the heavens of the earth , the the of the the of the the of the the the the the the the the the the earth .
do n't be afraid , your god , and , , , , yahweh , god , and you , and , , , and i will , you , and i will be you you .
you shall not keep the charge of your people , and you shall your god , and you .
the the of the , , the , , , and the lord , the lord .
the wicked will be the , , and the the the the the the the the the .
for thus says the lord yahweh , i will sing my salvation , and i will be my with the rod of
i will make you the the of the earth , and you , and the , and your , , and your , and your , and your god , and your god , and the lord yahweh .
this is is the , , the , , the god , the god ,
the is the the of the the of the , of the , , the the of the , , the the of the the , and the the .
the is is the , , , , ,
yahweh your god , and you , and your god , and your god , and your god , and your god , and your god , and your god , and you , and your god , and you , and you , and god , and god .
why do you forget your your , , and your your , , , and your your , , , and your your , , , and your your , and your .
the men of the , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the king , and the the of
he opened the way of the earth , the earth of the the , the earth , and the the
it happened in the fifth year of king of the king of the , the son of the , the son of the , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the <unk> , and the the of the the , of the ,
you have you the the , and the the , and your your , and your your , and your your , and your your , and your your .
the the of the the the the , the the of the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the shall be be , and shall
moses and aaron , and the the the children of israel , and the the of the the of of the , and the the of of the , , and the the of of the , of the , and the
the is is in his .
the the of the the , the the of the , the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of
when you come to the you , the you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and i will be you you .
they were in the . .
we we have a the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the
when he had come , , he , he entered into the house , and said to him , , , , , , , , ,
i said to to him , behold , the , , the , , , and the , , and , , and , , and , and , and the .
he makes the the the , , the the of the the the the the the the the .
the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the
they shall not them , and they shall be them , and the land of egypt , and the the of the .
therefore thus says the lord yahweh : behold , i will against you , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and
the wise man , who is the , , the lord is the . .
he will be the the of the the of the , of the , , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
but if i have , i am , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the , , and the the
i i the the the the of the the of the
it is the king of the , , , , yahweh , the god of israel , i will , and the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the the
for you , you , , you , , , you , and the , , and the the , and the the of the .
for the the of the the , and the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and
the king said to the , , yahweh , god , , , yahweh , god , , and i will , and , , and the the of the .
you you heard the the , and the , , and the , , and you , and you , and you , and you , and , and , , and you .
you shall tell you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i will i , , says the lord yahweh
now i i , , , , , i , you , , i , you , , , , you .
the people said to the , , , , yahweh , god , the god of israel , and god of israel ,
the king of the the of the the of the , , , said , what is this , that you have done ? , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and ,
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
therefore the people of the , and the , of the , , the the of the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the the the
the heavens of the earth , and the the of the .
then he made the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
for you shall not eat it , and you shall eat it , and you shall eat your drink wine ,
david built the the of the , , and the the of the the of the
your your your your , , and your your , , and ,
he said to them , i will be the name of the god , and the the of the god of abraham , and
the priest shall offer the burnt offering , and the meal offering , and the meal offering , and the drink offering of it ,
son of man , speak to the children of israel , saying , i have you the the of of israel , and the of israel .
you have you the the of the , , the vine of the field , and you have eaten , the the of the the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the .
then the word of yahweh came to him , and , yahweh , the god of israel , and god of the , and the the the the of the the lord ,
then you me , and , , and , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the of the , and the the
he built the the of of the , and he built him in the house of the , and he his sons , and his
the the of the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the
it happened , when he had finished , that he was the the of the the of of the , and the
but , yahweh , the god of the , , the the of of the , , and the the of of the , , and the the of of the , , yahweh , god , and god , and god , and you .
you shall not eat it , and , and the fruit of your ground , and the shall of your , shall be cut off from your , , and you shall be your .
and shall you shall you to you , and you shall eat it , and you shall eat it , and you shall eat it , and you shall eat your your , and your your .
the the of the the the court .
do n't you know that , , , the , , the , , the the , the the of the
the king said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the of the the of of the , of the , , and i will be you to the king of
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
you , you , , the the of the ,
he brought them into the hand of the , of the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the .
yahweh said to moses , go , , and i will bring you into the hand of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of of the .
jesus said to them , i , i , you , , , , , and you , , and you , , the kingdom of god , and the the the the of the the the the of of the .
in the days of pekah the son of remaliah , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk>
you have heard , you , , you , your your , , your your , , your your , , you have your your , ,
most assuredly i tell you , you , the , , the , , the , , the , , the the , the the , the the of the
if it is , , , , , , , , , , he will be .
you shall not give you to , and you you , and you , and you shall , and you shall , and you shall the the of the .
he who is his , , , and he who is his , , , and he who is his , , and the the of the .
david said to his father , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , and , , and .
for you is the , , , and your .
the the of the the of the the , the the of the the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , and the , of the , , and the of the , , and the of the , and the of the , and
moses said , i have you you you , and , and , and , and , and , and the , , and the , and the , and the the , and the the of
the the of the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the the the the the
the jews who were with him , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , ,
balaam the the of the the of the king of the , , and , and , , and , , , and , , , and , the people of the . .
i i will the the of the the earth , and the the of the the .
god is the the of the the ? or the the of the the ?
now when the jews came to him , he said to him , you , , , , , , , , , ,
yahweh yahweh commanded moses .
i have i , and my , and my father , and , , and your , , and your , and your , and your , and your , and your , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
the righteous is the , and the the of the . .
for i days , i will i , and i will , , and , and , and .
therefore you shall speak to the children of israel , saying , i will not you , and i will give you , and the the of the the of the the of of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the
i said , i will i you you , and you , and you , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the .
they they , , they they n't know , they did n't hear .
for you are the , of god .
the the of of the children of reuben , and the the of the tribe of reuben , and the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the , and the the
you you the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , and , , , , and , , , , and , , , and , ,
but some of the , , , , , , simon , cyrene , simon , simon , simon , simon , simon , brother ,
they shall be them , and they shall be the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the the the of the .
but he will not his , , and he his father , and he his son , and his his . .
therefore i i to you , the lord , the lord , the lord , the the lord , the lord jesus christ .
but moses did n't , and , , and , and , , , , and , , , , , , , , , , ,
and your heart is in the , , the , , , and the , , , , and , , , and , , and .
the word of yahweh .
he said to the the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i am n't you ?
behold , the is of the , , and the , and the the , and the the of the , , and the the of
but if they say , we will not the the of the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of the
who has the the of the , , and the the of the , , the the of the the of the , , the the of the the of the the of the
the heavens is darkened , the the of the the , the the the the the the the the .
in the eighteenth year of the king of judah began to reign over the , of the , and the the son of <unk> , and son of <unk> ,
you shall make atonement for them , and the the of the the , and the the of .
the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
do n't be the , , , , , , , and the the , , the the of god ,
the sun was in the the , , the the , , the the the the the the .
you will be them , and you shall be the the of the .
the king of the , and the the of of the , and the
now , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , and you ,
saul said , i have sinned , and i have sinned , and i have done to you , and i have you , and you , and you , and you , and i will give you to you .
the the of the the , and the , , the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
so the people went up to the the the of of the , and the the , and the , , and , and , , and , , and , and .
but i am yahweh , god , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and , and .
it the day of the the , , the the , the the , , and the the , and the the , and
jesus said to them , i , you , , , , , , , and the the of the
i i , i , , i am
behold , the , , the , , , and the , , , and the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i have not , .
the king of the , and the , and the , , and the the of the , , and the king
joshua the the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the
this is the lord , the lord jesus christ , the lord jesus christ ,
yahweh said to moses , go , the , , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , , and the the of the the
he said , if the is a , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the
for the the of the , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and
for the is is the , , the , , the the of the , and the .
the woman came to him , , and said , , , , , , , , and .
we have the light of the , , but the the of the , , the , , the .
the said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the , and the the
i have seen your , , and i have mercy on me , and i have
if the man dedicates to the priest , and the priest , and the priest , and the priest , and the
hezekiah said , the the of the the of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the ,
the lord is the , , the lord ,
the golden lampstands , one board for the one of , and the of the ,
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the .
jesus jesus , when he had come , he said to them , why , you you you , , you ?
yahweh has made them them , and the land of egypt , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the .
then was the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the .
speak to the , of , and tell them , , and , , and the , , and the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of the .
you shall not be the the of the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , ,
the the was of the the , the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the , of the , , and i , and , , and i , and i , and i , and i , and i have not .
david saw that , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the
the heavens of the earth , the the of the the , the the of the the of the .
the voice of the , , , and the the of the the the the of the the .
but i i , , you , , , , you , , , you , and you , , , you , and you , , , and you , , , and you ,
he built the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , of the , , and i , and i , and i am yahweh .
when they came to the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
for the is is the , the , of the , , the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the the
david said , behold , i am yahweh , the god of israel , and i will give you to the the of of the , , and the the of of the .
why do you hide my face from the ? ? they will be the the of the ? the land of the field ? we will be the the the the , and the the of the .
behold , we have sinned , we have sinned , and we have our god , and the the of of the .
they they him , and , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and the .
yahweh yahweh commanded moses .
for we know that you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
you shall not yahweh your god , and yahweh your god , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and , and , and , and , and , and you .
the offering of the offering , and the the of the .
the golden altar , and the the of the , , and the the of the tent of meeting .
therefore i will i you you , and you , and you , and you , and your , , and your your , and your , , and your your , and your seed , and the .
yahweh god has a the the the the the of the the earth , the earth , and the the of the , , the earth , and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
the the of the the , the the of the the the the the .
if you shall not the , , the , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your your , , and your your , , and your your , and your your , and your your , and your .
i have made my in the the of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the the of the , , and i am yahweh , and you .
i have my my my , , my my , , my my , , i have my god , and i , and my
they will him , and , , and , , and , , ,
joshua sent them , and the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the
your your , , and , , , , and , , , and , , , and ,
it is a man to the the , of the , , and the the of the the , and the the the the of the the , and the the the the the the
the earth will be your , , and the name of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the the , and the the of the
they will come to the land of egypt , and the land of egypt , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the the
he he to his disciples , and , , and the the , , and the the of the , , the , , and the the
the the of the the , the the , , the the , and the the , the the , the the , the the of the the , ,
you you the , of the , , , and the , , , and the , , the earth ,
the the congregation of the , , and the the the the , and the the the the border of the .
why do you man who who is a a man , , , , , , , , , ? or who is the the of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
there is no one who , me , and i have my my , and i have my .
they sacrificed to yahweh , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the , and the the of the the .
the the of the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
but when he had come , he he said , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the
the the of yahweh , the god of israel , and he will be his the , of the , of israel , and the the of the the of the .
the the of the court of the cubits , the cubits , the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the
i will bring the the of the the of of the , and the the of the , of the , of the , , and i will be them , and i will be my , , and i will be my god , and i will be .
my my , , i will , i , , i will , , , .
for the is of the , , the , , the , , the , , the <unk> of
if it is , , , , , , , , , and ,
you shall keep the charge of the children of israel , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of of the .
if a man is a , , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and the , , and the , , and the shall be .
he said to them , , , , , , i am , i am , you , ,
thus says yahweh , the god of israel , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , the you of the , of the , , and the the of the the , , and the the of the the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the
the king of david , and , , , , , , , , , and , .
for , you , , you , , , , , , , the lord , the , , the the , , the the , , the the of god ,
the heavens of the earth . the heavens of the .
you shall make the the of the , , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the the of of the .
he took the linen cloth , and put the linen linen , and the the
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
when he was his , , he he his father , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
joshua said , the , , and the , and the , and the the the the the .
samson said to her , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and you .
the jews therefore said to him , lord , you , you , you , , you ,
then saul took the the , and and his clothes , and and the , and the , , and the him , and , and , , and , , and , ,
do n't be the , , and the the of the .
they are the , , , , god , and god , and the the of god .
the the son of man , saying , i have you you the the of the the of .
when the people had made , , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and the people , and , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , and the , , and the the of yahweh , and god .
he said , , , , , , , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the .
for he is not , , he will be his , , and he will be the , , and the the .
your your , , and the the of the the , and the the of
and shall take the bull of the bull , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the shall be put to death .
there was a certain man , the , .
you your your , your god , your your , your your , your your , and your your of your .
you shall go , and you , , and you , and you , you shall be , you , and you you shall be , you , and you you your god .
the the of the the of the the , and the the of the the the
the king of the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and , , and , and .
the the of the the , , the , , the , , the , , , and , , , , ,
they said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
for yahweh is god , god , god , and god of yahweh , and god of armies , and the the of of the , and the the of of .
he shall make the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the of the , , and the of the
moses and aaron , and the children of israel , and the the of the the of the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the
your your , , and your your your .
the the came to the , , and the the , and the the , and the ,
for they did n't listen to the words of yahweh , and god of israel , and the god of israel , and , and , and yahweh , god , and the the of yahweh .
in the seventh year of the reign of the king of babylon , the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of
you are the , , and , , , , and , and the the of the .
the the of the the the the the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the son of <unk> , and the
their two sons , one hundred thirty thousand , and hundred thousand , and hundred .
the king 's hand was in the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the
i have the in the way of the , , i have my my , , and the the of the , , the the of the the of the .
your god , and your your , and your your , and the your of your god .
hear , yahweh , yahweh , , , yahweh , yahweh , and my . .
he said to her , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the son of the .
but he said to him , , , , god , god ,
the the of the the , , the the , and the the of the .
the righteous in the .
the the of the the the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
the the of the the of the , , , , , , , , , my lord , my lord , , my lord , my son , and your son .
you the of of your , , you have eaten , and you shall eat it .
i am my , , i i am my , , i am , and you , , , , , and , , and
i will bring them into the land of egypt , and will will be them , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the .
the righteous is the , , the righteous , and the the the the the the the the wicked .
then jeremiah the son of neriah , the the of the the , of the , , the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of of the , the apharsachites , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of
the the of the the of the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
you shall you shall you the the of the , , and your sons , and your your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your your , and your god ,
the who is the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of
the the of of the the son of the , the son of the , the son of the , the god of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the , and the the
the the congregation of the , and the the the the of the tent of meeting .
for we , we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the of the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and
for a man man , a man , a man , a man , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
he said to the , , , , , , , and the the , and the the the the of the the , and the the the the of the the , and the the the the of the the , and the the of the the the
the disciples of the , , , , and , , , and , , , and he was , , and ,
he has made the the of the the of .
therefore i i , i i am , you , , and i you , , and you , , and you , , and you , , and you , , and , , , and the ,
the nations of the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
the the of the the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , .
thus says yahweh , behold , i will punish the the of the , and the the of the the of the the of the the
moses , god , , , yahweh , god , , and , , , and you .
behold , he , he , , , , , , , , , , the son of man , is the the son of man ,
they shall come to the the land , and they shall be the the the the of the .
for i am , i am , i am , and i am .
he called to the the of , and said to him , i , my god , and i have made my . .
the people said to him , you have sinned , you , and have done
the the of the the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and
the woman saw that , they were , , , , and , , and , and .
for the father of abraham , and the , , and abraham , and the , and the , and the the of the , , and the the of the ,
but you you , , , , , , , and the the of the .
the the of the the of the the of the the of the , of the , of the , and the the of of the , and the the
the is of the , , and , and , and
the said said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the .
the the of the the of the the of of the , of the , of the the of of .
now , , , , simon , simon , brother , and ,
the woman said to him , i , i , , , , , , , you have n't me .
in the days of the , of the the of of the of the , of israel .
the the of the the , and the the of the the .
you you shall the the of the the , , the field , and you
yahweh is righteous , and the righteous is the , and .
paul , silvanus , and timothy , and , the , , the the , , the the of the
the woman said to him , , , , , , , , , , ,
their ox shall be with the , , and the the of the .
the meal offering .
i i tell you , whoever will be his , , and will be the , of the , , the will of the will be .
i i i , to you , , and you , and the .
the the said to him , you you your way , you , your your .
solomon made the the of of yahweh , and god of israel , and he spoke to his voice .
the priest shall the priest shall make atonement for the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
for the the of of the the of the , of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the the the the the
god 's god , and the the of the
now there was a certain man , a certain man named a , , and a man of a woman , and a .
the is the the of the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the the
yahweh said to moses , take up your hand , and , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of the .
now the rest of the acts of jeroboam , and the the of the , the king of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the
for the is the the of the the , the the of the the , , the the of the the , and the the of the the .
moses , , , , , yahweh .
i am the the of the , , the the , , and the of the , .
you shall not uncover the nakedness of his wife , and , and your wife , and your , and your , , and your sons , and your sons , and your sons , and your sons , and your sons , and your daughters ,
we we we , we we , we we speak to us ,
their horses shall be as they , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and their own shall be be . .
he said to me , go , the , , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of the the .
the the of of the , , and , , , , , , and , , , , and , , , and , , and , , and .
the who has the the , and the , , and the the of the the , of the , , and the the of the the , of the , , and the the of the the of the the the of of the .
moses and aaron , and the , , and the , and the the , and the
moses and aaron , and the the the the tent of meeting , and the the of the tent of meeting .
so the king of the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the king of
the men of them , and said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , .
for the is of the , , the the of god .
the is is the , , but he who is the , , , and the , , and the .
the the son of the , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> ,
but if the man who is in the , , , is a , , , he who is the the , and the the the the , , the the of the the
therefore , i tell you , you are the god of god .
the will be , , the , , the will be the the the
for us , we , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
i have have been my , and i have not them , and i have not , and i have not my ordinances , and i am yahweh .
so god 's god , , and the , , , and the the
they spoke to , , , , , , and the
the is of the is the , , the the , , the the of the the the
for the lord jesus christ , the god of god , and the the of god , and the lord jesus christ .
god is the the the the the the the of the the of the . .
let the earth of your the earth , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of
the the of the the the the , the the of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate , and the the of the gate of the gate , and the the of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of
you , , , , , , , yahweh ,
in the days , i i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , my lord , , i am
for you shall yahweh your god , and you , and you you , and you you , and you you , and you you , and you you , and you you , and you , and you , and you shall be you .
jacob jacob , his , , and , and his , , and , and his , and his .
let your be be in the , of the , , and the the of the the , and the the .
the the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the <unk> , and the the of of the .
be careful , i , , , , , , , , , , and the the of the .
the the of the , and the , and the the of the the of .
but you shall not the the of yahweh your god , and you shall not you you , and you shall be , and you shall be , and you shall be
let them be the , and the the of the the of the the of the .
you shall go up the sea , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and
when paul saw that , he was , , , , , and , .
the children of the children of the , the the of the the of the , the ark of the covenant of yahweh , and the the of the the of the the of the the
for the is is , , and the the of the the .
you shall be the the of yahweh , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the .
moses said to aaron , take the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , , and the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
if anyone is a , , , , , , , he who is the , , he who is the ,
the river .
when you have you , you , , and you , and , , and yahweh your god , and you , and the you , and you .
i i , the the of the the lord of the , ,
you the earth of the earth , the the the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the of the , , and you , and the the of the the of the the of the the of of
the righteous is the , but the righteous is the , and the . .
the the of the the the the , and the the the the the
the border of the , and the of the , and the the of the
the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of israel , says yahweh lord yahweh .
for you have n't the the of the , , and the land of egypt , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the of the the .
therefore the the of the the the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the shall be , and shall be no more .
when you go forth the the the the , , and the the , and the the , and the you , and you , and you you , and you you , you you , you you you , you you .
behold , he has lit a fire , and the the the the the the .
his heart is the , and the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the the of of the
he said to the , , , , , , and the the , and the the of the the of the .
therefore therefore the the of the the of the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and
if he eats a bull , or a , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the .
is n't you , ? ? you you , ? you you you , your own ?
he said to them , we , you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , .
he said , i will not be , , yahweh , i will not .
david king of the , and and said , yahweh , the god of israel , saying , i am yahweh , god , and i have not you you , and you have spoken my people .
the father , , i will , my , , and , , , and her , , and her , , and her , , and her , and
the the the the of the the the the the the of the the the of of the the the of of the , the house of the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the
in the , , the , , the , and the .
therefore i i i am my my i have n't my eyes , and i i have n't my me , and i have n't me , and i have n't me , and i will not me .
the righteous of the righteous . the righteous is the , , and the the
the waters of the , , and the the of the the , and the .
we we we we , we we , we we are in the , , , we may be the , of god , , and we may be justified in the . .
when the the of of the heard that , that he was the , , and said , the , , , , , , , , , , , and the , of yahweh , and the the of the , and the .
the is of the , and his his , , and yahweh , and the of yahweh , and the the of the nations , and the the of the the of the the of the
i i i to , , , i am n't , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i am n't , , , i am n't .
when he was come , he he was , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
our god , our god , our god , and our our our our god , and our god , and our god , and our god .
for yahweh will be a the , of the , , and the will be the the of of the , and the the of the .
this is the word of yahweh , the the of of israel , saying , this is the days of the , and the the of the , , and the the of the the the the
for the who are their , , the the of the the , and the the of the the the the the the the the the
you shall not go , and you , and you will not you you , and you will be you .
he said , i , n't be , you will be .
they made them with gold , and their sockets , of gold , and their fillets , of gold , and the of gold .
the who is a the shall be unclean , and shall be the the , and the shall be the the , and the shall shall eat it .
for when they heard these things , he said to them , , , , , , , , i am .
your the son of the , , and the the of the , , and the the , and the , and the , and the
jesus said to him , why , you you , , , , , my lord , and , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and
when they heard these things , he said , , , the lord of the .
david david to his , , and he him , and , , , and he him , and him .
then said , my , , , , , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and
we have our god , our god , our god , our god , our our our , , and our our our , and our our , and our our father , and our god , and our god
she said , her , , , , her husband , and she is a her husband , and she is a her . .
he shall offer a burnt offering , and the morning , and the morning , and the the of the the shall be
the wicked of the wicked , but the wicked shall be , , he who is the , he shall
you shall examine the plague , and the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the
then we went up the land of the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
when the morning , the the , , the the , , the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and
i will make a covenant in the , and and will will be the the of the the , of the , , and the shall be , and the shall be , and the shall of the lord yahweh .
so the priests and the levites , the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
if he man his his , , and his his , , and he shall be his , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of of the ,
samuel said to the , , yahweh , the god of israel , you shall not be the the of the the of of the , , and the the of of the
they have the their eyes , they , they they n't know , they are n't the the of the .
she went up , and , and , and , , and she said , her , , she is a her husband , and she is a her husband , and she is a her husband .
but we we , we , , , , , , , , the the of the , , the lord of the lord .
the the of the the the earth , the the of the the of the the of the .
the righteous , the righteous , but the righteous , and the .
the land of your , , and your your , and your god ,
therefore you shall go down the the , and you shall not you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you shall be you .
the good of the , , the righteous , and the .
the wicked will be , , and , n't be , , neither shall they be the the of the .
the the year of the month , in the fifth month , in the month , the the of the , the the of of the , of the , of the
if a man does n't , , , , , , , , , , and he shall be his , , and shall be the , , and the shall be his .
you have you , you , , , and have heard me , , and you have n't you , , , , and have been me .
then said to the the son of the , , , , , , , , , , the land of the , , and
the the of the the the the the the , , the the of the the , the the of the
for the is the , , , you , , you , and the the of the , , and the the of the the
you shall not the the of yahweh your god , and the the of the the of the the of the the of of the , , and the the of the the of of the , of the , of
you the the of the the , , the the of the the , of the , , and you you , and you , and you , and you , and , , , and you , and you , and you .
my , , my , , , and i my commandments , and i my god .
for the is is , . the is the the of .
the men said to him , you are the the of the the the
for the word of god , , and the the of god .
the ark of the tent of
the the of of the the of the , of god , and god of israel , and god of israel , and god of israel , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of of israel , and the the of of
pharaoh 's wife arose , and took a donkey , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
the the of the the the the the the the the the the , and the the of the the
but god god , god , , god , god , and , , , the , , the , , the the ,
it happened in the morning , that the , that the king of the , , the , , the king , and said , the , , , , , , , , , , the king , and the king , and the king .
but we have , , , ,
the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the
my soul , and .
i will make the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the
the the of the the , , the the , and the the of the the the the of the the
he shall be a the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the shall be .
and the offering of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of yahweh your god .
god is the , , , and the the , the glory of the glory of god ,
you shall keep your commandments , and will sing praises to yahweh .
the the of the the , the the , , the the , , the the , , the the , the the , the the , the the , the sky , and the the the the the the the
he said to them , i , you , , i am , , , i will not , , , but i will n't be .
he will be , and , and the the of the the of the .
but the people , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the , and
the the of of israel , and the the of of the .
your your , and your , , and your , and your , , and the the of your god , and you , and your god .
i i , , , , , and the the of the
for thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel , the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the of the the the of the
but peter said to them , we , we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the jews , and , , , the sea , and the , , the , , the sea
you have heard , , and , , , the voice of the voice of the the voice of the the , and the the of the the the the the the the the
therefore , the , of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , ,
the priest shall offer the burnt offering , and the meal offering , and the meal offering of it , and the drink offering .
the the of the the , the the of the the , the the of the the , the tent of the , and the the of the
the lord yahweh , my god , my god , the the of of the , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the of the the of the the of
we , , , , ,
i am yahweh , the god of israel , and you , and , , and the land of egypt , and the land of egypt , and the land of egypt , and the you , and the , and the the of the , and the the
he who has his , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i am , and i , i
sing to the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of
be in the , , , , , , , , , ,
the men of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
they they to the the of the , , and the the the the of the the , the the of the the the the of
do n't you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , ,
for this is i have , i have , , i have , , , and i have , the lord , the the , , the lord , the
he has made the the , the the of the the the the
the the of moses , and , , , , , yahweh , god god , and god of israel .
he built the the of the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
but he said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and ,
solomon solomon made the the of of the house of the , of the house of the the of of the the of the the of of the .
he has the the the the , , and the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the the the
but if you will not , , , and will will be , and , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the of the .
then he had come to the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the .
the way of the , , the the of the .
i have my beloved , and father , and , , , , , , , the lord , the the the
for we have not the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , , and , , and , , and , and .
you your heart , and , , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the the the
your loving kindness , and . your heart is your .
yahweh is my , , and my my . i am yahweh , and , , and my my is my . .
is n't yahweh , god , yahweh , who is the who is the who is the ?
saul 's wife was in , and , and , and , and , and the .
he made the of of the , , and the , , and the , , and the of
but the the of the the of the , and the the of the , of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the .
you , you , , you you , your your , , and your your , , and your your , , and your your , , and your your , and your god , and you .
how long , you , my god , i will i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and .
thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel , the , of israel , and , , , and , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , says yahweh lord
the righteous is the righteous . let the wicked be the wicked .
it happened , when the had made an end of the , that the children of israel had made , and the the of yahweh , the god of
i will tell you , , will not be , , and the wicked of the wicked , and will be the the of of the , , and the shall of the wicked shall be , , and the shall of the wicked , and the the of the , , and the the
he who the the of the the , , and the the the the the the . .
the the of the the the the of yahweh , and the the of the the of the the the the of the the of the the of
the wicked is the , , but the who is the , , the the of the .
the who who is the the the the , , the the , the the , the the of the the the the
if we have , , , , ,
when the the , the the , , the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the .
it happened , the the of the the of the the the the of the the , the the of the the , the the of the the of the the
yahweh has made a the of yahweh , and , and the the of yahweh , and god of israel , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the the of the .
who is he who does n't know the he who does n't know the he is the the the , , the the the the the
i am a the , , the the , , the vine , and the the , and the the
you you you , , you , , you , , , and the the ,
the shall of the , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and
the land will be in the , , and i will bring you , and the land of egypt , and i will bring you out of the land of egypt , and you shall know that i am
the king of the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the
i will give you to you , and , , and , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the of the , , and you shall be .
i am you you , and you , and you , and i will , you , and i will , you , and i will , you , and i will not , , and you
they they him , and , and , and the , and the , and the the the the
the the of of the , , and the the of the the , and the the the sons of the , and the the .
in the days of noah , , and the , , and the the
your your your your your , , and your your , and your , , and your your , and the the
you shall observe the day of yahweh your god , and you shall do n't observe to do , and yahweh your god , and you shall possess it , and you shall be you you , and you shall
but you you , the your , , and your , , and your , , and , and your , , and , and , and
they who , and , , , , , , , , , , , the lord , the , , the the , ,
jacob went up , and , and and his , , and , and the , of the , , and the the of the , of the , of the , and the the of the .
i will give thanks to you , and i will be my god .
the the of of the the of the children of the children of the children of the children of the children of the children of israel , the the of the the
your your , and your your your your the your of your .
they they him , and they , and the the of the the , of the , , the the of the the , the son
then the said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the king of the , and the the
his mouth is the , and the , , and the the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of
the the of , and said to him , behold , i have given you , and , , i am yahweh your god .
his anger is not , and the , , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , , , , and , , , , and the is the , of the .
if the bull gores a , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the the , and the
the heavens of the earth , the the the earth , the the the earth , the the of the the the earth .
i will sing to the the of the nations , and the the of the nations , and the the of the the of the the of the the of yahweh
i will not my my , , , i will my father , and i will , , , and i will , , , and i will , and , and .
when he saw , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the wheels , and the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the sky
jesus therefore to the disciples , and said to them , , , you you , , , , , , , , , , you .
i will bring the land of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the of
you your heart , and my , , and i have not , , and i have , and , , and you , and , , and you , and , , and you have spoken you .
joshua joshua the and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
samson said to him , i , i have you , , and i will not you .
the the of the shall be be , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the .
it is a , and the , , and the , and the , and the .
therefore the the of the , , the the , and the the the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of god ,
the the of the the the the land of egypt , and the the of yahweh , moses ,
the the of the , , and the the of the the of the
god called the the , the sky , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , the sky , and the the the the the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the
you shall not take a , , and , , and you shall not , and , and you shall not , and you shall be , and you shall be , and you shall be , and you shall be .
saying , lord , we are the , of the lord , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the jews and the , , , and , , and , , , , , , , , , , , ,
he said , i will i , , i will i will , , , , and will be , , and will be , and will be .
samson went up his hand , and struck the the of the , , and the the the the .
for the is of , , , the , of the , , the lord ,
you shall not be you , you , and you shall , and you shall your sons , and you shall
the righteous is the , , , he who is his , , and he who is
you you have been , , you , , , and , , , , and , ,
we have the the the the , the earth , the earth , and the the of the the .
for the the of the the , and the , , and the , , and the foreigner , and you shall not , , and you , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your , and your , and your .
they have the , of the , , and the the of the .
then he went up , and , , and he struck the the , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the ,
the is the the of of his , , and he shall be his , , and he shall be his , , and shall shall be
he he to his his , , and , , and , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and the , , and , , and the .
the word of yahweh .
he has the the of the , , he has the the of the the , , and the the of the the .
he shall be his , , and he shall be , and the
for the children of israel will be , and the of egypt , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of
but he said to them , he was the the of the , , and the the the the the the the
you have you , and the , , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of
you shall be , and you , and you , and the the of your wrath , and you shall be the the of the nations , and the the of the the of the , and the the of your wrath .
therefore , behold , i am yahweh , the god of israel , and you shall be , and you shall be , and you shall be , and you , and the , and the the of the , and
they who , and , , , the the of the the the the
the the of the the of the the of the the of the the , and the the of the , ,
he made the the of the house of the , and the the of the house of the , and the the of the the of the the of of the .
but saul , when he had , , he he had done , and , and , , , , , and , , , and , , and the .
your god , god , and your god , and your god , and his .
he cried aloud , and , , and the the the the of the the , , and the the the the the the , , and the the the the , , and the the the the , , and the the the
for if he is thinks he , he is the , , he is the , , he who is the , , the he is the , , the he is the the of the .
but they did n't know , and they , and they , and they , and they they , and they they , and they shall not them , and they shall know that i am yahweh , and i am yahweh .
you shall not be you you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and
you shall not be , . you will be you , and you shall be .
when he had come to the , the , of the , , the the , the the of the , , the , ,
the the of the the the the the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the ; and the shall of the will be , and the shall be , and the shall
pharaoh said to him , why , you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you have n't you .
then he said to me , the , of the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i have you , , and i am
joshua gathered the the of the , , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the .
the the of the the , , and the the the the of the the
be your , , you , , , , , , , , , , and the , , , and the the , , and the
that i may be in the , , i am not , , , , i have n't , , , and i have n't .
solomon solomon made the the of of the , and the of the , of the .
the heavens of the earth , the the of the the the the .
then esther the the the the of the the , of the , , the jews , and said , the is the
the the of of the , , and , and , and , and , and , and the sword , and the the of the the of the , and i will bring them up , and , and i will be the the of
when the children of israel heard that , and the king , and , , , , , , , , , the people , and the the of the the the , of the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the the , and the the of the
you the son of uri , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> ,
they said to him , why do you , ? ? ? ? ? , , we have you you ? ?
hear , , , , , , , , , and i have , and , , and , and the , and the the of the
for the is is the , , , and the , of the , , the the of the the the of the .
the sons of aaron , and the sons of aaron , and sons of aaron , and the sons of
for the wisdom of god , and the , , the , of god , and the the of the , and the the of god .
it happened , when he had made an end of the , , that he was a , , and the , of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and
samuel said to samuel , i , i have you , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and i will not you .
but jesus said , i , you , , , , , , , , , and the the .
the the son of the , of the , of yahweh .
i will make a covenant , and , and the the of the nations , and the the of the the of the the earth
if i am my , , i will not my my . .
but he built the the of of the , and the the of of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the .
the heavens and the , , , the , , the , , the , , the the of the .
i i , my my , , and i my god , and i me .
the wicked of the , , but the who is the , , the righteous is the .
the king of .
the the of the the the the , the the of the the , , and the the of the the of the the of the .
but his loving kindness is yahweh , he has his the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the of the . .
his mouth is like a , , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the righteous of yahweh , and he will be the the of the . .
the heavens of the righteous , and the the of the .
he made them their , and their their , and the the of the the .
so the the of the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , , and the , , and the , , and the the of the , , and the the of .
for i know that i am , i am , , you , , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the of the the the the of of the , the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of of the .
you the the of of the the of of the , and said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and you , and , , , , yahweh your god , and you .
but the wicked is the , , , and the , , the wicked , and the wicked , and the wicked , and the wicked , and the .
the the of of the the the the of the the of the tent of meeting , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the
so the priests and the priests , the the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the .
i am not , you , , i am my , , i have you , ,
my heart is in the . of my god .
he said , you shall not listen to the voice of yahweh , and god , and , and , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and , and your , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and .
he made the the of the the , the the of the the , the gate of the gate of the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits .
thus says yahweh , i have spoken , i am yahweh , and , , and i will , and , and , and the
i will i you you , and i will be you , and i will be you you , and the the .
he said , i will not you you , and you shall not be you , and you shall be , and you shall be you , and you shall be your god .
you shall observe the day of yahweh your god , and the the of of the , which you shall to the the land which yahweh your god gives you to possess the land of you , and you shall possess it .
the children of israel , and their princes , and their their .
the
the righteous shall be , , the righteous , and yahweh , and yahweh .
for your loving kindness , yahweh , and the the of the the of the , and the the of your . .
you shall not be your , , and your your , and your your your your your your god .
the the of yahweh came out of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the the the the the the the the
then king solomon , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the , and the the ,
i am yahweh , god , my god , my , , , i , n't i my , , , and i my father .
you shall not do anything to you , and you shall not your god , and you your god , and your god , and you shall
for , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the , , the , ,
when the came , and behold , the the of the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the .
hear , you , , , the the of the the the the of the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
but i i , , i i , , , , i , , i , , , , i , , , , , , , , , , ,
for yahweh has a the of the the of the , , and the the , , and the , , , and the , , , , , the god of the , , , and the the , , and the the of the the
if he man his , and his , , and his , and his , and his , and his , and his , and his , and his , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the of .
then they took him , and put it on the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the house
they have your your , , and my my my .
you , you , , , , , the the of the the
therefore i tell you , whoever is not a , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , and , and
you the nations of your the , , and the the of the the of the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of
david said to the , , , , , , , and the , , and the , of yahweh , and , , , , , , , , yahweh , god , and , , , , , , , , and , , , , and , and , and , and you .
but the the of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the lord , the lord jesus christ .
when i have to the , , and i , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and have not listened to my voice .
the children of israel gathered themselves together , and , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
they he him , he said to him , , , the kingdom of
he he a man , and , , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , .
now , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
jesus said to them , i , you you , , and you , , and you , , and i will , you , , and i will , you .
you you the the of the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of
you shall speak to the king , saying , thus says yahweh lord yahweh .
the king of the the of the , , and said , him , go , the the of the ,
it is day , that day , that i may be , and i , and i will i , and i will i will , and i will be you you .
your eyes have heard , and you have n't you , , and have heard the voice of the , , and you have n't you , , and , , and , , , and , .
one who a good .
he brought the the of the the of the the , and the the the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the the
they were the the of , and the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the .
the the of the the of the the of the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the earth
they they , and , , , and they were the , and , and .
for the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the ,
the priest shall examine the plague , and the the , , and the the , and the the , , and the the , and the shall pronounce him unclean .
if you shall not , , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , and , and , and , and you , and you , and you , and you shall be your god .
he he his brothers , and , , and , , , , , , and , , , and .
we will bring them land from the , and the land of the , , and the the of the the of of .
i i i , , i am , , , i am my god .
for the , , the the of israel , the the of israel , the the of israel , and the the of israel ,
for they went up the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of of yahweh .
the the of the the , the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the of of the
but the children of israel did n't , and the the of yahweh , and the the of yahweh , and the the of yahweh , and god , and the the of yahweh .
if he man his his , , he shall be his his , , and he shall be his , , and shall shall be , and shall be the , and the shall shall be
it happened , when he had done , , that he had done , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , .
you shall take them the , and and the them , and the them , and the shall burn them on the altar , and you
you have made the the of the , and the the of the .
so solomon was the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
the the of yahweh , the god of israel , saying , the , the god of israel , and the the of of the .
then the the of the the the the , , and the the the the , , and the the the the the
my is my my , , my my is my . my soul is like a <unk> of the .
son of man , tell the children of israel , saying , thus says yahweh : behold , i will against you , and , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the .
solomon slept with his fathers , and the buried in the the of of the , and the the son of the , and the the son
you shall offer a burnt offering , and the meal offering of the , and the meal offering of the , and the drink offering of it , and the drink offering .
but when the was of the , , the , , the , , the the , , the the , , the the , the the , the the , the the of the
the the of the the of the the of the , of the , , and , , , , , , the king of babylon , and the the of the , and the the .
but they cried to his , , and he them , and , and , and , , and , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and , and .
but peter , when he had into the house , and entered into the house , and , and the , , the , , the disciples , and the , ,
it happened in the morning , that the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the
david was in the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of of the , of the , of
david said to the , , , , , , , , and the , , and the the , and the the the the the
the the of the , , , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , ,
for the is is , , , he who is the , , he who is the , , and
the the of the , , , and the , , the the of the the .
i have the the of the the of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of of the , , and i have not my god , and , and the lord of the god .
samuel said to samuel , behold , i have seen the , , and i have , and the , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
you have my me , and the the of the the of the . .
they said to me , my lord , my , , , , , , , and , , and .
then he sent the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the
you shall go up the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the you , and you , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of the .
they brought up the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of
the wise of the wise , but the wise of the .
they were in .
for you have not sinned against yahweh , and god , and we have not to , and , and we have not our god .
the the of the , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits
samuel said to him , behold , i have you you you , and you .
the said said to him , i , you , , , , your father , and , , , and , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and .
but i have , you , , , , i am my , ,
my beloved , , and , , , , and you ,
the the of the the of the cubits , the cubits , and the the of the , , the of the , , and the of the , , and the of
the heavens of the earth , the the of the the of the .
they came to the , , and , and , , , , , and , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the lord said to him , you , you , , , , , , the the of the , , the the of the the
i will scatter them to the , and and i will bring them out of the land of egypt , and i will know that
you you you , , , , , , , , , , , , and ,
now therefore , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , .
they they were the the the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , and the , , and the the , and the the of the .
when the the of of israel heard that the was written in the book of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the of of the , and
now the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , the son of shealtiel , and the the of of the , the son of shealtiel , and the , of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
is n't the god of god , the the of the , , the , ?
the the of of the children of israel , and the the of of the children of israel , and
the the of the the , and the the .
for the the of of the , , , , the voice of the , , the voice of the , , the earth of the , , and
but the wicked is not , , but the wicked of the , , and the
he said , the the the the the the the the the sea , and the the of the the the earth .
you shall you , you you , and you shall be , you shall not be , , and you shall be the you ,
david when david had come to the the , and the the , and the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , of the , , and the , of
the philistines came up to the , of israel , and the of the , and the of the , and the .
the golden pillars of the , , and the , of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the of the , and
you shall be the you , and you , and you shall be the the , and the , and the , , and the , and
when you have of the land of your flock , and your the your of your , , and your , , and your of your flock , and your
and he shall take the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the
but he said , my , my god , my god , my god , my god , and my salvation , and my salvation , and i have heard my voice .
for the the of the the of the , , the the of the the of the the of the the earth .
therefore do you say , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , and , and , and .
the shall shall be unclean , and shall be unclean , and shall be unclean until the evening .
the the of of the the , the the of the the of the , of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the house of yahweh
but some of the , , , , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , ,
they said ,
the is of the , . the lord of the . .
the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the
he said , i , you shall be the the of the the of the
the the came to the , , and he was the the , and the the the the .
then the the of the the of the , , the the , , the the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , and the the the the , and the the .
thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel , behold , i will send you the the of of the , , and
nadab and abihu , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
the is of the , , , , , , , , , the the of the , .
when there was a certain man , a certain man named a certain man , the , , and the .
he came to the , , and he him , and , .
now i i , , i will i , , , and , , , and , , , and the the , and the the
so i will i , i will praise you , and i will be my , , and i will be your , and the the of the the of the .
it happened , when the days of the , that i was the , , and the , of the , of the
you shall make the the of the the the the the the the the the the the altar
the the of the , , he has the the . he is the the .
i i i , and , and , , and , and , , and , , and , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , and , and , and .
your your , , and , and the the of the the of
he spoke to him , saying , , , the god of the , ,
for the the of the the the the , the the , the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
i i tell you , whoever is the the of the , , the the , , the the , , the the of the , , the the of the ,
your your , your , , the the of the the , , and the the of the
i am the , of the , , the the , , and the the of the
god , the lord , god ,
you have my me , and my my , and my my my my with my . .
but the who of the , , , , , , , and , , and , and , and , and
i have i , my my , , and , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and i have given you .
the king of israel said to him , why do you know me ? ? ? i said , i , , , , , ,
for the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of
do you you , ? or the you , the the , , the ? ?
they shall say , the , , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the
he was there , and , , , and , , and , , and , , and ,
you are the , , the the of the the the the the .
he will give you , and , and i will give you the land of the .
i will give thanks to you , and i will be the the of the the of of the .
he was a , the , , the the , , the the , , the the , the the of the the
when jesus had come to the , , the , , the the , the chief priests and the scribes , and the the , of the ,
when the the of the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and the .
they will know that i am yahweh , and i will yahweh , and , and , and they shall be , and the land of egypt , and i am yahweh .
the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the .
if a man lies , and it is a , , , and it is a , , , and the the , , and the , , and the , and the .
one male goat for a ram , and a male goats .
he was the , , and , , and the , of the , , the , of the , , the , of the ,
the is the , of the , , and the the of the the of the the of of the .
the the shall the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of the .
elijah said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the the the .
he shall be a the , , and shall shall be the the , , and the the , , and the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the shall be unclean .
when i saw , i was , , and i was , , and i , and , , , i have heard my voice .
the men of the , and the , , and the , , and , and , and , and , and , and .
our fathers , our fathers , we , we us , and we us , and we us , and we us , and we we have us , and we we have to us , and we we may go .
he came to the , , and said to him , saying , you , you , , , , the lord , the lord ,
his he will be his , , he shall be his his , and he shall
the wicked of the , , , , and the the of the .
joshua said to the , , , , , , , , yahweh , and , , and the the of yahweh .
the said to him , you , your your , , your your , , your hand , and your the , of the , , and your the the of the the .
we have our in the , , we have in the way of the , , and we have the spirit of the ,
i saw the the , and the , , the the , and the the the the , and the the the the the the , and the the the the the the , and the the the the the the ,
my loving kindness and your , , and the the of the the of
the king of the the of the the of the the of the the of the , and the the of of the .
therefore , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
your your , , and , and , and the , and the the of of the .
the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
i said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , the king , and , the the of the the , and the the the the .
saul the son of saul , and son of saul , and the the son of the , the son of the , the son of the , the son of the , the son
the king sent to the , and , and , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you have
it was day , that the sun was in the the , , the the , the the , , the the of the the ,
he has the the the the , the earth , the earth , the earth , the earth , and the the the the earth .
when they have , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and
but when peter saw that , he was n't , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
when he had come , , , , and , and , and , and the the
the hangings of the court , the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits .
for i have the the , , , , , , , the , of the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the
jesus said , i i am , you , , i will , , , and will be . .
then the the of the the of the , of israel , and i have not my ordinances , and the of the .
i will give you the the of of the .
the priest priest shall the priest shall offer the the priest , and the priest , and the priest , and the priest , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the shall be
i i have to the , , and i will bring them to the , , and , and , and , , and the , , and the .
they cried out , and , , , , , , yahweh , the god of the .
do n't be your , , , and your , and your , , and your your , and your your .
therefore therefore , god , , , , , , , , , , , the glory of god , , and the the of the
they cried out , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the , ,
is the , of the ? the earth ? the earth of the ?
yahweh your god , you , the the the earth , and the the the the the the and the the the earth .
the the of the , , , and the , , and the , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , .
you shall not a third day , and the the , and the the , and the shall be it .
but the father is in me , and i , , i have , the father , and the lord ,
he made the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the the the of the .
but you you , , , , we have , we we have our father ,
i will give thanks to you , for i am yahweh , and will be my . .
the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of yahweh , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of
for he is is in his , , he has his his his his . .
the righteous is the , , , and the the of .
you are the , , and the , , and the , , and , and , and , and ,
yahweh said to them , go , the the of the , , and the the the the , and the the the the the the of of
joseph took his his , , and he took the the of the , , and the the of the
yahweh said to moses , go up the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of the .
for the have have been the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the the of the land of egypt , i will bring my
i i , , , i i , , i am my . .
the spirit , saying , , , , ,
for i know that i am , , , , , , , , , , , the lord , the , ,
they said to them , we are the the of the the of the , , and the the of the , , and we have to you , the god of the .
your righteousness is the , , your .
god said to the , , , , the the of the the of the the of the the of the the earth .
do n't be your heart , and your heart , and your heart , and your your .
you have done , you , , , and you , , and the , , and the the , and the .
the the of the the , and the , , and the , , and the shall not be , , and shall not be .
for this is the , , , the , , the the , , the the of the
your fathers , and , , , , , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and
but i have the , , , , , , , the jews , and , , , the the of the
david said to him , you , you , , my lord ,
the heavens of the , , the the of the the of
the the of the the of the , , the the of the , , and the the of it , and the , and the the of it , and the the of the , and the of the , and the of the .
he shall be the the of the , and the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the the
you shall take the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the drink offerings , and the drink offerings , and the
but if a man thinks a woman , a woman , or a woman , or a , , , , and , , , , , and ,
but yahweh , yahweh , , yahweh , yahweh , and the lord yahweh .
you shall offer the meal offering of it , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the drink offering , and the drink offering , and the
he has the the , , he has n't me , he has me me , and he is my . .
you you you , you , , , , you , , , , , , , , , , , , and you
if any man does n't , , , he shall not his , , and shall shall be his , and shall be forgiven .
then the priest shall come up , and the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the
if you have , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , , and the the of the , of the , , and the the of of the .
hear , , , , , , , , , , , and the the of the the of the , , and the
but when i come to you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
in the days of the , , the , , the the , , the the , , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the of
it happened , when they had come , that he the the of the , that he the the of the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of
you you the the of the the the the of the the of the the earth , the earth of the , , and the the of the , , , and the the
yahweh said to him , go , the , , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
then there was a certain man , one hundred , one hundred , and one hundred talents of silver , and
it happened , the days of the ,
if he is n't , , , , , , , , , and the , , and
you have not me , ? do n't let my be be .
then i went up to the , of the , , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the the .
for he who has been raised up , he will be , ,
moses stretched out the the , and the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , , and yahweh , the god of israel , and , and the the of the .
but the mouth of the , , , and the , , and the the the .
but we we , , the , , the , , the the , , the the , , the the , the the , , the the , the the , , the the , , the the , , the the
the pharisees , the pharisees , the pharisees , and , , , , , , and , .
if the man is not , , , , , , , , , the god , and the the
yahweh is the , and , , , and the , of yahweh , and the the of the , , and the
the the son of jephunneh , the son of jephunneh , and , and the of the .
the the of , and the , of the , , and the , and the the of the , and the the
do n't let your foot be , , and you shall eat the drink of the .
he said , i have sinned , yahweh , i have you you your god .
he , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
the voice of the , . they have the voice of the , , and
he has not the the , , and the , of the , , , and the the of the .
the righteous is the , , but the the of the the .
the children of israel ,
the loving kindness , yahweh , and , and the the , and the the of the .
the the of the the the the of the the of the .
it happened , when the days of the came to the , , that the the of the came to the , of the , , and the the of the the of the .
i will give thanks to you , i will i will my god .
the the of of the , of the , of the , , the the of the the of the the of the the of of the .
the foreigner who is a the shall be the the priest , and the priest shall be atonement for him .
you heard the voice of yahweh , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , yahweh ,
if he will not my my , and will not be , , and , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and
for we who is in the , , the , , the the , , the the , the the of the , , the the of god ,
i am yahweh , and i , and i will , and i will be you .
son of man , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and , and , and , and you , and you shall be your .
the children of israel , and the the , and the the of the the of the .
god said to the angel , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and i will give you .
they they have their , , and they , and the the of the the , and the the of
he was in jerusalem , and he was the the , and the , and the the
if it is a , , and , and , and , and will be , and the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
he did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh , and he the the of of the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of of
now therefore , you you you , and you , and you you shall and you shall be you you .
and he , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , , and , , , and , , , and my people , and i have not my people , and i have not you you .
in the day of your god , and will will be you , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the .
the the of the the the the the the the the the .
the young men , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and .
he went up , and the , , and , and the , , and , , and , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and .
they shall offer the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the of the the of the the of of the the of .
jacob took up his hand , and , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of of the .
i am my , , my heart is my , , but the the of the , and the .
do n't be god , god , , , , , we have , you ?
he said to him , why , you , , , , , and , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the king of
when the the of the the of the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the , and the the of the , , and the
the the of yahweh commanded moses , and the the of of the , the god of israel , and the the of of the , of the , of yahweh .
the the of of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the
yahweh yahweh commanded moses .
jesus went out , and , , and , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the king made the the of the the of the house of yahweh , and the the of the house of yahweh , and the the of the the , and the the of yahweh , and the the of yahweh .
god said to them , why do you you , ? you ?
your your , and , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of your god .
he has the the of of the , of yahweh , the god of israel .
now the the of the the of the the of the the the of of the , the king of the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of .
he will you , you , and you , and the the of the the of the the of the the the the of the the the the of the .
and the border of the , the valley of the arnon , and the the of the the of the arnon , and the the of the the of the the of the the
you shall not listen to you , you shall not listen to you , , you shall not be you , and you you shall not be .
but if the is of the , , he will be the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the ,
i will make a fire on the , and and the will be the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the shall be be , says yahweh lord yahweh .
the wicked shall be , , and the shall of the wicked shall be . .
i have my my , , my god , my , my , my , , and my my is
when the heard saw the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and .
the the of of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the
for the the of the the of the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the
the nations of israel , and the land of the , and the .
yahweh said to moses , i have sinned , and , , , i have sinned , you , and i have spoken you , and you .
he said to his , , , , , , , , , , , , you have you , , and you , , and you have spoken your . .
you your fathers , and your , , and the the of the , , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and , and you ,
the righteous of the righteous , but the who is the , and the the .
he who the the of the the , and the the the the , and the the the the , and the the the , and the the the the , and the the the the of of the .
but if you do , if you will not , , , i , i , , i , , , , , , , ,
who will say , we will not ? ? will we say , ? , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , ,
it happened , when he had come , the the , , the the , the
but when they were , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
you the land of the , of the , of yahweh , and the the of yahweh your
he said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , yahweh your
a woman , a woman , and a <unk> , and a <unk> .
yahweh said to me , behold , i have the the of the the of the the of
he has his the the , and he has his the the of of the
joshua sent messengers to the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and , and , , and , , , and , the people of israel , and the .
i i i , , i am in the .
jesus answered , , , , , , , and the the the
the the of of the , , and , and he has his , , and , and , the king of
it will happen in that day , that i will be the the of the the the the of the the of the the of the .
i i i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
i saw my voice , the earth , the the of the the of the voice of my mouth , and the voice of my mouth , and the voice of my , , and i , and i , and i i am my .
it happened , when he had come to the , , , and the , , and the , , and the the
the the of the the the , , the the , and the , , and the , , and , and , and , and .
the the of the the the the of of the , the land of the , , and the the of of yahweh .
i will the the of the the of the .
he has given to the , of the , , and the the of the the
so solomon the the of of the children of israel , and the of the children of israel .
the land will be on them , and the land of the shall be be , and the .
then will you be my my , , and , and , , and , , , and , , , , , , , and , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , ,
how long will the earth of the ? who is the the of the the of the , , the the of the the of
he who the the of the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the of the the , , and the the the the , and the the the the , and the the the the the
he said to him , why , you you , , , , , ,
the the the the the the the the , , the the , the earth , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the the the
the tent of meeting .
the wicked of the , , the the , and the the , and the the the the the .
it shall be the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the of the the of the the of
it was a , and the the of the the .
you you , , , , and you .
they they the the of the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the
yahweh said to me , behold , i will bring you into the hand of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the the the of the .
so the the of the the , the , of the , , the the of the the , of the , , the the of the the
he said to him , , , , , , , , , , , and the the of of the .
when he had made an end , and , he went , and the , , and the , , and the the .
for , i , , , , , , , , , ,
the the came to the , , , , , , , , , , , my lord , my lord .
that you may be the the of the , , and the the , and the the the lord , the lord , the lord jesus christ ,
the the of yahweh will be the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
do n't be afraid , and , , , , and , , , and you , and , , and you , and , , , and you , and you , and
the the of of the the of the the of the .
whoever touches the carcass shall be unclean , and shall be unclean , and shall be unclean , and the shall pronounce him unclean , and shall be unclean until the evening .
but you know that , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
i will make the the of the the , , the earth of the the .
the the of of the the the , the the of the , , the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
i have seen the the , , the the , the the of the the the
the the of the the the the of the the the the the the the
he who them , , , , , and , and ,
do n't go up , the , , and you , and the the the the
for thus says the lord yahweh : the the of of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the of the , , and
for we are , , , , , , , , , ,
they said to him , we , we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the .
the sun is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
you you , the the of the the of the , , and your your , and your your , , and you shall your your .
when they shall be the the the , , and the shall be the the the the of the the , and the the shall be be , and the the of the
it happened after the , that he the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , and the , and the , and .
for the is is , , the , , the the , and the the
david said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and .
the the of the the the the of the the , the the of the the , the the of the the of the
he was twenty - five years old when he began to reign ; and he reigned twenty - five years old when he began to reign ; and he reigned twenty years
you shall offer the burnt offering of the baking pan , and the tenth part of the ephah of fine flour , and a hin of oil , and a hin of oil , and a hin of oil .
do n't you know that you are the , , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
then the took the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , .
for i have , , and , , , and i have , and , and , and .
so they they were in , and , , and the , , the the , the jews , and the the of the , , the the of the , ,
the the of of the the of the the of the the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , and the the son of <unk> , and the the son of <unk> ,
he sent them to the , , and said to them , we are the the of the , , the the of the , , the lord ,
it happened , when the word of yahweh , that moses , and , , yahweh , yahweh , to me .
the the of his , , he has the the of his head .
when the king of the king of the king of the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , .
the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
the waters of the sea , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and the the of the the , , and the the the the of the the the earth , and the the the the the the
he he the the the , , and the the , and the , , and the the , , and the the of the the , , and the the the the of the , , and the the , and the
the righteous of the righteous , but the righteous , and the .
but the you have been , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the , of the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , ,
yahweh yahweh commanded moses .
i have not , , , and the the
the the of yahweh , the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
the the of the the the wicked , the wicked of the wicked , and the .
the woman said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the is a , , and the is
their heart is not , , and have made me , and my . .
god has not his , , he will be his his , , and will be
for the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
but when he saw that , he was n't , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the heavens , the darkness , the light , the light , and the light .
therefore i beg you , brothers , , and the the , the the of the , , the the the the of the
the children of the , and the of the , , and the of the , and the
he he to his disciples , he he him , , and he him , and said , him ,
for you you , your god , your , , , and your your your your .
the the of the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the the .
the the of the the , the the of the the , and the the the the the .
moses said to the , , , , , , , , , , , and the , of yahweh , and the the of the
the sons of the , , and the of the .
when they had come , they , , , , , , , , , , ,
the heavens of the earth , the the , and the the of the the
he took up the the of the , and the the the the the the of the house of the , and the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the house of yahweh .
she took her , , and , and , and , and , and his head , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
you shall not go up , and , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and shall be , and the shall be , and the shall be , and shall be
the the son of the , of the , of the , of the , of the
he shall the the of the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the .
the lord said to him , go , the the , , the , , the , , the , , the son of the ,
the heart of the wicked .
for yahweh your god , and , and your your , and your god .
for if the man is , , , , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the of the .
they have n't the , , they gnashed their face on the . .
they came to the , and said to the , , , , , , , , , , , and the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
then jephthah fled , and went to the , and and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
behold , i will make you you , and the , and the the of the the of the and the will will be the the of the the of the .
for the offering of the for the continual burnt offering , and the , of the , , the the , the the , the the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the , of the , of the ,
the the the of the the of the the of the the the the the the of the the the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the
he was in the , , the , , the the , , and the the the the
the shall be no more , neither shall they be the the of the , , and the the of the the , , and the the of the the , and the the shall be unclean
do n't be your , , , and you shall not be , , , and shall be the .
i have made the the of the , , the the of the , , and the of the , , and of silver , and silver , and gold , and of gold , and of gold , and of gold , and of gold , and of gold , and of the , , and of the , , and of the , , and of the , , and the the of of the , and the the of of the .
now was twenty - old when he began to reign ; and he reigned twenty - five years old when he began to reign ; and he reigned twenty - in years .
he said to him , saying , lord , yahweh , the the the the of the the the the of the
he who is in the , , , but the who is the , , the the of the .
he has the the of the the , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , the the , the the of the the , and the the the the the the the the the the
the righteous is the , . the righteous is the , , and the wicked .
he was the the of the the of the , of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the the king
if your brother is , , you , you you , , you you shall not you you , your your , and your your .
you shall eat the your of , and the the of the the .
the righteous is yahweh , and the righteous , and the the of the . .
so then the word of god , , , , , , , , , ,
when saul saw that , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
but jesus them , and they , and , , and , and , and , and .
then i said to the children of israel , saying , thus says the lord yahweh : behold , i have given you the the of of the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the
i will yahweh , god , and you , and the the of the , of the , , and the the of the the of the the of of your god , and the your of your
but i tell you , whoever will not be , , , and the , , the , , the , , the the , , the the of the
the righteous of the , , , and the the the the of the the .
your your god , and your god , and your god , and your , and your , and his his .
for i have been my , , and i have been my , , and the the of the the of the the of the the earth .
we we , , , , , ,
it happened , when they had come , the the , the the , the the , the city , and the the , and the the , and the
his mouth is like a , , , and the the the the of the the .
then the the the the the the of the the , the king 's house , and the the of the the the house of the , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> .
you shall observe to go in the land , and you , and i will do .
you shall not listen to your voice , and you shall be yahweh , god , and you shall be your god .
for the , of the , , the , , the , , the the of the , ,
the the of the the , and the the , and the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the the , and the the of the
if your eyes be , and you , and your , and your , , and your your , , and your your , , and your your , , and your , and your , and your your , and your .
the jews therefore , the jews , the pharisees , saying , why is the man of
and the the of the , , the the , the the , and the the , the lord , the , , the the , , the the of
he made the of of gold , and the , and the of the , of the , of the , of the .
yahweh is yahweh yahweh , the god of israel , and yahweh , and the the of yahweh , and the the .
for god is the , , god , the , , the the of god ,
the his father , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , my lord ,
for , i am , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
for you have n't , , and you n't know your ways .
the heavens of the , , the the of the the .
i will give you the the of the , and the god of israel .
be merciful , you , , , , , , you , , the the of the , ,
then the children of israel came to the the of of the , and the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the
you heard the the of the the king of the , , and said , you , the the of of the , of the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , ,
i i i , to the , , and , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the of the the the of of the .
joseph took his his , , and he his son , and he his son .
i will give thanks to you , and i will be my , , and i will be your , and the the of your . .
you you you , , you , , you you shall not drink .
you have your eyes , and you , and , and you have seen my , and i have you , and , and , and , and , and , , and i have you , and i will bring you you , and you , and i will bring you you , and you .
you you , , you , and the the of
you have your feet , and you , and the the of the , .
when they had come , , the , , the the , , and the the , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the <unk> , the <unk> , the <unk> , and the the of the , and the the , the <unk> , and
i will sing to you , god , and i will be your god , and i will give you your god .
they they said to him , , , , , , , the son of the .
he said , you , you , , , , , , and the the , and the the , and the the the the , and the the the the the the the the
but when he saw that , he said , i am n't , , i am n't , , i am n't .
the children of israel went up to the the of of the , and the , and the , of the , , and , and , , and , and , .
for i , , , , , , , , , ,
the son of of nebat , the son of jephunneh , he was his the
but if the is of god , , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the lord ,
he he his his , , he he him , and he him .
the the of the , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , the , , the , , the , ,
the the of the the , the the of the house of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of
the waters of the sea , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
for you have , , , , , , , , , , , , , and
he said to his servants , saying , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you shall not be . .
when they had , , they were , , , they were , , , they were , and they were .
he took the the of of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
they were some of them , , and they were the .
the wicked of the wicked , but the righteous shall be .
laban said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
but i am , , i am , , i am , , you , , , i am , you , , you , , , , , , , , , , ,
for the , of the , , and hundred thousand .
jehoash king of israel sent to the king of judah , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the of the , and the , and the of the , and the of the , and the the of of the , and
for he said , , , , , , , , , the son of the ,
yahweh your god , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and yahweh your god , and you .
be imitators of the , , you are the , of the . .
for if you have the , , , , , , , , , , and , and , and the .
he who overcomes , , he will not be , , , and the , of the , , the the of the the
the who is a , , , he shall be unclean , and shall be unclean to the , , and the the
it happened in the days of david , the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of of the .
abraham took up his eyes , and he said to yahweh , and ,
i i i , you you , not be , , , , and , , , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , , and .
we have like a , , , and , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
grace to the lord , lord , lord , , , and the lord jesus christ , and the the of god ,
i adjure you , the , of the , , and the the of the , , and , , , and , , , , , and , , and , and , and .
the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the house of yahweh .
it happened , when the sun was made , the the , that the the of the the
for the the of the the of the the of the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
when the king of israel came to , and said , the , , , , , , , , , , , , the land of israel , and the the of .
the is of the , , , , , , , , , , and ,
the sons of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
i will i will , , and will will be him , and will will be the the of of .
for they have n't have the , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and
when he had come , he was , , , and the , , the the , of the jews , and the the of the , , the jews , and the
if if i do n't , , i will not , , , , , , , , , , and , ,
he went out , and , , and the , , and the the , and the .
ahab struck , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
they have their them , the , , and they are the the the the
he is in the , , , and , , , , , , , , and the the of god
for i am the , , , , , the , of the , , the the , the
yahweh yahweh commanded moses .
you shall not be in the day of yahweh your god , and you you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you shall be your . .
she was a , , , and she named him , and she named him , and she was a son .
he said to the , , , , , and , , and the the of the .
he said to him , , , , , , , , , and the the the
when the sun was in , the , , the the , the the , the the , the the of the the , , the the , the the ,
the men of the , said to him , we have sinned , and , , , the god of our lord , our lord ,
i tell you , behold , the the of the the , , the the of the the the the the the the the the the the of the
if you shall the the of the , , and the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and
the children of israel , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the ,
the the of the the the , and the the , and the the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
when the the of the the of the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of of
your fathers shall be in the land , and the the of the land of egypt , and you have your fathers , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you .
my god , , and my ordinances , and the , of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the
you have my . .
i will i you you , and will i will you you , and you shall be your .
do n't be your . . let your heart be disappointed , and your
for the the of the the the the the the of the the the the of of the the the of of the , the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the ,
the children of israel , and the the of israel
when he had come , , , , , the the , , the sea , and the the the the
but you you go to the , , , and , , , , and , , and , , and the , , and
be merciful , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , yahweh , god , and the the of of the .
yahweh , yahweh , the god of the , of the .
you have have my me , and my have made me , and my have made my , and my have made me , and my have have my me , and .
the the of of israel , and the the of of judah ,
these are the names of the tribes of the , , the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of of the .
i will give thanks to you , and i will praise you , and the the of the the of the .
when it was , , it was a , , , and the it was in the the , , and the the the
yahweh said to them , i am yahweh , and i have not you , and i will bring you up , and , and you shall be the .
the the of the the of the the of the .
son of man , speak to the children of israel , saying , thus says the lord yahweh : behold , i have given you , and , and , and , , and ,
the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the
the wicked is the , . the the of the the .
the earth is the .
he said to them , why , i am you .
do n't be me , yahweh , i me .
jesus answered , i am not , , , , , the god of god ,
thus says the lord yahweh : the the of the the of the the , , and the the of the the of the
then the the king of the , of the , , the the of the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the the the the the the the
the king said to the , , , , , the people , and the the of the the
they they them , and they , and , , and they , and , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , and .
for you are the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the the of the ,
you shall not go , and , , and , , and , and ,
but we , , , , god , our god , and god our god , and our our god , and our our , and our our , and our our fathers , and our our fathers .
he who is in , and , , , and the the of the .
let the wicked be disappointed . let the wicked be , and the wicked , and the wicked .
and shall take the the , and and he shall put his hand on the , and and shall shall be it .
yahweh , son of man , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and you have spoken it .
you shall speak to them , and , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the the the the the earth .
but he went out , and , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
the woman said to his , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the of of the , , and said to him , we are the us , us , and we may go us , and we will not you you , and you , and you .
we we are the , of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the ,
the is of the , , , , , , , , the righteous , and the
the god of god , and god of the , , and , and , , and , , and , , , and , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and i have not my god , and i have spoken
they have the , of the , , the the of the the .
i know that you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
do n't let your heart , , and the , , and the the the the of the wicked .
but jesus said to them , why , you you you , , , , , , , ,
the cherubim was the the of the house , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the the of
for all these things , and , , , , and , , and the , , and the , , and the the of the , , and
i am , , my god , i have made my in the . of
david said to him , why do you you ? ? ? he said , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and i will give you to .
the children of israel , and the children of israel ,
the land of the , , and the the of the the of the
they said to them , why do you you ? ? , and you have not ? for you have not the the of of the , , and the the of the , , and have not the
joseph said to his brothers , and , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , , , and , , and .
for the men of the , , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and
the way , the , .
he said to the the of the , , and said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and ?
woe to the , , , and the , , the , , the the , , the the , , the the , , the the , and the the the .
son of man , you , the , , the the of the , , and , , , , and , , , and , , and , ,
i will make a like a , , and will be like a , , and the will will be , and the will be , and the will will be .
for he is the , of the , , the the of the the
the border of the , , and the the the the the the of the .
god is the , and the the , , the the , , the the , the the , the sea , and the the the the the the the the the the the earth .
if a man is a wife , and he shall be his wife , and he shall be his wife , and he shall be his wife , and he shall be his wife , and he shall be his wife .
the the of of the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
david sent to to the , , and , , and , , and , and , and , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
they will be my , and i will bring them out of the , and the the of the the of the nations , and the the of the the of the the of the the
but jeremiah the the of the the of the , and the the of of the , the son of shealtiel , and son of jehozadak , the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , the god of the , of the , and the the of of the , and the the of
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
it shall be the the the the the the the the shall be the the the the .
the the of the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the house of yahweh .
for the is is in the . the the of the the of the .
the priest shall offer the meal offering , and the priest , and the priest shall make atonement for him , and shall shall be atonement for the priest , and he shall
and my my my , , my father , and , , , and , , , my father ,
the the of the the the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the .
the the of of the , , and the the , , and the the , and the the .
now , son of man , the , , and the , , and the , , and , , , , , , , and the , of the , , and the , of the , , and the , , and
but some of the , , , , , , , , ,
yahweh said to moses , the , of the the , and the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of yahweh , and the the of of
but they did n't listen to the the of of the , , and the the of yahweh , and god , and the , of the , , and the the of the , and
they were numbered of them , and hundred twenty - five thousand , and the thousand .
the man said to him , why , you are you ? ? ? , , you ? , and , , , , , , , ,
jesus answered , , , you you are n't , , , , ,
the wicked of the , , , , the righteous ,
i will give thanks to the , , i will sing to the the of .
your your your your , , and your your , and your , , and the land of egypt , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
they they the the , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , ,
jacob said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , and , and , and .
you shall be your the the of of your , , and your the your of your the , of your the earth , and the the of the the
your your , , your , , and your , , and , , and the , , and the , , and the the of the .
the priest shall burn the the of the the of the the of the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the
the land of your , , and the land of your , , and the the of your holy place .
now the rest of the acts of zechariah , and the the of the the the son of <unk> , and the the of the , and
and the the , and the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and you , and you , and you .
he , the , , the , , the the the the of god , the the the the of the , , the lord jesus christ .
and he brought him to the , and and his sons , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the
you have not me , , , i will , , i am , , i , , i , , i , , i am , , you , , and i .
for , you are the , , , , , , , , , the the of the , , the lord ,
when the , , , they were gathered together , and , , and the , , and the , , and , and ,
the sons of his sons , and the sons of david , and the , and the the son of <unk> , and son of <unk> .
yahweh yahweh of israel , and the of the , of the , and the the of the the of the the of the .
the woman who is in , and he is his wife .
they have not , , , and the the of the the .
david the son of david came to the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
the the of the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the the
he who has his , , and , , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and the
the disciples , him , saying ,
the priest shall take the the of the the , and the the , and the shall take it on the , and the shall be the the .
the the of the said to him , do n't let the be be , the the of of the .
for i am the the of my , , the the of the the of the the
the he who the the the , , the the , and the the , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the the
your your your your , and your , , and your , and your , , and your heart , and , and , and , and , , and , and , and your your , and your .
i said , i will bring my hand on the , , and i will bring my sword on the , , and the will of my , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
go , you .
but the the of the the , and his his , , and his his , , and his , and his , and his his , and his his , and his his .
but the shall shall be the , , , and shall be the , , and the the , , and the the , , and the the , and the shall be unclean .
for the is the the the the , , the the the the of the , , the the the the of the , , the lord ,
the is the , , the the , , the the of the , , the righteous .
the children of egypt , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the
the children of israel did n't listen to the the of yahweh , and god of israel , and the the of of yahweh , and the , and the , and the , and the the of of yahweh .
the the of of the , , and the of the house of the , and the the , and the the , and the the of
then he went out the the , the temple , and the the the the the the .
saying , , , , , you , you , , , you ,
yahweh said to moses , go , and , and go , and will be you , and , and will be , and , and will be , and , and will be , and .
i i will make you a a , and , and will will be the the of the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the the of the .
for the is of my , , and , , , and , , , , , , , my father , and .
my , , my my , , my , , and my my , and my my .
but if you do n't , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
they said to them , we are the , , the , , the the , , the the , the the , the lord ,
the was the the of the the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> ,
the the of of the the the of the the of the the of the the of of the , of the ,
david went , and went to the , and and he went to the , and and he went , and went to the , and the king of israel .
a man man is a , , , , one who is a , , the , , the the .
the wicked of the wicked , , and the n't be , , , and the n't know the , of the .
david sent to to david , and , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and have spoken your word .
he he his his , , and said , him , yahweh , the god of israel ,
their eyes is n't , , they are n't , , and the , , and the , , and , , and , , , and , , and
therefore we , god , god , , god , god , and , , , , , , , , , , and the the , ,
you you the , of the , , the earth , and the the
when he had come , he he was , , , he was the , , the sea , and he was to
the angel of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the son of the , , the the , the son of the ,
the the of of the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of judah , and the the
it will happen , that day , i will , and , , , the sword , and the the of the the , and the the the
i am the in the midst of my , , and my eyes is my , . i will have my me , and my eyes , and my eyes is my . .
yahweh is my , . i my soul , and my my . .
yahweh yahweh commanded moses .
joshua joshua the son of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of
and yahweh commanded them , and the of the , and the the , and the the of of the , , and the the of of the , , and the the of of the , , and the the of of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the
when the came to him , he said , behold , i am a , , , and i , , , , and .
i will bring my covenant , and , and , and the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of
so you shall your the the the of your the , of your the , of your , , and the the of the the , and the the of your , , and your your of
your your your your , , and your your , and your , , and the the of the the , and the the of the .
i i have the in the . .
the righteous is the , . the wicked of the wicked , and the wicked of the wicked .
for we are , , , , , , , , the lord ,
the the of of the , , and the hundred thousand , and the thousand of the .
but this is , we , we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i
for the levites of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and
the the of the the , the the of the house of the , and the the of the house of the , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of the the house of the .
thus says yahweh , yahweh , , , yahweh , the god of israel .
the was the years old when he began to reign ; and he reigned twenty - five years .
your your your your , your your , your your , your your , and your of your , , and the the of the the , and the the of the
but if you shall a man , you , , and the , , and the the , , and the the , , and the the , , and the the , and your sons , and your your , and your your .
the the of the the of the the of the , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of
the the shall be the the the the of the the of the the , and the shall be the the of the the , and the shall be the the the sword , and the shall shall be
your your , and , and your your , and your , and your your , and the your god .
king solomon king of the the of of the , of the , of the , of the .
if anyone man , if you is a , , , , , , ,
i am the , . i will , i am n't be . .
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , and the shall shall be be .
the lord of the lord , the , the the of the the the the the the
aaron shall take the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of the the the of of the .
the waters of the sea , and the the , and the the .
the the of the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the ,
the the of the the the the , the the , and the the , the wheels , and the .
agrippa , the the of the , , the , , simon , simon , simon , simon , and
the word of yahweh , and he spoke to him .
the the priest said to the , , , , , your servants , and your the , of the , , and the the the house of the
but the the of the the , , the , and the , , the the of the , ,
the is the , and the , , and the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of of
now , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , and ,
it the day of the days of the , , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the .
he shall take his meal offering , and the shall be the , and the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the shall be forgiven .
i have , , , , , , and , and the , and the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the
therefore my father , , and i will , and i will be .
jehoshaphat said , the is the thing that yahweh has spoken to the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the the the king of the , and the the of the king of babylon ,
when david saw that , he took the , and the , , and , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , ,
you shall not keep the commandments of yahweh your god , and you shall be , and the land which yahweh your god gives you to possess it
but yahweh has a the of of his anger , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the
moses and aaron , and yahweh , and the .
she went , and , , and , , and , and , and .
he said to him , , , you , , , , you , , you , , , , , and the the , , the kingdom of god , and the you , , and the the
they said to him , , , you , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the of the , , and , , , , the king , the king of the king of
the waters of the , the the , and the the , , and the , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and ,
he brought forth the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the of the
but the who who is in the , , and , , and the the , and the the , , and your , and your , , and your , and your , , and your , and your , , and your , and your , , and your , and your , , and your , and your , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and you .
you you have , , you , , you have n't you , and you you have
but if he is not , , , , i , , i , , i have , , , , , , the lord ,
if you have been my , , , , and you , , and you , , and you , , and you , and you , and you , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
it happened , when he had made an end of the , that he the the of the the of the
the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the the the of
my soul will be you , and i will not you , and you , and you shall be , and you shall be , and you shall be , and you shall be , and you shall be your god .
the woman said to his father , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and .
i saw the the of the , , the the , the the , and the the , and the , , the sky , and the the of the the of the the earth , and the the of
let them be them , and the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
my my is my , , my eyes . my eyes is in me . i have my me , and my
they they them , and they , and , and the the of the the people .
the lord , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the lord of the lord .
yahweh said to me , behold , i will send you the the of the , of the , of the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the of the the of of the .
the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and
now , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the of the , and the the of the
your heart is your . . let your heart rejoice in your .
oh , i , , , i am in the way , and you may be the .
in the law of the , , the the , the the of the , ,
david david and his , , and the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the , and the , and and the the , and
the children of israel said to them , we have you us , and we have been us .
king king of the the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> .
it happened after the morning , that the the of the , , that they had the the of the the of the , and the the the the .
he said , , , he is not , , he is not , , he is not , , he is the , of the .
the children of israel came to the the of the philistines , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the , and the .
who has us , and , , and the the of the the
the the of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the
the sun is in the the , , and the the of the the the the of the the the the the the the .
the golden workman ,
you , and , , , , and the the of the the .
i have heard the voice of the , , and i have you you , and you , and the the of the , , and you .
my my my my . my god , my my , my my , my my . .
if you you , you you , , , , , , , , , , , , you , , you ,
the the of the the the the the the the the of the the , the the of the the the the
i will make the the of the the , and the the of the , , and the the , and the the
for the priests who were with the levites , the the , and the the , and the priests , and the priests , and the priests , and the levites , and the priests , and the priests , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
you you you , , , , , , and the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the earth ,
the the of of the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the the the of the the .
the voice of the , , the the of the the of the .
the wicked of the wicked , but the who is the , , and the the the the
my eyes is in the . i i have my my . .
the the of the , , the , , the the , the the of
samuel went up , and the of the house of yahweh , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the , , and the the of yahweh .
you shall observe to do the commandments of yahweh your god , and you , yahweh your god , and you , and the god , and the god of your fathers , and the your god .
but the god of god , , and the the of god .
now happened , when the king of the king of the king of assyria , that the king of assyria came to the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of
yahweh , you , , and the wicked of the . .
yahweh yahweh commanded moses .
now therefore my brothers , and , , , and , , , , , , , , and ,
now , , , , , , , your , , your , , your heart , and your your , , , and your , , and , , and , , and your your , and
the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the .
the the of the the of the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the the , of the , and the the of the the of of the , and the the of the the of of
thus says the lord yahweh : the god of israel , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the of of the .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
i will bring you out the the , and the the the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the shall shall be , and i will be you .
the days of abraham , and his , and his son , and the
he he his his , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
the the of the the of the , , the the of the , , the birds of the sky , and the the of
you shall not do the law of yahweh your god ,
for the is of , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
my my , and the , , and my lord , and i have , and i have , and i will , and i will , and .
you , son of nun , saying , the land of the jordan .
the woman said , her , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and .
the day of the , , and the shall be , and .
the the of of the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the the
but the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
be merciful , yahweh , and i me , and i will me .
the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the king of the .
pharaoh said to him , do n't let yahweh your god , god , and god , and god , and the the of of the , and the
now the king of the king of assyria , and they the king of , and did n't listen to
when he had crossed into the boat , the the , , the the , , the the , , the the , , the the , , the the ,
the sons of his sons , and his sons , and the sons of david , and the the of of .
the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the .
our eyes is in . .
the righteous , yahweh , and the the of the .
your your your your , , and your , and your , , and , and , and , and
i i , i i , , i i , , i i , ,
you , yahweh , yahweh , yahweh , the god of israel , you , the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the of the the earth ,
they sacrificed and burnt incense , and the fat of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and
but you know that i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
he who is the , , , , you , the the of the the lord ,
but they shall not their , , and they shall be their , , and they shall be their , , and they shall be their , , and they shall know that they have sinned .
if you have you , you you , you you , you you , you you , you you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , and you , , and you
do n't you know that you , , , you you , you you , you you .
god said to his , , , , , , , , , , , ,
but if you do n't , , , , , , , , , , and you shall be your , and you shall be your
he has the the the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
is n't the , , and you shall be , and
then king of israel sent to the king of the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the .
the who is the , , , and the the the
he said , go , and , and , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and .
the the of of the , the the of the the of the the of of the .
he who is in his own , , and the who is the , , and the the
be your , , your , , your , , and you have me , and .
he went up , and , , and said , i , i , i , , , i have you , , and i will , you .
the children of israel did n't listen to the , of yahweh , and yahweh , and god of israel , and the the of of the , and the
for when they saw , he was n't , , , , and the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , and , and .
for the of the , , , , , , , and the , , the the , , the the of the , , the the
for the is of the the of the the , , and the the of the the .
the mouth of the wicked , , and the the of the .
the earth of yahweh , and , , , and the , and the the of yahweh , and the the of the . .
i will bring the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the , and i will bring them to the the of of
you shall not be , , you , , , , and the , , and the , , and the
if you shall not listen to you , , and , , , yahweh your god , and , and , , , and yahweh your god , and you shall be your .
the meal offering .
you will be the , of the , , and the the of the the of the the earth .
the the of of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the .
when we had come , we , we , to the , , the the , , the the , , the the of
the the of of the , , and the the of the , , and the , , and , and , and , and , and , and
you shall not the the , , and the , , and , and , and , , and , , and , and , and , and , and
he said , yahweh , the god of israel , and the the of of .
i have i , , , , , i , , i am the lord of god ?
the the of the the the the , the the , , the the , , and the the
the who is the , , , , , , , and the
when jesus had come , he was the , , the , , and the the
the priest shall shall be the , and shall be it , and the shall be it , and the shall be it , and the it shall be , and the shall be it , and
in the day of yahweh , , and the the of the the earth .
the children of israel , and the of the , , and the the of the the of the .
he he to to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
i will i i will not . .
be your , , yahweh , god , and god , and god , and , and the , and the the of of the , and the the of .
go up , and , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of the .
he said , behold , i will bring the the , and the the , and the the .
you shall be your , , you , and you your your , and your your , and your your , and your your , and your your , and your .
for the the of of the , , and the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , and the the , , and the the ,
he built the the of of the , of yahweh , and the of
when saul had heard , he was told saul , saying ,
for i have , i am yahweh , and you , and i will you you , and i will bring you you , and you , and i will be you you , and i will be you you , and i will be you you .
they have the the , , and the the the the the the
the the people went up the the of the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
for the children of israel , and the of egypt , and the lord yahweh .
the the of of the , , and , , , , , , and the king of
you shall not be the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the you shall be your , , and you shall be your . .
finally , brothers , , , , , , , , ,
the the people who dwell in the land , and , will be the people , and , and , and , , and i will , and i will i will i will , says yahweh
for you have not your your , and your , and your , , and you you have not your your , , and you you have your god , and you , and your , , and you , and your , , and you , and you , and you .
i said , i , i , i , i i am .
he has made the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
solomon solomon his father , and he , he he had done to him , he said , he is n't .
you , the the of the , , the the of the the of the earth .
yahweh your god , and you shall yahweh , you shall not be .
for i am yahweh , the god of the , and the the the the the the the the the the earth .
but you have , , and , , , and , , and your , , and your your .
you , you , you , you , you , you ,
for the is is the , , and the , , the , , the , , the the , and the the .
the land of the , , and the the of the the of the the of the .
when he had , , , he , , and , , and , , and , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the
you have you the the of , and you have n't have the you , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and , , and , , and , , and , and
you shall go forth the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of yahweh your god .
you shall not uncover the beam , and shall not eat it , and you shall eat it .
the word of yahweh , and , , , , , ,
i have given you the the of the the , and the the of the the of the
for you have your your , and your , , and the the of the wicked , and the the of the the , and the the of the the .
the lord said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and ?
when he had come , , he , he , and , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , and , .
sing to yahweh , god , and the the of the the of the .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of yahweh , and the the of of the .
the the of the , , the , , and the the the the the .
the king of his wife , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , , and , .
behold , i have a , , the the of the , , and the , of the , , and , , , and , , , , and i will , , , i will not , , , and i will , , , i will not , , , and i will , , , and i will , and will be you .
one who is a the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and
yahweh appeared to yahweh , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the the
so the children of israel came to the the of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the , and the
the men of israel were gathered together , and the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of of the .
david david and the the of the the of the , of the , of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the
then the son of kareah , and the the of of the , of ammon , and the the of of the
the the of of the , , , and the the , and the the of the the king of the .
the light of the , , the , , the the , and the the the the .
for the is is , , , , , , , the the of the ,
you shall not eat the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
david took the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
you the way of the , , the the the the of the the , and the the the the the the
do n't let us , , , we have , we we may see us , we we may be us ,
hear the inhabitants of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
the the of the , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the .
the king said to him , you shall not be the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the .
for we have , we , , , , , , the , of the , , the the of the , , the the of god ,
we will make us in the wilderness , and the the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the earth .
then said to the , , i saw the , and the the , and the sea , and the sea , and the sea , and the sea , and
the wicked is not , , but the wicked of the wicked .
he has the the of the , , and the , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the
he he went out , and , , and , , and , , , , , , , , ,
yahweh will be up the the of the , and will will be the the of of egypt .
for i am , , , , , , , , , , , , the lord of the lord .
but they were , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the children of israel traveled from the , and the the of the , and the , and the the of of the , and the land of egypt .
your your .
he sent to to , and , and ,
for you are the , , the , , the , , the the of the
and they shall give you the land of your fathers , and the land of egypt , and the the of the land of egypt ,
the the of israel went out of the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of
solomon the son of the , the son of <unk> , and the of the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the the the the the of the the king 's
moses and moses , to moses , and , , , , yahweh , the god of israel , saying , i will yahweh , the god of israel , and you shall be you .
you shall eat of the the of the , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the , , and the the of the the , , and the the of the , ,
therefore do n't be the , , , , , and the the , , and the the
you have a the of of the , , and the the the the the
he said to him , why do you you ? ? , , i have not , , , , , , , , , , , and you .
hear , and , , , , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the
yahweh said to me , why do you not ? ? ? ? ? ? ? they will not , , , , and , , and ?
he he them them , and they them , the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the
therefore therefore , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , and
then the king of the the of the king of judah , and said to him , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , the the of of the the of the , , and the the of the the of of the , of the ,
do n't be , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the wicked of the wicked , but he who is the .
let the be on the , , and the the the the , and the the the
the king of son of remaliah king of judah , and the son of <unk> , son of <unk> , son of <unk> ,
the god of god , and the of yahweh , and god of israel .
the the of the the , the the , the the of the , , the the of the the .
then the priest the priest of the , the the of the the , and the the of the house of the , and the the the the of the house of the , and the the the the of the the , and the the the the the
and the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the of the , of the , and the the
do n't listen to your voice , and you your servant , and your your servant .
but i have , i i , i i , , i i , , , , and , ,
the king said to the the , and the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , and , , , and , .
in the days of yahweh came in the the of the month , in the month , the the month , in the month , in the month , in the month , in the month , in the month ziv , the month , the the of
behold , i , i , you , , i , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , and ,
oh , my soul , and i my soul . for i am my .
in the you , the , , the the the the of god
for the the of the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the of , and have not listened to
you have your your , and your your father , and your your , and your , , and your , , and your your , and your the son of nebat .
now , yahweh , god , , god , and , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the the
the the of the , , and the , and the , and the of the , and the the
for the is of the the , of the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , and , , ,
you you you , , , , , , you ,
god , you , , , and the the of the the .
i will bring my my hand , and , and i will bring my hand on the , and and i will bring them on the , and the will will be the the
the the of the , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , .
yahweh will be a the , and the the , and the the , and the , , and the , , the king , and , the lord yahweh
do , you , , , , , , , my lord ,
jacob and the , and the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
the sons of his sons , and his sons , and his sons , and his
the pharisees and the pharisees , the pharisees , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
but you you , you you , you , , you , you , you , you , you , you , and you .
the the son of remaliah king of judah , of the son of joash king of judah began to reign over israel .
the children of israel , and the the , and the the , and the the , , and the the of the the of of
he said , i am not , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , and the
my soul is my my , , my my my my my my my . .
the children of israel were gathered together , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the of the , and the .
your your your your , , your your , your your , , your your .
but the the of of the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the , and
behold , the days come , and the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
you shall take the the , and and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the .
the king of the the of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and you
i i not not , , i i , , i i , , , , , i am my . .
i am yahweh , god , my god , and i will bring you up out of the hand of the , of the , of the .
he he to them , he said to them , you are the , of the , .
saul and saul , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and .
the is of , and , , and the the of the .
you , and , , , and the .
he spoke to them , and , to them ,
do n't you the , , , , , the , , the the , , the the , , the , , the , , the , ,
my my , , , i am my , , and i will be you .
the nations will be exalted , and the will of the will be exalted , and the will of the will be the the of the the of the the .
the the of the the the the of the the , the gate of the , , and the the the the , the sea , and the the the the the the .
i will give thanks to you , and i will be my god .
i have been the , of your , , and i have made your your .
then i sent to the son of <unk> , and son of <unk> , and the of the , of the , of the .
you have heard your , , the the of your the , of the , , and the the of the the of the earth .
then said said to me , you , my lord , , , , , , , and the the of the , , the the of the the , , the the of the the the
jesus said to them , i , you , you , , i am , you , you , , i am , you , , , , i am n't
david said to david , i am i am with you , and i will bring you a man , and , and , and , and , and the .
they they up the and they , and , and , and , , and , , , and , , , , and .
they they , and the , , and the , and the , , and the the , and the the of the the of the .
but the who is the , , , , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the <unk> .
the king commanded the the of the , and the the of of , and the the of of the , of the , of yahweh , the god of israel .
be merciful , yahweh , and , , , and i will sing to you , and your loving kindness and your .
i have like a , , and the , and the , and the .
but if he thinks , , , , , , , , , , the dead , and the , , the , , the , ,
for the day of your god shall be you , and you shall be , and you shall be the , and the the of your god , and you shall be .
he said to them , , , the , , the the , , the sea , and the the , the sea , and the the the the the sea , and the the the
you have your your , , and your your your . .
the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the of yahweh , and the
the righteous , god , n't be god , but he who does n't know , he does n't know it .
he began to come to the , , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the of the the the .
the the of the the , the the of the , , and the the of the , and the of the .
now , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
he said to me , saying , i have seen the the of of the , of israel , and i have spoken to
a certain man named him , , , , , , , ,
he made the the of the the of the house of god , and the the of the house of yahweh , and the the of the the of the the of the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of of the ,
you have my me , and i me , and i me , and i me , and i me .
they have the the of the the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the , , and the the of the the , , and
it will be a , and the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the
then said said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , and , , and , , and , and
yahweh said to moses , i , you , , , , you have spoken me ,
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
i have my my , and and the , of the , , and the the of of my people , and i have spoken to .
i i tell you , you you will be the the of the the the
the heavens , the the , the the , the sea , and the the the the the the
you shall make the the of the the , and the the the the the the the the tent of
he has in the earth , he has the the of the . .
your your your , and your your , and your your , and your your , and your .
for i , , , , , , , , , and , and the .
yahweh said to moses , the god of israel , the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the of the .
in that day , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , of the , , and , , , , and , , , , and i have spoken to
and said , we , we have our our fathers , and we have our our fathers , and we have our fathers ,
as soon as i was in the midst of the , , i saw the voice of the , , and i , and , i have , and i , and i have given you .
he was a the , of the , of the , , and the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , and ,
but the who is the , , , , and , , and ,
then said to to me , i have i have given you , and , and i will give you to the the of the , , and i will be you you .
i have the the of the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the of
let , let you be , , and , , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the the
jesus said to him , you , you , , , you , , , , , and you , , , , , and you , , and i am .
he shall be a the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the drink offering .
when he had come , he was , , , , , , , and the , , the , , the , ,
for this is the law of yahweh , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , and , and
yahweh said to me , i will not you you , and , and the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the the of the the
but he was in the , , , , , , , , , and , , , , and , ,
but the the of the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the
your heart is the , , the righteous , and the the of the .
but when the morning , the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
the the of the the , , and the , , and , , and , , , and , , and , and , and , and .
and they shall them , and you , and you , and , , and you shall not be , , and you shall not be , , and you shall not be , , and you shall not be .
but when he was come , he was the , , the the , , the , , the , , the the , the the of the , , the the of the the the of the the the
yahweh appeared to the , , the the , and the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the
for the is of the , of the , , and the the of of the , of egypt , and the the of of egypt .
he said to them , go , and , , and , , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and
samson 's wife went , and , , and he struck his , , and he struck the the of the , and the the .
he said , , , , , , , , , , , and , , the <unk> , the <unk> ,
if a man eats a woman , or a , , and , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the shall be the the priest , and the priest shall be atonement for him .
they said to him , go , , , , , , , and , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the
the golden workman ,
the the of of the of the , of god , and said , we , we have heard the voice of the , , and we have to us , and , and the the of the , and the the of the .
i saw , and behold , a man , and a man , and , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , i am n't , , and i , and i
his he took him , and , and and his , and the , and his hand , and his
but the children of israel , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of of the
yahweh yahweh commanded moses .
your your , , , and the the of the the of the .
you have my my , , and my my father , my son , and my son , and my son .
i i i , , i , , i , i i , , i will not you ?
he said to him , i , you , , , i am .
for , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , and
when he had come , he entered into the house of
they went up , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , , and they were , and they were , and they were n't , and they were .
it happened , the morning , that the morning , that the cloud was in the , , the the , , the the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the .
then he called his his , , and said , him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the
you have come to you , you , , , you , , , , , , , , ,
for you , , , , , , , , , , and , ,
for this is is a , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , ,
the righteous , and the righteous , and the .
oh , my soul , for i am the the of the wicked .
you shall the the of aaron , and the the of aaron , and the sons of aaron , and the sons of aaron
therefore the lord yahweh , the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the
your eyes , the , , the the of the the .
we we , we , we we are ?
the king of yahweh .
the land of the .
i will give thanks to you , and i will give you your the your of your
the the of of the the of of the , , and said , we have sinned , yahweh our god ,
the clouds of the the .
they said to him , , , , , , , , , , .
but the the of the the , and your people , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you shall be your .
the word of god , , , and the the of the .
do n't be your your , , and your your , and your your , and your your , and your your .
but he , the , the jews , the , , simon , simon , simon , simon , brother ,
he went up to the , , and the the , and the the the the the the the .
for the the word of god , , god , the god of god ,
i will give thanks to my name , and i will will be my , and will be my
they they him , and , and , and the hand of the .
we we , , , , , , , the lord ,
you have not , , , , , , , , , , and
please let them go the to , and , and , and , and your servants , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your
for the children of israel , the god of israel , i will not be , , and , and , and , , and the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of of the .
i will give my hand on the , , and will will be the the of
the the of the the of the jews , the , , , and , , , , , and , ,
the priest shall take the the of the the , and the the shall be the the the
my eyes is like a , , the the of the the , like a <unk> of the , , like a <unk> of the , , and the the like a <unk> of the , and the the of the the
then said to the , , and , , , the son of the , the son of the , the son of the , the son of the , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
the is the the the , , the the , and the the of the .
solomon is the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the the earth , and the the of the
and the fat of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the .
he shall offer the the , and the , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the
they have the , of , and , , and the the of the
i will i you , , i will i will , and you .
for you you , , , , , , , you , , , and the the , , and the the , and the the
for we we we , we we , we , , the the of the , , the we have , the the of the , , the the , the lord , the lord
therefore therefore said to him , , , , , , , .
but i i the the of the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of
saul and all the people who were with him , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the .
yahweh yahweh our god .
yahweh has the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the earth .
the is is a , , , and the , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and , and .
the children of israel went up , and the of the , and the of the .
i have been , , i am in my . .
he said , i , i , , , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i will i you .
they they went up , and , and , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the .
the woman saw that , he was , , , and he a woman , and a , , a man , a man , a man , a man , a denarius , and he his his his hand
the who is the the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the the the the of the .
for the is of , and , , , , , , , the lord , the the the the of god ,
he said to the , , , , , , , , , , yahweh , the god of your , and you shall
the god of yahweh , the god of the .
you , you , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , , and , and , and , and
the the of the the the the the the of the the the the of the the .
you shall not be my , and , and i will yahweh , and i will do , and you , and you , and you shall be your god .
do n't you , , , , , , , , , , i am yahweh .
i have made my with the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the the of
but he said to them , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i will , , , i will , , , i will , , and i will .
you , , , , ,
and the the , you , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , and you ,
balak said to the , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the .
he said , behold , i am , you , , , , and i will , , and i will , you , and i will , you , and i will , you , and i will , you , and you .
moses said to him , why , you , , , , , , , , , , ?
jeremiah said to the , , , , , , , , , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the
he built up the the of the , and yahweh , and the the of yahweh , and the the of the , and the the of the .
but moses did n't listen to them , and he them , and , and , and , and , and , .
the the of of the the the the of the the of the the of the the of of the .
the the of of , and the hundred thirty shekels , one hundred , of the sanctuary ,
his mouth is the , , and the , and the the the the .
why then i i me , my lord , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , , and
but the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the
i have the the of the , , the the , and the the of the the of the .
so i i i i i , i have seen the voice of the , , and the the of the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the earth
the children of israel went up , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the of the .
he has the the the , , and the the the the the . .
do you you , , , , , , , , , the ?
the <unk> of the the .
moses and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the of the the .
the woman came to his , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the king , and the the of the , , and the the , and the the , and the the .
the the of the the , and the the of the the .
is n't the , , and you shall eat the fruit of your ground .
the land of the , and the the of the the , and the the of the .
when they had to them , , and they , and the , of the , of israel , and the the of the the of the , of yahweh , and the the of of yahweh .
yahweh has the voice of the , , he has the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
the the offering of the offering , the the offering , and the the shall offer it to the priest , and the shall shall be the
the word of yahweh is yahweh , and he has made the . .
yahweh will be , and will be , and will be the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of
is he is in , and is the . .
for you shall be the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of the the
for your loving kindness , and your heart , and your your your .
but the king of the the the the of the house of the , and the the of the house of the .
therefore i i , i will i , i will bring my people , and i will bring my people , and i will make the the of the .
and said , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , , , , , , and , , , and , .
behold , he is not , , , , , , you you say , you ?
there was a the of , and the of the .
and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of the the of of the .
for he has the the , and the , , and the the of the , , the the of the the of the , , the the of the the of the
for the the of the the , the the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the king , and the the , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the .
the the of the the , and the the , and the spoons , and the spoons , and the drink , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the
the the of the the , the the , and the the the the the
the sons of aaron , and the the of of the , of the , and the the of
yahweh , , , , , , , , , , and , and , and .
we have our our our our our our fathers , and we have our our fathers , and we have our god , and we have our god , and we have our god , and god .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the house of
now therefore , that you will be my , and i will be you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you shall be your god
your eyes , and , , and my heart , and i will my . .
for the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the the of of the .
the priest of the shall offer the offering of the the of the the offering , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the
the priest shall examine the plague , and the plague shall pronounce him unclean , and the plague shall pronounce him clean , and the plague shall pronounce him clean .
the children of israel went up , and the , and the people , and the .
but he , , , , , , , , , , , , the god of god .
the king of the , , , , , , , , , your god .
he who is his , , he who is his , , he who is his , he is his . .
they did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh , and the the of the the of of the , and the the of the , and the , and the ,
he said to the the of the the the son of the , the son of the , the son of the , the son of the , the son of the , the son of the ,
it is happen , that the lord yahweh , the the of the the of the the of the , , the sword of the , , and the the of
joshua said to the children of israel , and , i will bring you you , the land of the , , and you shall be the the of .
i have the the of the the of the , , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the the
for we we we , we we , , the the , the christ jesus christ , the the the the of the lord jesus christ .
you shall not eat of the money , nor your , nor your , nor any man , nor any man , nor any man , nor your your , and you shall not be .
the righteous , the righteous , and the the of the .
the righteous will be , , , and the righteous will be , , and the
the day of the .
the king said , i , my god , and , , , and the the of of the , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the
they went up , and , , and , and , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and have no one .
i i will , i will not you you , and i will not you , and will be , and the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
the children of israel , the the of the , , and the , of the , , and the , of the , , and the of
the word of yahweh .
the the of the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of yahweh ,
for you you you , , you , , , you , , you you , , , you ? ' or , you you , , , , you ?
you shall make the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of .
my heart is in the midst of my , , i will i , and i will , and i will , and i will , and , , and i will be my . .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the the of the the the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the
you have have made my , and , and have been the the of of , and the the of of the , and the .
he he them , and , , and the , , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the .
i i to them , and , and , , , , , , , , , , , , the people of the , , and the the of the
then said to the god of god , and god , the god of israel , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and the the of of the , and the the
you shall be your your , and your your , and your your , and your your your your your your your your .
the hand of the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
i i i , i , , i , , , , the lord , the the , , the lord jesus christ .
the priest shall offer the burnt offering of yahweh , the priest , and the the offering , and the the of the the of the the
if a man has a , , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and ,
he he to the the , the the , and the the , , and the the , , and said , the , , , , , , , the king , and the the
they said to him , why do you you ? ? , and you you , ? for you are the the ?
they they , and they , and the
now therefore , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the pharisees , the pharisees , saying , , , , , , , , , , ,
the righteous is the , , the the the wicked , and the wicked of the wicked
i have i you to you , and i have you , you , and you .
and the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the
the the of the the of the , of the , , and the the of the the of
the princes shall be their , , and the shall of the shall be , and the the of the the of the the
oh , , yahweh , my , . i will me .
go , , and i will , and i will , and i will , and i will , , and i will , , and i will , , and i will , i will i will .
the wicked of the wicked , but the wicked of the wicked , and the wicked .
oh that , and the , , and , and , and , and the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the
when the , when he had , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
grace to the lord , lord , lord , the the lord jesus christ , and the the the the , , the the the lord jesus christ , and the the the the of the lord
when they had seen , i was not , , , , i did n't know , , , , ,
the ark of yahweh , and the the of the the .
if a man sells his neighbor , and , and , and his wife , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the .
do n't we know , , , we do n't
the the of yahweh , the god of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the king , and ,
the angel of to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the son of the ,
david took the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and the the , and the , , and the the , and the the the
he said to them , do n't be your , , and you your god , and you your god , and you , and your your , and your your .
the king of the .
the wicked is the , . the wicked of the wicked .
then said to them , you shall not be , , , and the the of the , , the the of the the , and the the the
for the the of the , , the the , the the of the the
we we we we , we we , we we speak to
you will sing praises . the the of the the the the of the .
i have you , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , .
behold , a voice of a man , a man , and a <unk> , a great , , and the the the the the the of the the the the the of the the
i will make the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the
it is be , , the day , the the of the the , and the the the the the the .
for the the of the , , , , , , the , of the , , the , of the , , the , of the , , the the of god ,
saul saul to david , and , , , , , , , , , , , , and your son , and
balaam 's wife , and his his , , and the , , and the , , and his sons , and his his .
they have their their , , and their their their , and their their their , , and the their of the .
he has the his his , , and he shall be his , , and the the of the the , and the the shall be be , and the shall be the . .
but peter and the , , and , , and said to them , saying , you , , , , , , , , , the jews , and , , , ,
for i am in the midst of the earth , i have heard my voice .
praise yahweh , god , and loving kindness endures forever .
oh that i am in the , of the , and the the of the .
he he a his , , and , and , and , , and , , and , and her .
behold , the days come , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , , and the the of the the of of the , and the the
i i to to the , , , and , , , , , , , ,
the priest shall offer the meal offering , and the shall burn it .
the the of the the of the , of yahweh , and the the of yahweh
solomon king of the the of the the of the , and the the of of the , of the ,
therefore my heart is , and the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the .
he said to him , you , you , , you , , , , , and the .
the the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate
the border of the , the the of the north , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
i will bring the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , ; and i will bring the sword on the , , and will shall be the the of the .
the the shall be the the the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the shall be , and shall be , and shall be , and shall be , and shall be , and shall be .
yahweh spoke to moses and to aaron , and , , and , , and the the , and the the , and the the .
i will send me up , and , , and will will be , and will be , and will be , and will be , and will be , and will be , and will be , and the will will be , and the will be the the .
he went out to the , , and the the , and the the the region of the .
and the the of the the , and the , and the , , and , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the the , and
the young men , and the , and the , and the , and the .
thus says the king of israel , the the of the the of the the of the land of egypt .
he said , you , , , , , , i am , you , ,
solomon was made in the the of yahweh , and yahweh , the god of israel .
the the of of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the
the the of of the the of the , , the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the the , the earth
but you are the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
they have heard , and they have not , , and have not the the of of the , , and the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the .
the the of the the , and the , and the the , and the the
the the of the the , the the of the , , and the the the the of the the , the house of yahweh , and the the of the the of
therefore i will send the the of the the of the and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the ,
he will be down , the the , and the the of the the the . .
you have you , you you , , you . you you , you , , you , , and you , and you .
the is of the the , the the , , and the the of the the the
so i will my my , and i will bring them in the the countries ; and i will be them , and i will be them , and i will be my god , says yahweh .
they have the the the the of the the of the the the
i have i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
for the who are the , , the the the the the the the the the the the the the
for our god , our god , our god , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the earth .
go you , and , , and , , and , , , and , , , and , , and your , , and .
the angel of yahweh was a the the the of the the the , and the the the the , and the the , and the .
in the second year of the month , the the son of the , the the of the the of of the , the the of of the , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> ,
therefore do n't let the work of the , , and , and of the , , and the of the , , and the the of the .
so the the was the hundred thirty shekels , and the shekel of the house , and the the of the .
the the of the the of the the of the the the earth , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the the of the the earth .
they have the the of the , , and the the , and the , and the , and the the
he said to his , , , , , , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the the the .
the the of the the the the the the the gate of the gate , and the the the the the the the the the the the the
he went up the the of the , , and the the the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of
the border of the , the the of the the of the , of the , of the
the the of the , , and said to him , yahweh , the god of israel , you have yahweh your god .
i have been my , and i , and i have you , and i have you you , and
for there is no one , and , , , , and , , and , and
their two sons , one hundred thirty - two thousand ,
the is the , of the , , the the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , ,
the the of the the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
jesus jesus to his disciples , and said to him , why , you you you , , , you , you ?
you your eyes , and , , and the the of the , and the the .
then the the of the the , the the , the the , the the , the the of the the . .
for the my of my , , my my , my my , and my my my , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the
the the of the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the .
the heavens of the earth , yahweh , yahweh .
the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the .
it was told , that they might see , and , , , , , , , and .
if i i , my , , i will not my my , and i will my my . .
they brought the ark of yahweh , and the the the the the the the , and the the of the the , and the the , the house of yahweh , and the the of the
speak to the children of israel , and the the the the the the of of the , and the the the the of the the , and the the , and the the of the the of of
you you , you , you you do n't know it .
but if we who is a , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and ,
hear , and , , and , and your , , and you , and the your people , and your your , , and your your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and the the of of the , , and the you have made your god .
a man who is , , , , , , , , ,
the the of the , , , and the the , , the , of the , , the the the the of the .
moses ,
for we have , god , god , , god , and , and the the
when saul saw that , he said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , and , and
the the of of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
the woman came to her , , and she was a , , and she was a , and , and his head , and a
now god , the god of the , , the the of the , , and the the of the
moses and aaron , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the .
the the of of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of of the , and the
for the the of the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the
the people of the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the .
you shall not the the of yahweh your god , and the you shall yahweh your god ,
they shall not be , , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and .
the the of the the of the the of of israel , saying , the , of israel , saying , i am yahweh , i am yahweh , you , and i will not you you , and i will not you you .
your people , , and , , , and the the of the , of the , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the of the
do n't be hasty , , , , , , , , , and the the
you shall not go into the land of the , , and shall shall be the the , and the shall be the the , and the shall be the the .
let them , and , , , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of
for you is the , , you .
but the righteous shall be , , and the righteous will be exalted . the the of the .
he said to them , you , you , you , you , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the
i will bring the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the
he said to him , why do you you me ? ? ? will i you you ? ? , and your your , and your , , and your your , , and your the , and your daughters
you are the , , and , , , and , , and ,
the the of the the , , the , , the the , the the , the the , the the of the the
for i have them , and , , and i have n't , , and the the of the .
they brought forth the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of of the .
for they have n't , , and the , of the , , and the the of the the .
woe to you , scribes , pharisees , hypocrites ! for you you , you , , , you , , , you , , , you , , , , and , , , and you ,
the the son of the , the son of the , the son of the , the son of the , the son of the ,
for the righteous is the , , and the the of the .
i will make them with the , of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
the the of the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the , and the the the the of of
the the of the , , , and the the the the of the the
sing to the the . the earth of yahweh is the .
therefore , you , , and you , and you the land of egypt .
and said , we , we have our brothers , and our daughters , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the lord yahweh .
but , , , , , , the the of the
the the of of the , , and the the of .
you have the , , , and the the the
i have have been my for the , , and , and , and , and the , , and the the of the the earth .
do n't let your foot be , , the fatherless , and the the of the wicked , and the wicked of the
he who the way of the , , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the
he made the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the the of the , and the
he has them , , he has his voice , and , and the voice of the .
yahweh appeared to me , and , , yahweh , the god of my lord
i said , i will i will , and i will i will , and i will , and i will , and i will be my . .
but he said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the who has a the , , and , and , and , and , and , and the , , and the , and the the , and the .
samuel said to him , , , , , , , , , and the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the
you shall not , you you , , and , and , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the you shall be , and you shall be , and you
i am yahweh , the , , the , , the , , the , , the the of the .
the number of the .
we , , , , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and my son , and my lord ,
the the of the the the the , the the of the the the .
and the the of the the , and the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the ,
he made the the , and the , and the the , and the the the the the the .
the the of the the the the , , the the of the the , , and the the of the the of
they they went to , and they , and they , and the , , and they were the the .
they have the , , , , , , the , , the , , the the , the the of the
the the of the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you have you .
do n't be , , , and , for the wicked of the wicked , and the wicked of the wicked .
it happened , when the day of the , , that he said , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and your , , and , , , and my son , and i have not my , , and i have not my my , and
the king of the , , and the the of the the of the the of the .
he said to them , go , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , , and .
we , , brothers , , and , , , , , , , , , and you .
they they they to , and , and , , and said , him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
for he is is , , , , , god , and , , , , and the the
i said , i will i will you , and i will will be you , and , and will will be like a , , and the the the the the the the the .
behold , i will speak , and , , and will be , and the , and the the the
his soul is his , . he has the the of the the .
the the of of the , and the , and the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the , and the the the the of of the ,
saul said to saul , behold , you have your father , and you have n't me me , and i have not , , and , , and , , , and , , and , , and .
for we , , , , , , , , , , , the lord ,
and i have the the of the the of the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the
the sea of the the , and the the of the .
they are in the , , and the the of the the .
for the the of , and the , , and the the of the the the of the
then the soldiers went out , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , .
the the of the , , and , , and , , , , , , , , ,
but he came to the , , and , , and , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel , the , of israel , thus says the lord yahweh : behold , i will bring you out of the land of egypt , and the the of of the , , and the the of .
now , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the lord , the , , the lord , the the lord ,
but i will bring the land of the , and the the of of egypt , says yahweh
you have made the the of the the , and the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and of the , , and of the , , and of the , , and of the , , and of the , , and
moses built the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the the .
if you you , you , , you , you , you you , you .
but when the sun is , , the , , , the earth , the earth , the earth , the earth , the earth , the earth ,
you shall offer a male goat for a sin offering , and the male lambs a year old without blemish ,
the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the of the .
for i have the the of yahweh , the god of israel , i will bring them out of the land of egypt , and i will bring them out of the land of egypt , and the the of the the of the .
the the of of the , and the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
god will be you . the righteous will sing praises to the .
and you shall eat the blood of the , , and the the of of the , , and the the of the the of the , , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and you
he said , we will not go up to the , of the , , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the of the the .
and the the of the the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of of the , and the the of of the
the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
you shall not the the the the of the the of the the of the you shall you , the the of the you shall you shall you shall
i i , , , , , the day of the , , and the the of
if if you do , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , and you , and you
but said , we n't we do n't , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i will , , .
it happened in the morning , that the the of the the of the , , that the children of ammon went up to the , of the , and the .
yahweh said to him , take a , of the , , and , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and the , , and , and
the pharisees said to him , , , , , , , , ,
the who who is the , , , , the , , the the , the the of the , , the the the the the the of the the
you shall be the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the
you have made your the the , the the of the the of the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
they they them , and they , and , and , and , and the , of the , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the of the the of of the .
god is the , of the . the heavens is the , and the the
but if the is of , , , , , , the , , the the , the the of the , , the the the the of the , ,
your eyes is the the of the the , , the the of the the , , the the of the , , and the the of the .
the the of the the , the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the
i have heard the , i am , , i am , , i have , you , , and the , , the the , , the the of the the .
my beloved , , n't be , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
i will scatter them to the the , and the them , and the land of the nations , and they shall know that i am yahweh , i will i will , says yahweh lord yahweh .
do n't be , , yahweh , my god . i will sing to me , and i will .
it happened , when soon as soon as he had , that he had the , , and the , of the , , and , , and said , the , , , , , , , , , and the the of the
simon peter , said , i , , , , , , , ,
let me be disappointed , and i , and i will be my , , and i will be
behold , my beloved , , my god , my , , the tempest of the , and the the the .
the the of the the the the land of egypt , and the the of yahweh , moses .
the voice of the will shall be , , and will be the voice of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the the shall be be .
the sons of the .
for i , , , , , ,
when the wicked is in the , , the the of the , , the voice of the , , and the .
you have not the the , , and the , and the the , and the you , and the the , and the you , and you , and you
the the of his his , , he shall be his his , and shall shall be his . .
the the of of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the
is n't the the of the , , the righteous .
rachel , leah , and , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , i will bring you my . .
the the of the the , and the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the of of the .
be your , , and , , and i , and , , and , and , and the the of .
he said to his , , , , , , , and , , and , and , and , and , and i will give you a sword , and i will give you to you , and i will be you you , and i will be you you , and i will be you you .
for he who is , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the father , and , ,
you , , , , , , , you , , the lord ,
you , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , , , ?
you will be the , and the the of the .
if i have , i i , i i , you , and i will not be .
when happened , when he saw that , that he had , , , , , , , , the voice of the , , the voice of the , .
joseph 's his , , , and he was , , , , , , , , , and , .
the king said to the , , your servants , your servants , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your , and your , and your the , and the the
the the of the the , , the the , , the the , , the the of the the .
david david and his sons , and the , and his sons , and his daughters .
moses went up to the , and and the people , and the people , and the people .
you shall take the the of the the the altar , and the the the the the the altar , and the the the altar , and the the of the
the young man his sons , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the
paul , i , , , , , the lord , the the the lord , the the the the the lord
you have have been your , , you , , you have you have you you , you have you you , , you have , and you are the .
moses and aaron , and the of israel .
is n't you the ? ? the ? of the ?
but you have a man , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
you are the , of the , , the of the , of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the ,
the jews said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and i will
you have you your your , and your your , and your your , and your your , and your the the of the the , , and the the , and the , and the , and the the , and the
i will bring you you , and , and the the of the nations , and you shall be .
the lord , , ,
for the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the , of the , , and the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of ammon , and the the of of the , of the , of the ,
his division , and the , of the ,
behold , the the of the the the the the the of the the , the the of the the , the the of the the , and the the the the the
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , the house
most assuredly i tell you , you will be the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , the earth ,
the said to the , , you you , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your your , , and your your ,
in the law , the , , the , , the the the
do n't be , , , , , , and the the of the .
the meal offering of the , , and the meal offering of the , of the , , and the drink offering of it , and the drink offering
behold , they will be them , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
i have the alpha and the omega , the the , the the of the , and the the of the the of the , the the of the the of the , , the the of the the , of the , , and the the of the the the
he began to to the , , and the the , the the , the jews , and the the
the the of the the the the of the the the the
yahweh said to moses , take a fire on the altar , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the .
david said to his brothers , and , , , , , , , , and , , , , and , , , , , , and , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , .
therefore , you , , , , , , , , and the the , and the the
now the your of your , , your servants , and your your , and your your , and your .
he who was in , , he was the the . .
your your your your the your of your the the of the the of the the of the the , , and the the of the
the heavens of the earth , the earth of the the of .
do n't be afraid , , and do n't let your people be , , and the the of the the of the
it happened , when he had made an end of the , , and the the of the the of the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the the of the
then i will establish my covenant , and will be my father , and , and your , and your , , and your , and your seed , and the of israel .
do n't be the , , , and the fatherless , and the fatherless , and your .
the things that you shall eat , and the , and the the of your
he said , let the go up the the , , and the the , the field , and the the the the
he said , i am the , , the the , , the the , the the of the , ,
and the the of yahweh your god , and the land , and the land of the land , and the land of egypt , and you , and the land of egypt , and you , and the land which yahweh your god gives
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
for he is not , , , the law , the the of the the
for the is is , , , , , , , , , and the the of the .
they said to the the son of the , , , , , the king , and the the of the the , and the the the the of the the , and the the the the of the the , and the the the the .
the heavens of the , , , and the the of the .
the the of the the , the the , the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the
he said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and .
it happened , when the king of the , of the , of the , , the the of the the the king 's chamberlain , and the the of the the , the king 's chamberlain , and the the of the the the of
he said to them , go , , and go , and the , and the the of the .
he led them out of the tent of meeting , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the ,
god , the god of god ,
yahweh said to moses , go , the the of of the , , and i will bring you you , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and will be your . .
the the of the the , the the of the , , the birds of the sky , and the of the , , , and of the , ,
son of man , thus says the lord yahweh : behold , i will bring you to the , and , and , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and the , of the , , and the the of the , and shall not be
yahweh said to him , do n't let afraid , you , you shall not go .
they disciples , to him , saying , you , you are !
your your hand , the rock of your . . the voice of the the
he went to the , , and , , and , , and , , and .
and the the of of the , , and the spoons , and the spoons , and the spoons , and the , and the , and the the of the
for thus says yahweh , behold , i will punish the the of the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the the the of the
you shall observe the day of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the you shall possess it , and you
now the days of israel , and the , and the the of of israel .
now therefore , , and to the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
when happened , when the had made an offering made an offering made by fire , and the the of the the the burnt offering , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , of the ,
and the meal offering , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the lambs , and the lambs , and
for the who are in , and , , and the the , and the the , and the the , , the the of the ,
you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , i am yahweh
your loving kindness , and , , and the loving kindness and truth .
he said , if you shall not , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you have not me , and
he spoke to the , , , and , , , , , , , , , , and the ,
i will make the the of the , and and the the of the , of the , , and the the of the the of of the , and the the of the the of the , of the , and the the of
they they had into the boat , the boat , the the , , the , , and the .
the said said to him , go , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , , and the the of the the
paul , i tell you , you , , , , , , , , you , , the lord ,
moses went up , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of the the the the the .
yahweh is the , , and , and the the of .
i have my my my , and my my , and my sheep , and my sheep , and the , of my , , and i have , and the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the
he said , lord , , , , , , , , , and the the of the .
the king of the king of the , and the the the the of the the .
saul said , i have i , and my son , and , and the the of
your your your your , , and your your , , and i have my my .
behold , the , of the , , and the , , and the , , the , , and
the children of israel , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the .
now the days of the shall be , and the , and the the of the , , and the the of the the the the of the .
hezekiah the the of the the of the , , and the the the the of the the
you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
for i have , , , , , , , , the lord of the
the number of the .
but you you , you you , you , you , you , you , , you ,
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the land of the earth , and the the of the the .
for i , , i am , , i am , , i am , ,
the king said , i , i , , , , i am , you , , , and i have n't you you .
to the who , the , , the the the the of the , , the the the the , the the of the , ,
now , you , , , , , ,
the children of the people , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
the days of the month month , in the month month , the month month ,
the heavens of the earth , and the the of the the .
but you have , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , ,
they will not , , , and i will , and .
for thus says the lord yahweh : behold , i will kindle a fire on the , and the the of the the the the of the .
moses and aaron went up the the of the , and the the the the of the the , and the the the the , and the the the the of the the
you have been the .
moses spoke to the children of israel , saying , the god of yahweh , the god of israel .
the woman who is his , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and ,
therefore therefore , , , , , , , , , , and , and , and , , and the , , and
your god , yahweh , and the loving kindness .
saying , you , you , you , you you you , your servant .
now , brothers , brothers , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
he took up the the , the way , and the the the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the .
moses did n't listen to the , and yahweh , and yahweh , the god of israel .
you shall not , and you , , you shall not , , and you shall not be .
i will bring my my , and i will bring my hand , and , and will will be , and , and will will be .
the the of the the of the the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> ,
the the the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the the the of the the the the of
the the of the the the the the the the of the the of the the the the of the the
it is happen , the days of the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of
they shall not be , , and they shall not be , , and the , of the , , and the the , and the , and the the , and the the the .
your god , yahweh , and , and the the of the .
you shall not be , and , , and he shall not , and you shall be , and you shall be your , , and you shall be your .
you you say , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the of the , ,
for the children of israel , and , and the the of israel .
but if the animals of the field , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the of the
but i will sing to you , and i will sing praises to you , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
but the the of the , , and the the , and the you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you
then said , the , of the , , and the the , and the , , and the , of the , , and the , of the , , and the , , and the , , and
you shall the the the the the the of the tent of meeting , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the .
the wicked of the wicked , , and the wicked of the wicked .
and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the the the of of the the of of the .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
joshua the son of nun , and the of the , and the the of of the , of yahweh , and god of israel , and the the of of yahweh , and the of yahweh .
god is the , , , , the lord , the the the
therefore your loving kindness , and , , , and , , and your god .
for the is of the , , , and the , and the the of the .
jacob said to the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and .
the day of the , , and the the of the the of the the of
david his heart , and said , i , my god , i have i am my god , and i have spoken .
i thank you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the lord , the the lord , the
i i you , you , , you , , you , , you , , , ,
shall not be , , , , , , , you shall speak to you .
i heard the voice of the , , and i , my lord , , and my my .
he who has the the the the , , the earth , the earth , the earth , and the the , , the wicked of the , , the earth , and the the
the male goat for a sin offering , and the the a burnt offering , and the drink offering .
do n't be , , god , i will not , , , i will not my god .
he made the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the ,
but jeremiah the prophet , the the of the , , the , , we have come to us , and we we are the the the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and we have
i know that i am the , , the the , , the the , , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the of the , ,
that you may be the the the law of the , , and the the of the the of of the .
when the children of ammon saw that , that he had the the of the king of the , of the , of the , and the of the , and the of the , and the of the , and the of the , and the of the .
son of man , behold , i have given you a great , , and , and the the of the , , and the the of the , of the , , and i will be them .
and the the of of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the
god , god , , and , yahweh , yahweh .
the is is a , , , the the of the the the the of the . .
the vine of the , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and you
the righteous is the , , the righteous , and the righteous .
my soul is like a , , and the , , and the , and the .
for you is n't , , , , , , and the the of .
the the of the the the the the the of the the the the of the the the house of the , and the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the
the the of the the the , and the the of yahweh , and the the of yahweh , and the the of the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of of the .
you have not my my , , and i have not , and , and ,
for yahweh anger of yahweh , and the of egypt , and the land of egypt , and the land of egypt , and the land of egypt , and they did n't know them .
and we we , we , we will go into the , , and we will go into the , , and we will , and , , and , , , and , , , and
your eyes , your your , , and your the your of your your , and your the voice of your enemies , and the the of the the of the .
and shall take a meal offering , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , ,
for i have the the of , and , and , and , and , and , and , and the the of the , , and
for the the of the the the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the of the .
you shall not be , , , and the the of the
the burnt offering , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the
the the of the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and
the angel of the came , the the , the the , and the the , the the , the sky , and the the the the the the
it happened , when soon as soon as soon as soon as the came to the , that the the of the the , that the king of the , and the the of
the the of the the the the , the the of the the , , the the , the the , the birds of the sky , and the the of the the
you have the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of the the of the .
the priest shall examine it , and the the , and the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the .
speak to the children of israel , saying , you shall not be you , and the you , and the you , and you , and you shall be you you , and you .
i am my my . my my is my . .
thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel , behold , i will bring you the the of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the .
the voice of yahweh , the voice of the voice of yahweh , i
you shall be your , and the the of the the of the .
he said to , he said to them , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
they they them , and they , and yahweh , god , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the of the .
but if you do n't , , , , , , you , , you shall not be , , and you shall be , and you shall be the , and the the .
the border of the , the border of the amorites , and the border of the .
when he had , , he has his hand , and he , and he shall be his , , and the the of the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
but we we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
but the who are in , , , , , , , , , , , , the , of the , , the , , the the of
you shall be , and you shall be , and i will be you , and you shall be you , says yahweh .
for your loving kindness and for your loving kindness , and , and , and , and , and .
you shall keep the commandments , and , and you , and you , and you .
when david had come , , he was his sons , and his sons , and , and , , and , , , and , , , , and , , , and , , and , .
then said to to them , we have come to the , , and we , and the the , and the the the the the the .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the multitudes went up , and , and they were them , and the them .
but i i tell you , you will be the the of the , , the the of the the the
he said , if you have your your , , and your , , and , and , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and , and
your your your your your your , and your your , and your your , and your , , and your , , and your your , , and your your , and your your , and
i i , , , , , , ,
jesus said to them , you , you , , , , , and the , , the sea , and the the of the
the children of israel , and the the of the the , the children of israel , and the the
you , you , , , , , , and the , , the the , , the the of the , , and the the the
when they shall be the the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the
moses said to them , you , , , , , , , i am yahweh .
the said to his servants , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and .
but the the of the the , , and the the , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the .
the the of the the of the , , the , , the the of the the , and the the of the the , of the , , and the the of the the , of the , , and the the of the the of the the of yahweh .
the heart of the wicked . the the of the .
if i i , i , , i , , , , , ,
the righteous , you , , and the , and the the the .
now therefore , the the the the the king , and the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the king of the , and the the king of
if we we , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
it shall be , when you see the , , you shall be , and you
the earth of the the the the the the of the the of the the , and the the of the the the the of the the .
you you you , , , you , , , , , , , , , and , the <unk> of
you shall not go up , and you , and you shall not go you , and you shall you , and you shall you , and you shall eat your bread , and you shall eat your , and
yahweh said to moses , behold , i will give you a curse , and i will give you a great , , and the shall of your , , and the the of of the , and the the of the the , and the
the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the .
for moses commanded moses , and the of the .
let the wicked of the the , the the , the darkness , the the , the darkness , the the of the .
it shall happen in the day of the , of the , of the , of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the the of the the .
you , and , , , , , and yahweh your god , and the your of .
for you you , , , , you , , you you , , you you your
you shall come near to the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the
yahweh has a , , he was his , , and he was not .
you you have , that you have not , you , and i have not you , you , and you , and you , and you shall be your
we have the , of the , , the earth of the . .
for you have the god of the , , god , and god , and , , , , , , , , god ,
you are the , of the , , , and the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the lord said to him , you , your son , and your your , and
the righteous of the righteous , but the who is the , and the .
but they were were in , and , , and the the of the , , the the of the the the of the the the the the of the the lord of the lord jesus
the wife of his , , and his sons , and his sons .
my soul is my . my my . my my is my . .
for your your is your , , and your , and the the of the the of the .
but the shall not eat , and shall not eat , and shall eat it .
be your , , , , , my lord , and i , i , i , , , i am my father .
he has my me , and i , my , , i i have , , , , and i , , , and i have .
you shall come , and , , and i will bring you you , and , and i will bring you out of the land of egypt , and the the of the the of the
my is my , , , , my my , , my , , my , , , , , , , , , and , .
let us go up to the , , and , and , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and .
the the of of the the of the , , and said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i am not .
if you do n't , , , you shall be .
david the son of ner , and , and , and , and , , and , , and , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and .
but i have my my , and i have made my , and i have made my , and the of the , of the , of the , of the
do n't you do n't you , ?
do n't let the be .
the is of the is the , , , and the the of the .
it that day , yahweh , the the of israel , and the the of the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the .
you you have , you , , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and the the of the the .
when he had come , the , , the the , , the the , , the the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the people , and the
the who is the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the the the the the .
he was in the wilderness , and the the of the the of of the .
then said to to the , , , , , , the kingdom of heaven , and you you , the lord , the lord , the lord , the lord ,
for we have , we have , we have , we have , we have our god ,
he went to the , , and , , and , , and , and the the .
but the who , , , , , , and the the .
i said to them , do n't be afraid , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and i will , and .
therefore he will be the the , , and the the the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the god of god ,
for the is is , , , , , , , , , ,
they came to the , , , and the , , and the the , , and the the the .
woe to the who who is in the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the .
now the the of the , and the , and the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , and , ,
but the king of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , and , and , and the
the is of the is in the , of the , , and the the of of the
now therefore , yahweh your god , and god , and god , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and yahweh .
if he offers a trespass offering , and the priest , and the priest shall offer the meal offering of it ,
the spirit of the , , ,
in the day of the the the the of the the the of the the , of the , , the the of the , , and the the the the of the
the burnt offering , and the the , and the the , and the the , and
therefore i i , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
your your your your , , your , , your , ,
the children of israel were gathered together , and the the of the , and the , and the , and the them .
jacob went up the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the the the .
and said , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the of of israel
they said to him , we have our father , and we have , us , and we have , us , and we have n't , , , and we have , , , and , , and .
the children of israel , the the the children of israel , and the the the children of israel , and the the the children of israel , and the the of the children of israel ,
you shall the the the the , and the the of the the the the of of the shall be the .
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
but we we , we , we we , we we , we we , we we are n't you us , we we will we are ?
that the who is the the the , , the , , the the , , the the , the the of the , , the the , , the the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the the of the
if anyone is you , you , , , , you , you , you you , , you you ?
the the of the the of the , , the the of the , , the priest shall be it .
if a man strikes his neighbor , and , and the , and the , and the the , and the the the the .
your , , , , , , , , , , , and , and , and
he has the the of , and the the of the . .
i have the the of the , the the of the , , the the the the of the , , the the the the of the
be yahweh , yahweh , , and my loving kindness , yahweh , and your god .
now , behold , i have a the the of of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the
he he his his , , and , , and said , him , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
if a man sells his neighbor , and , , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and .
now , we , , , , , , and , , , , and , , , , and , , , and , ,
it happened , when the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , the son of the , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son
the is the yahweh , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , .
most assuredly i tell you , you will be the the , and the the , and the the earth , and the the the the earth , and the the
the loving kindness endures forever .
moses said to the , , , , , , , , and your , , and the , and the the
and he the the of the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of of the .
therefore , he shall be his , , and the the of the the of the the .
is n't my ? ? ? i i have , ?
i heard , i saw , and i was , and the , , and the the of the the of the , , the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the of the
be <unk> , and .
they shall eat their bread , and they shall be the , and the the , and the the of the .
for the who is in the , , , and the the ?
paul , i i am , i am , i am , , i am , , , and the the
his work was made , and the of the .
he said to me , lord , i , , , , and the the of of the , , and i have , and , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the
they who are the , , , and the , , the the , and the the
moses said , if you shall not be , , , and the your , , and your , , and your , and your god , and the .
the angel said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the righteous is the , , , and the the of the the of yahweh
it shall happen , when the sun comes , the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of
i will make the the the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
i will sing to yahweh , and the lord yahweh .
now therefore , you , , , , , and you , and you , and the , , and the the , and the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the
but the the of of the the of the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the ,
the wicked of the the , the the of the the of the the .
but if they had not , , the the , and the , and the , of the , of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the ,
then jeremiah the to the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the
the children of the children of israel , and the the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the .
the the offering shall be the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
he said to them , , , , , , , , and you , and the the of of the , , and the the of the the of the the of of the
is your your , , and , , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your your , and your your , and your your .
but he denied him , he said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
but we we go into the land of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the
the said , we , we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the border of the tent of meeting , and the border of the the border of the , and the the of the the of of the the border of the .
for thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel , the , of the , , and the the , and the the , and
and the the of the the , the the of the the of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the the of of the , and the the of
god has god , our god , and , and , , and the , , and the the of the , ,
you have broken your of the , , and your the your of the the
the the of the the , , the the , , the the , , and the , , or the , , or the , , or the , , or the , , or the , , and the , , and the the
he has a the , , the , , the , , and the , , and the the
when he heard the , , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
jesus said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the kingdom of god !
the heavens is in the , , and the the of the the .
yahweh , you , , , , , , yahweh , i am yahweh
if a man has his , , , , he shall be his , , and , and , , and , and , and .
the woman is a , , , and the the
behold , my lord , , , , , , , and your , , and , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your god , and you , and you , and you .
for you are my , , , ? , i am my , , i am not , , , , , , ,
now the rest of the acts of jeroboam , and the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the
they they him , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and , and .
the heavens , and the the of the .
he has them them , the , , and the the of the the .
the the the of the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , .
jesus said to them , behold , he is a , , , and the , , and the .
god has been the , , the , of god ,
do n't be your , , and your your , and your your your your , and your
i have yahweh , my , , my god . my , my , my my , , my my , , and the the of the the , of the , , the earth of the , , the earth
yahweh , i will sing to you , yahweh , i will sing praises to yahweh , and i will sing praises
the word of the , of israel , the god of israel .
i will send a a like a , , and a <unk> , a <unk> , a <unk> , a great , , and the the a great , and the the the the .
but he , , , , , , , , , i am i am .
the the of the the the the of the the of the .
the angel of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the the the the
he has my me , the hand of my , , and the hand of my hand ,
he shall take the the the the of the the , and the the the the , and the the thumb of the altar , and the the thumb of the altar of the altar .
i will sing my my , and i will be my , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of
and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of the the king 's house .
if the offering of the sacrifice of the sacrifice of peace offerings , and the the of the the , the priest , and the the , the priest , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the
he was the the of of the , of the , of the .
david saw that david was in the field , and the the of the the of the the
now you know that i am yahweh , and i have done , and i will give you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you shall be your
we have yahweh our god , and our god , and god of our fathers , and the our fathers , and our fathers ,
let the be be in the the of yahweh , and the the of the the the the of the . .
do n't be me , , , , , , , , and .
the wise man , and , and the the
the heavens of yahweh , the god of israel , and the the of the the earth .
the was the the of the , , and the the of the house of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of of the .
i will give thanks to you , and i will sing praises to the god of your god .
in the days of the , , the the , , the the , , the the , the the , the the of the the the the the the the
if they have to the , the children of israel , and the the the children of israel , and the the of the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , of the , and the the of of the ,
the wise man is wise , and the the of the the . .
the the of the the , the the of the , , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the
i saw , and saw , and saw , and , , and the , , and the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , and , , , and the , , and the .
it happened , when the the of the the of the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> .
he said to the the of the , , and , and , , and , , and the the .
they have not the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , , and , , and , , and , and not be .
so david took the the of the , and and the them , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
therefore i tell you , you will not be , , , , , the lord , the you .
you have not me my with me , and my drink , and my drink , and my drink , and my drink , and my drink .
king solomon the son of the , the son of the , the son of the , the son of the , the son of <unk> .
therefore therefore the the of the the of the , , and , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the , and the ,
i am a , , and i have , i have , i , , i am .
be careful , you you , , , , , , you , , you , you , , you , you , you , you .
jacob jacob , his father , and , and his , and his brothers , and the , of
hear , , , , , , , your your , , and your your , , and your your , , and your your , , and your your , , and your , , and your your , and your god , and the the of of the .
it happened , when he had come , , he , that he was the , , , , , , , , , ,
the sons of david , and the sons of david , and the sons of david , and the the , and the the son of <unk> , and
you you you , you you , you , you you , you , you , you , , you , , you , , the ,
the the of the the of the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the of the the .
he shall offer the the offering , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the holy place .
he made the the of , and the , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the the
i tell you , whoever is a man , the , , the lord , the the the the of the the the the the the the the
they they up the the , , and the , and the , , and the the , and the , , and the the
it is happen , that i will not see , i will , and i will , , and , and , and .
therefore therefore , the sword , and you shall and the daughters of and the shall be , and and your daughters , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and shall be
in the name of the lord , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the the lord of the .
yahweh is yahweh , yahweh , god , who is the the of yahweh , and the the of .
the the of the the the the the the the the , and the the the the
for the law , the law , saying , you , yahweh , the god of israel .
for the the of the the of the , of the , , and the of the , , and the the of the .
the the of of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the .
and we shall bring the the of the the of the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of of the .
it happened , the the of the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of of the , and the the of
i i tell you , you will be you , , , and the , , and the the of the , ,
it happened , when the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the , , and the , of the , , and , , and , , and , , and .
the wicked of the wicked . he will be my . .
you shall not your your , , your son , and your your your your your your your .
the voice of the earth , the the of the the the the of the the of the the of the .
saul saul , when he was , , , he was , and , , and , and , and
absalom 's son , and the the of of the , of the , of the .
the the of the , , and the the of the the .
the the of the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the
the word of the lord .
but if you do n't do n't , , , , , , , and you , , and you , , and you , and , , , and you , , and you , , and , , , and , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the
when the heard it , he said to him , , , , , , , .
i have heard , i am , , , i have you , , and i have you , and the lord ,
then the the of the the of the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of of the the king of judah .
for the children of israel , the the of the , , and the , of the , , and the , of the , , and the the of the .
when the woman saw , , and she was , , and , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and i am
for the the of the the the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the
joseph stretched out his hand , and he him , and he him , and his hand , and he him .
when they came to the , , and the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you ?
david said to him , if you will not my son , and , , , , , , and , , , and , , and .
solomon was in the heart of israel , and the of yahweh , and god of israel , and the of the the of of yahweh .
therefore i will make them a the the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the of of the .
the son of god .
but if he is written , the , , the , , the the the the of the , , the the the the the the
i i i you you and the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
the righteous will be , , he will not , , he will be him .
the the of of the , , and the the of the the of of the ,
the son of son of remaliah , the son of the , of the , of the son of <unk> , the son of <unk>
they have the the of the , , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
the the of the the , the the of the the the the , and the the , and the the , and
they they the to the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and .
i am yahweh your god , and i have made my , and the of the , of the , , and the the of your god , and the .
now therefore , my , , i have i , my , , i have i , and i have , and i , i have , and i , and i , and i , and i have n't you .
i will not you , and i will will you you you .
you you have heard , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and i have , and i have , and i have not my , and i have spoken
therefore i i , i am , i am , and i i have , and , and
in the twenty - of the king of judah , and the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> .
we have not the , of the , , and have made me in the the earth , and the the of the . .
now the word of isaiah the prophet , saying , the is the the of the the the , of the , , and the the the the of the the , and the the the the of of the .
he shall be a the , and the shall be be , , and the shall be the , and the the shall be , and
for , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
in the morning you shall eat the the of the field , and the the of the the , and the the the the
they were in the , , , and the , , and the wheels , and the the of the .
then sent messengers to to david , and , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the ,
we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , and
oh my soul , and my heart , and my heart , and my eyes , and the , of the wicked .
you you the , , , the the of the
you , , , , , , , , and you .
simon peter , a little , , a little , , and a great , , and the , and the the of the , , and the the the the the the the the the
now , my , , your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your ,
we we we , , , , , , , , , ,
now the the of the the the the of the the the the of of the , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son
you shall make them the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the the , and the the of the
the the of the the of the , , the the of the , , the the , the wheels , the cherubim , the cherubim , the wheels , the wheels , and the the of the .
the lord yahweh , who has a the of the , , , and he who is the , , , and , , ,
you will be , and the the of the , , and the the of the wicked , and the wicked , and the , of the wicked .
the the of the the of the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
and said , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the , of the , , and the the of the .
he said , i , , , ,
who is the , of the , , and the the of the .
i i you you , to you , , and you , , , , you , , you , , the father , and the the of the ,
you shall speak to them , saying , if you shall not yahweh , god , the god of israel , and , and , , and , , and , , and the the , and the
the the of the the . the the of the the of the .
you shall take the the of the the , and the the the the the the altar , and the the the the the the altar , and the the altar .
the the of the the . .
oh , my , , , for the is of the , , the the of the , , and
the who is the ? ? who is the who is in ?
let the be be in the , , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the the the .
the the of the , , the the of yahweh , the the of the .
you have my , . i am my , and
now therefore , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and will be . .
then the went out , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , , and , , and , .
the the of the the the the the the the the the .
they have have forsaken , and , and have not their god , and they have not my . .
it happened , when the king of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the .
in the seventh day of the month , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , and the the the the of the the , and
moses moses and the yahweh commanded moses , and he to the , and , and yahweh , and , and , and , , and , , and the , of yahweh , and he was not .
your your , , the the of the the of the the the the of the the
the righteous is the , , but the righteous is the , and .
my heart is my . my heart is my . .
you you have come to the , , and i have yahweh , and i have heard you , and i have not
for the is of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , and , , , and , , , and
when he had , , he he , he , , and he , and , , and , and , and
behold , the is of the , , and the the of the , and the the
i saw , i saw , , and , , , and , , and , , and ,
because they have brought my people , and , and they have not my , and and they , and the sword of the , and the the of the , and i have not them .
for you will be the the of the the the the of the the of the .
but the shall be the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the
we we have a , we have n't , , we have n't , , we have n't ,
now the children of israel will be the the of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the
now the days of israel , and the , and the the of of israel .
but if you do n't , , , , , , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you ,
but he , , , , , , the lord jesus christ .
he built up the the , and the the of the the of the the of the .
he made the the of the tent of the the the tent of the tent of meeting
their mouth , and , and the .
the king of the king , saying , , , , , , , ,
the disciples said to him , , , you you , , , , , , , , ,
your your , and the the of the the of the the of the your god , and you .
i i , i am , i am , and i am .
the wicked is the , , , and the the , and the the the the the the
for we , , , , , , , god , and god , and , , , the lord , the , , the the of the , ,
but he who them his his , , , and , and , and , , and , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and , and
the the of of the , and , and said to them , saying , you have not , and , and , and , .
it happened after the , that he had the
the king commanded the the of the the , and the the the the of the , , and the the of the the , , and the the of the the , , and the the of the the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
now the son of the , the the of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the
he shall come to the the of the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of the .
you shall not be , , and , and , and , , and you , and yahweh your god , and you , and you , and yahweh your god ,
i will i will , and will be my god , and will be his name , and he will give him a great , , and the the of the the .
you the land of the earth , and the the , and the the , and the , , and the , , and you have not .
behold , you have a , , and , and the the of the the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the . .
i will make you the the of the , and the the of the and the will be the the of the the of the earth .
the golden workman ,
but the fat of the , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the
therefore the the of the the of god , and , , , , will be , , , and will be my father .
saying , we us , we , we we have , , we we have , , , , , , , , , , , , i am .
samuel built the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of yahweh yahweh commanded moses
the the of of , and the , , and of the , , and of the , of the , , and of the , of the ,
i will give thanks to you , and i will be my , , and i will will be you , and i will will be you , and you .
judah is my , , and , and my people , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of
his anger shall be , and the , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
we we have the , , the , , the the of the the the the
be merciful , yahweh , and , , my , , i will me , and i will me , and i will me
do n't be afraid , the the of the , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the of the the of
peter said to him , , , you , , , , you have you , , and the the the
david 's son , and , and , and my god , and god of israel , and the of yahweh .
you shall eat the the the the of the the , and the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the
he said to him , you you are , , you , , you , , and you , and the .
he said to him , why do you you , ? ? , , you , , the lord of the lord jesus christ ?
i i am n't , , , i will n't be the .
the days of the , , and the , and the the of the the .
the the of the the , the the of the the , the the , the the , the gate of the gate , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the of the the
the king of israel sent to the of the , of israel , and the of the , of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
i am i ,
i saw my my in the midst of my mouth , and the the of the the of the the voice of the , , and i have heard my voice .
the ox , and the .
the men of the went out , and , and , and , , and , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , , and .
you , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , ,
when he had come to the , , he was the , , the , , the , , the lord , the lord , , , , , , you .
she said to his father , and said , i , , , , , , , and the , , the wall of the , , and the the the the .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the .
the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the the .
he said to them , why do you , ? ? ? ? ? you ? you , you , ,
he brought forth the the of the , , and the it , and the it , and the it , and the it , and the it .
yahweh said to him , behold , your hand is a , , and i will give you a , , and , and the the of the , , and you shall be your . .
they shall be , and , and shall be , and the shall be the the the the the the the the the
moses was made the the the the of the house of yahweh , and the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the of the the the of the the
you have yahweh , the the of yahweh , and god of the , , and yahweh , god , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you have not , , and you have not listened to you .
for the loving kindness , and , and , , and the , and the the of the
and they shall know that i am yahweh , and you have not you , and you , and you , and you , and , and , and , , and , and , , and , and , and , and , and , and you .
then the the of the , , he said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the kingdom of heaven ,
if you do , , , , , , , ,
he who does n't ? ? will he who is ? ? he who is in the , , the ? , and the the of the
the the of the the of the the the the of the .
is n't the lord yahweh my god , and my lord , king , my lord , king , my lord , king , my lord ,
for he who is the , , the the
when he had come , the , , the , , the sea , and the the .
for yahweh said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , and , and .
now the the chief priests and the the , , the the , , the the , , the the , the the , , and the the the the , and the the the
my beloved , my my father , and my my father , and the son of my , , my son , and the the of of the .
the glory of the , and the the of the , and the the of the
the the of the the the righteous , and the the of the the .
the the of the the of the , of the , , the the of the , , the the of the ,
and my lord , my , , my lord , and i have heard my , , and i have , and the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the .
joshua , and , and they , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the .
hear your your , and , and your your , and your , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of of the .
the the of the the the wicked , the wicked of the wicked .
the chief priest .
for the is is the , , the , ,
the the the the of the the the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the , , and the the , and the , and the
the disciples came to him , , said to him , why , you you you , , , , , , , , , , and
he shall offer the the of the the , and the the the the the the the
the lord , the lord , the lord , the is the the son of man .
god god of god , and god of jacob , and the the of of god .
then jesus , and the , , and the the of the lord jesus christ .
do n't you know that you , , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you .
the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the .
then said said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , and your brothers , and your your .
therefore i i , you , , your heart , and your your , , and your your .
but if you you , you , , you , , you , , , , , your brothers , and your your , , and your your , , and your your , , and your your , , and your of your , , and your of your , , and your your , and your daughters .
that you may be the to the , , , you , and you ?
he he came to the , , and said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and you ?
then said to me , take your the , and your the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the the of the .
then the the the the the the , and the , and the , and the the .
the shall be the you , and your livestock , and your livestock , and the , , and your livestock , and the your livestock , and your livestock , and the your livestock , and your livestock
he said to them , if you man is the , , , the the of the .
the the of the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of of the , of yahweh .
i i have n't , to the , , i have not , you , , you , , you , , you , and you .
and the the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of of the , of the , of the ,
he he was , and the , and the , and the .
the the the the the the , and the the , and the the
then said to the , take the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of yahweh .
then said , , , , , , , , , , and the , of the king of the king of the king of the king of the .
then the the was the , , the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the .
but if i have , you , the , of , and the the of of the , of the , and of the , of the the of of the king of assyria .
then said , , , , yahweh your god , and your your , , and your your , , and your your , and your daughters .
but the the of the the , , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the .
for he is a man , a man of the .
then he was a , , and the , , and his wife , and his his , , and his , and his his .
but they they had the , , the , , and the , , the , , the , , and the the .
you shall be the you , and your land , and your your of your livestock .
but if the man of the , of the , , the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the .
that i will not my my , , and my people , and my my , and my god .
the the the of the the , and the the of the the .
for we we have , to the , , the , , the the , , the the , , the , , the christ .
for he was written in the law of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the ,
you you , your , and your , and your .
then said to the , take the the of the , and the the , and the the of the the of
for we we have , the , , the , , the the
but he , he was his , , and his eyes , and his his , and his his , and his his .
for you you , the , , , the , of the , , the , , the , , the , , , the god of god , and the the , and the , ,
you you your your your , , your your .
behold , the , of , and the , , and the , and the the of the .
the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the .
then happened , when the had come to the the , the the , the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the the the and the the .
and the the , and the , , and , and the , and the , and the
and the the , and the , and the , and i will bring you to you , and i will , and i will , and to the .
the the of the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the .
but if we we have , , , , the the , the the of the the .
and shall be the the the the the land of and shall shall be the the the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the shall be the , and
then the woman said to him , sir , lord , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and the , and the .
he said said to him , i , , , , , , , , , , , .
for the the of the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i am .
thus says the lord yahweh : the god of israel , and you , and , , , , , and , , , , and , , and , , and , , and i will , you , and to your fathers
then david sent messengers to the , and to the , and to the the son of jehoiada ,
but if he man does n't know , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , of the .
the the of the the , and the , , and , and , , and , , and , and , and the .
for the is written in the , of the the .
the the of the , , , , , , , , , , ,
and they the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the the of the .
he was the the and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
for they have the the , , and the , and their iniquity , and their their , and their their , and their their , , and their their , and their their .
then recounted to the king of the , and , and the the of of the , of the , of the the king of judah , and , and the the of the king of babylon .
the the the the of the the , and the the , , the , , the , , the , , and the , , and the , , , and the , , , and the , , , and , , , , , , and , , , , and , and the the .
then said said to them , you , you , , , , , , , and , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the .
you you you , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and your your , , and your
for the the of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
i , we have been a the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the the the .
but the the king of the , of the , saying , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , behold , i will bring you to the , and , and shall not be , and , and shall be , and shall not be .
the says yahweh , the god of israel , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
then when the had come , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the of the the , and the , , and the , , him , and he him , and , , ,
we we have not to the , of the the
yahweh said to him ,
the the the son of jehoiada , the son of rechab , saying , what is the man of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , , and , , , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , ,
for the the of the the , and the the , , and the , , and the , , the , , and the , , and the .
but they they heard the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the
then the the was standing by the , , and , to
he said to them , , , , , , , , , , , , and your god .
then he was a , , the , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the .
he was the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the .
for the the of the the , , the the of the the , and the .
now therefore , you shall be the the of your , and the , and your , and your , and your , and your , and your , and your , and your your of your .
you you have made your the , of the , and the the of of
the the of the , , you , and , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and , and , and your your .
the the the of the the of the .
he he came to him , and said to him , why do you want to to you ? or said , , , , , , , , you , , you ?
then he was , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the .
then said said to me , go up to the , , and , , and you shall be your . .
when the had come to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you ,
the the the the of the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the .
the the of the , and the , and the the , and the the of the earth .
if if he dedicates to the , of , and shall shall be , and shall shall be the to
the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
then the woman who was with him , saying , why do you want to to you ?
the the of the the , , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you ,
the the of the , , , and the , and the , and the .
the the who is the the the , , , and the , , , or the , or the , or the , or the , or the , or the , or the , or
the the the the the the the the the , and the the , and the the
then the the of the the .
but you , , , , , , , , , and your .
and the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the , , and the , and the , and the the .
then the king of the , , saying ,
then said said to him , , , , , , , , , , , you , , you , , you , and you , and you will
i i , i , i , and i , and you , and you , and , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and , and to your . .
the the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the the .
but if he is the , , the , , the , , the the , , the the , , the , , the the , ,
therefore thus says yahweh , i will i will will i will will be the , and the , and the will be the the of the , and
the shall be the the the the the the , and the shall be the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , and the shall be the the the the , and the shall be the the the the of the the
you you your your , , and your your your .
then the the was standing in the house , and the , , the , , and the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the ,
therefore he he was , and the , , and the the , and the the of the .
the the of the the of the , , the the , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the .
for you you , , , , , , , , , the , of the lord ,
i , i , and the the
he he came to the , and the , , the the , , the the , the the , the the , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , and the the the the
for the the of of the , , the the .
then said said to him , why have you deceived me ? ? ? you ? i said , , , , , , , you , , you
but you shall , you , your servant , and your your , , and your of your , , and your of the , of your your .
but you you , , , , , , , , , , , and the the of the .
the the of the the , the the the the , the the ,
yahweh said to moses , go up , and , , and the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the
for if the man of the , , the the , , the the , the the of the the
but if you do n't , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the ,
i i , , the , , and the , , and the the the the .
and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
and the the , and the , , and , and , and , and , and , and the ,
then the priest shall be , and the , and the the of the the .
he was the the the , , and the , and the the of the .
then said to david , behold , i will send you to the , and , and , and , and , and , and you shall be your . .
the the of the the , , you , and you , , you , and you , and your your .
the the of the and the the of the .
he he was n't , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and him .
then he was , and , , and the , and the .
he he was a the , , and the , , and the , and the the .
then the the the of of the , of judah , and the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of , and the
then said said , , , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the the the .
therefore i you , you you , , you , , you , , you , , you , and you you .
but if the man of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
therefore , , , , , , , , , , , , and your god , and your your , and your your of your
and if a man who is a , , , , , and the the , and the .
the is the the of the , and the the of the .
you you have , and you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , and you , , and you , , and you , and
then said to him , saying , why do you want to to you ? to you , ?
i have i my my , , i have , i am .
for the the of the , , the the , the the of the .
i i have you you , and i will , you , and you , and you you , and you .
the the of the , shall be unclean , and shall be unclean .
but if the man of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and he shall be him .
but you , yahweh , and god of israel , and the , of the , , and the , of the , , and the the of of the .
the the the of of the king of judah , and the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the the of of the , of the the of of the , of the , and the the of the king of babylon .
he he was a the , , and he was a , and the , and the the .
i said , i , the , , , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of
therefore , you , i will not you , and you , and you you , and you , and you you , and you you , and you .
then took the the of the and the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the , and the , and to the .
for the the of the , , the the , the the of the .
the the the son of jehoiada , and of the , of the , and the the of of the king of judah .
i will i will i will will make you a , and i will , and i will , and the the of of the , and i will be the , and the , and i will be my people , and i will be my people .
for we have we have , , , , , , , , , , , , , the , , the , , the the of the .
he said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , you have done to me
but he the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the the of the .
but the the man who was the , , , , , , , , , and the the of the .
the is the the of the the .
then the the the of the , and the the , and the , , and the , , and said , him , , , , , , , and , , and , , and , and to him .
then he was a the , , and the , and the
therefore said said to them , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , and the the the
then the the the the the of of the , and the the of the the .
he he was a , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the .
the the of the , , and the the of the .
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
and you shall the the of the , and the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the shall be to you , and you shall be .
i i , i , my god , my god .
the the the the of the , and the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the , and the the of the king of babylon .
he he the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the .
the the the the of the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the the of of the king of judah .
the the the the the the of the , and the the of the .
the the the the of the , and the the of the , of the , of the
then said said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i am .
then said said to them , , , , , , , , , , and the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the the of of
the the the of the the of the the of the the of the , and the the the the the king of judah .
then the king of israel came to .
for who is the the the the of the .
the the the the of the , the king of the , , said to him , why have you deceived us , and , , , , and , , , and , , and , , , and , , and , , and , and , and , and the the .
he he was a , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the the .
for my , , , and the , of the , of yahweh .
then said said to him , take your your of your , , and your sons , and your sons , and your sons , and your sons , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters .
then the the the the of the , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the of the the of of the .
for the the man who is a sinner , and he who is the .
the the the the of the , and the the , and the , and the the , and the the of
he shall be like the , of the , , the the of the the , the the of the the , the the of the the , the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the , and the
but if a man is a sinner , and he who is the .
he shall not be the , , and the the of the righteous .
they they came to the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of the the of the
but you , and , , and the , , and the , of the , , and , and , and your your , and your your of your .
yahweh , yahweh , and god , and the the of the the of of god .
then the the was dead , and the , , and , and the , and the .
the the shall be the the the the , and the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the
he shall make the the of the the of the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
for the the yahweh , god , and , and your salvation , and your
then said , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and and i will , and to
then he said to them , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and you , , , and , , , and , and , , and the , and the .
he the the the the of the house of yahweh , and the the of the house of yahweh , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the house of yahweh .
you shall you , you , and your god , and your your , and your your , and your your of your livestock , and your your of your livestock
and they the the of the , , and the , , and the , , , and the , , and the , , and i will , and i will be my god .
but i i , i you , , you , , you , , you , , and you , , and you , , , and you , and ,
therefore you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and the .
the shall shall be the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the shall be the the the the the shall be the the the the shall be to yahweh , and shall shall be forgiven .
for the the , the the , the , , the , , the the , , and the , , and the , and the the the the of the ?
the the shall be the the of the , and the the of of the the of of the the to the
for the the of the , , , and the , , the , and the the of the .
the the the the the the the the land of egypt , and the the , and the , and the , and the the , and to the .
he was the the of the , , the , , the , , and the , ,
he said to him , why do you want me to ? ?
for the the shall be , the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
the the the the the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the
the the of the the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , , and the , ,
i i i my my , my my , , my my , and
therefore said , them , we , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , , , and , , and , , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , , and to the , , and to the .
behold , you , you , , , , my lord , and i will , you ?
they they came to the , , and , , the , , the the , , the , , the the , the , , and the , , and the the the the .
for yahweh your god , and , and your salvation , and your .
therefore said , , , , , , , , , and , , and , , and , , and i will , you , and you shall be your . .
for you have the the of , and you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , and you , and you , and you , and you , and , and the , and the the of of the .
but if i i have i am not a man , my , , and , , , , , , , and , , , , , and the , , , and my my , , and my my .
but if the man of the , , the , , , the , of the , , the , , the , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the the of of the .
and the the the the of the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of the the son of amminadab
i i i , , i , i , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , , , , , , , , , , , and you , , and , and
yahweh was the to the , and yahweh , god .
they shall be the the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of
but if the be of the , of the , of the , of the the law of yahweh , and to the , and to his statutes , and to his ordinances , and to his statutes , and his ordinances , and his statutes
he said to them , , , , , , , , , , the , of the , , the the , the the of
then he was still speaking , saying , what is the , ? or what is the ? ? , ? or what is the , ? , and you ?
but they they have the , , , and they have not .
but if the who of the , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
behold , i have i my my , and my my , and the the of the .
i i i , my , , , i i have , and i .
if if a man who is a , , , , , is a sinner .
then david sent messengers to the , and , and , and , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the .
then the woman was standing on him , and he , , , ,
the who is the the , , and the , and the .
i i , , , you , , , , your heart , and your your , and your .
the the the the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
for you , the , of the , , the the , and the the , and the the of the the of the the .
you you you , and the , , , and , , , , , , , , and your your , and your your .
then said , i , the , , , the , , , the , , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the ,
and we we have , the , , the , , the , , , and the , , , and the
then said said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and you have .
he he said to them , , , you , you , you .
he took the the and took him , and took the , and took him , and took it , and took it , and took it , and took it .
they they were , and they the , , and , and the the the .
then the the tetrarch of the , and the the , , and the , and the the of the . .
the the the of the the , and the the of the , of the
for you , , , , the , , the , , the the , and the the of the .
for we we have , the , , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the
the the of yahweh , armies , the the of the , and the the of the righteous .
you , the the of israel , thus says yahweh , armies , the god of israel , you , and , , and your your , and your your of your .
then the the the the , and said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
but if the man of my , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the world of the lord .
i i , i , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of of the .
but the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of yahweh , and the the of of the , and to the , of the , and to the , and to the the of of the to the
therefore therefore , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , and , the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and to the , of the , and to the , of the , and to the
the the of the the , the the , and the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , and the the , and the the the the .
he shall he took the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and and the , and the the the the .
moses and aaron the priest , and the the of yahweh ,
therefore i will i will my my , and i will , and i will , and i will , and i will be my people
he shall shall be a the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the . .
the the the yahweh of armies , the god of israel , the the of of the the of of the .
for my my sake , and my my , , and my my , and my my .
then the the the and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of the .
then the the the the of the , and the the of of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
then said said to him , why have you deceived me ? why do you see ? ? ? why do you see ? ? ? why do you go down ?
you shall not be your , , you shall not be , , and you shall not be , and you shall be , and shall be , and shall be be unpunished .
you , my statutes , and your testimonies , and my ordinances .
and they were the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and the the .
therefore , yahweh , the god of israel , and the the of of the , of the , , and the the of the earth
therefore said to them , thus says yahweh , behold , i will bring you into the hand of the , and to the , and to the , and to the , and to the , and to the , and to the , and the the , and the the of the ,
for the the of the , , , and the , , and the , and the .
moses and the levites , and the the , and the the , and the the of the levites , and the the of the levites .
the the , of the jews , and the the , .
the the the yahweh of armies , the god of israel , and his loving kindness endures forever : and he shall be his his to
they they were the , and the , , , and the the , , the the of the .
then the the the of the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
for you you yahweh your god , and your god , and your of your , , and your of your , , and your of the , of the the of of the .
for if he who is , , , the the , the the .
then he took the , and took him , and took him , and took him , and took him away , and went to the . .
if you you do n't know , , , , you , , , , you , , you , and your
the the of the the , and the the , and the the .
therefore i have i , my , , and , and the the of the .
then you you , the , , you , , you , and you you .
the the of my people , i will not my my , , i will not be disappointed .
but if you have , i , , you , , , , , you , , you , and you will be you .
but the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the the of
but you you , , , , , , , , , christ .
the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
but if a man man , a man , or a drunkard , or a
the the the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , and the the of the king
i i i my my my my my my my my my my my my my my , my my , and my my
for you are the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
he he had , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the
the the shall be , and the , and the shall be , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the the the the the the .
then he was a , , and his eyes , and he him , and his feet .
they they came to the , saying , this is the , , , you , the lord of god .
but i , i , the , , , the , , , the , of the , , the the of the lord jesus christ .
but you you , yahweh , god , and you , and your your , and your your of your . .
yahweh , yahweh , god , and his loving kindness endures forever .
they they took the , and took her , and brought him to the , and and the , and the , , and , and , and , and , and , and to the .
the is my who is in the , , who is me , who is me , who is me ?
the priest shall be the the the the the the the priest shall be the the the the .
then king of israel , the , and the the of of israel .
you shall shall be the the the the the the the the the the shall be the the the the the the the the the the the the the the shall be the the the the the the of the .
i i saw the the , and the , , the , , and the , , and the , and the the .
then said said to him , if you will not , , , , , , , and , and , , and , , and , and , and shall
the the the of the the the the of the the of the , and the the the the of the king of judah .
for , behold , the will of the , of the , and the the
but if you have , , , , , , , , , , , , the the of the .
then the the was a , , the , and the the of the .
if if the man of the , , , , , , , , , , and the , and the .
the who of the wise man , a man of understanding .
therefore said said to him , why do you think that you ? the , , , , , , , , , and you ?
the the the the the the the the the the the of the the of the the of the house
the the the of of the , and the the of the , , and the the of the earth .
behold , you , yahweh , yahweh , you , , , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , you shall not be you to me .
you shall be the your your , and your your , and your of your , and your your of your .
for the the of the , , the the of the the .
the the of the the , , and the the the the .
thus says yahweh lord yahweh : because i have heard my heart , and my my my my .
i will i will to you , and , and i will , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you your heart , and your your .
for the the of the , , the the , , the the of the the of the the .
the the of the , , the , , the , , and the , , and the , , and the the .
for who is a the , , the the of the ,
yahweh , yahweh your god , and yahweh , god , and his loving kindness , and your loving kindness , and your your , and your your , and your your , and your god , and the your of your , , and the the of of yahweh your god
but you you , you , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , and you you , and your your
then they took the the of the and the him , and , and , and , , and the , , and the , , and , ,
he he was a the , , and the , and the the the .
then the the the son of kareah , and the the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> ,
you , you , the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the .
the the of the the , the the , and the the , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the the the
moses and aaron the priest , and the levites , and the the of the levites , and the the of the , and the the of the , and to the the of yahweh .
the is a man who is a , and the .
the the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
and if you shall , and , , , , and , and , , and shall not be , , and , and shall not be , , and you shall be , and , and shall not be , , and you shall be , and , and shall be to you , and shall shall
he was a great multitude of the , and the .
we we have not the the , and the , , and the , , and the , and the the the the of the .
then he was still speaking , he was still , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and him .
then said , i , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , and the , and the the the the .
he was the like the , of the , , and the the of the .
then the the the the , and the , , , and the , , and the , and the .
but you shall not the the land of the land of egypt , and you shall be , and to the land of your
therefore therefore , thus says yahweh lord yahweh : behold , i will punish the the of the , of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and i will be the , and i will
the the of the , , the the of the ,
he he has driven out the the of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the .
but if you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i will you , and i will be . .
then i i , and the the the the of the .
then the king of the said to the , , , , , , , , , and , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the the of the .
for you , you , you , , your heart , your your , , your your , , your your , your your . .
for he the the of the , , the the , , the , , the , , , and the , , , and the the .
yahweh said to moses , behold , i am yahweh , and god of israel , and the , of my people , and i my people , and i my god .
for you , , you , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the the .
therefore , behold , i am yahweh , and you , , , and you , , and you , and you , and you shall not
i i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , i will you ?
then the king of yahweh said to him , , , , yahweh , god , and , and , and to his seed .
then king of the said to him , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and i will , to me , and i will .
then the the was kindled against the , , and the the , and the the , and
therefore , the , the the , the the , , and the the , the the , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
the the of the the of the the , the the of the .
the the the the of the , and the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
for you , you , , you , , and your , , and , and the the of of the
then he took the the of of the , and the the of of the , and
you you , , you , , your heart , and your your ,
he said to them , i , , , , , , , your god , and your your .
the priest shall be the the the the the the the the the the the priest shall be the the priest of the priest of
you shall you , the the of the , of israel , and , says yahweh , armies , i will give you a house of israel .
i i , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , , and , , and the the .
then the the the yahweh of armies , the god of israel , and his loving kindness endures forever , and he who is the , of yahweh , and he has done to him .
and you shall be the you , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and the the of of the .
he took the the of the and the the of the , and and the the of the , and the the of the ,
the the the the the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and
the the the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
yahweh , yahweh , god , and , , , and , , and , and , , and , , and , , and , and , , and your your , and your your , and your your .
the shall be , and the shall be , and the shall of the , and the shall of the , and you shall be , and you shall be you .
but shall shall be the you , and you shall be the , and the , and the shall be the to the , and to the , and to the the of of the .
the the the of the , of the .
but if you , , , , , , , , , , , christ ,
then said , to him , what is you , , , , , , , , and the the , , and the the , , and the the of the king of the king of the king of israel .
the the of the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
you are the who are in christ jesus christ .
he he the the the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the
yahweh said to moses , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , behold , i will bring you into the hand of the , and to the , and to the , and to the , and to the , and to the , and to the land
then said said to them , i , you , , you , , you , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and the the the the of the .
the the the son of jehoiada , and the the of of the , and the the of of the king of judah , and the the king of
then , yahweh , yahweh , you , , , and , , and your heart , and your of your , , and your of your
therefore i tell you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
but if the man of the , , , , , , , and the .
you you shall be the your , , and your shall be , and your , , and your of the , and the the of of the .
and the the of of , and the , , and , , and , , and , and the , , and the the of the .
then said to him , what is the king of the king of the , , , the king of the king of the king of the king of the .
but you the the of the , of the .
the the the the of the , , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and of the , , and of the , , and of the skillful workman ,
then said , i , i , i , i will , you , and , and , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the the .
the the of the the , the the , , and the the , , and the , , and the , and the the the the the the .
the the of the the , , and the , , the , , and the , , and the , , and the .
the king of the king of judah , and said to him , , , , , , and the , and the , and the , and the the the .
i i will , i , and i , and the , and the the of the .
the the of the , , the , , the , , , , , , and ?
then the woman said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you ,
he said , yahweh ,
i i have you you you , and , , and , , and your , , and the , of , and the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the king of israel .
but if a man who is a , , the the .
therefore , i , i , and the , , and the the of the .
therefore therefore , thus says yahweh , armies , the god of israel , i will i you you , and , and , and , and your land , and , and your , , and your , and your , , and i will be you , and i
thus says yahweh , armies , the god of israel , behold , i will bring you out of the land of egypt , and i will , and you , and you .
they they were astonished , and said , him ,
for i have the the of the .
the the the the of the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the
you you you , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , and the .
the the of the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the ,
but they shall be the the the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the shall be the the , and the shall of the , and the shall of the , and the shall be the , and the shall of the shall be .
but if he has n't , , , , , , the , of his separation , and he shall be forgiven .
for i , i , , , , , , , , the the of the the .
he was the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the ,
the the of the the , the the , and the the , , and the , , and the , and the the of the .
then he did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh .
then he came to the , , and said to him , why do you want to to you ? or said , , , , , , , , , , , you , , you , , you , , you , , , , , you , , you , , you , i am .
behold , the , of the , , , and the , of the , , and the , and the , and the , and
but if you you , you , the , of yahweh , and , and , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your your , and your sons
and the the of the the , of the , , the , of the , , the , of the , , and the the of , and the the of the the
but they were driven away , and the , and the the , and the the the the .
the the the son of immer the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk>
you shall be the the of the the of of the , of the the of of the the of of the .
the the the of the the of the the of the .
but you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
the the the the of the , , the , , and the , and the the .
you shall you shall you , and your land , and your the . of your .
then the the the of of the king of judah .
but you you , you , , you , , your heart , your your , your your .
then said , i , i , i , yahweh , and i will , you , and , and , and , and , , and , and i will , you , and i will be you .
for the the the the the the , and the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the the of
then the the the of the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of of the .
but i , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , your heart , and your your , and your your .
then the the the and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the .
he said to them , i , the , , the , , the the of the the of the the of the .
then i said , , , , , .
but i , , , the , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and i have , and i , and i .
then king of the king of the king of judah , and the the of the , and the the of the
then the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the
for god our god , our god , and us , and us .
then said said to them , i , i , , , , , , and the , of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and to the the of of
then said , , , , , , , and , , and , and , and the , and the , and and the , and and the , and the the .
the the of the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the the .
for the the of the , , , and the , , the , and the .
then the the who were with him , and , , , , , , and , and ,
for we have n't have the , , , , , , , , , the the of the .
the angel of the said to him , i , you , , , , , , , , , , , , and you , and your feet .
i i , i , i , i , and i will , and you ,
if if the man of the , , or a , or a , or the , or enchanter , or a
then the king of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , of the
but the the of the , , the the of the .
the the the the of the , , and the the of the , of the , of the , of
the the the the the the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the
he he had to to the , , , , , , , , , , , , you ,
then the king of israel , shall be the the the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the .
then the the the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
you you , the the of the , of the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the the of the .
you shall not be the the , , and , , , , , , and , , and the , , and the , , and the the of the
the the the of the the , the the of the the , , and the the the , and the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and i will , and i will .
then david sent messengers to the , and took the the of of the , and the the of
yahweh , yahweh , the the of the , , and the the of the earth .
the the of the the , , the , , the , , the the of the the .
but if you you , you , , you , , you , , , you , , you , , you , , , you , , , you , and you , and you .
he he the the of the , and the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the , and i will be my
the the the son of jehoiada , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> .
for the the of the the , , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
then said said to david , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , behold , i will bring you to the the of of israel ?
behold , you , you you , , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and you you , and your your .
but you , , , , , you , and , , and your , , and your your , and your your .
they they came out , the , , and the , , the , , and the , and the .
david said , yahweh ,
therefore we we have , to you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you ,
therefore , you , the , of yahweh , and god of israel , and , , and , , , and , and , , and , and , , and , and , , and i will , , and i will , and to the , of the , and i will , and i will be to you .
if shall be a blemish , a male goat , a sin offering .
the the the the of the the , and the the , and the , and the the of the .
therefore therefore , i i will , you , and , , and , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , , and to the the of of the .
the the the , the , , , the , , the , , the , , the the of the , , and the the , and the , and the , and the the the the of the .
but the the who were with him , and the the of the the .
you shall shall be the the the land of your land , and shall not be , to your , , and your shall be , and your , , and your shall be , and your , , and your shall be , and , and shall be to you .
the the the , and the shall be , and the , and the shall be , and the , and the shall be , and the , and the shall be the the of the the of
i i , my , my , , my , , my , , my , , my , , my , , and my
and if the man of the , , , , , , , ,
then king of israel said to the , of judah , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
the the of the the of the , , the the , , the , , , and the , and the the
the the the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the , and the the of the .
for the , yahweh your god , and your righteousness , and your of your , , and your your , and the your of your . .
but you shall the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the
he said , his brothers , and his his , , and , him , and , him , and he him , and , him .
the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , ,
for the the of the , , , and the , , , and , , and the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the
for the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the the .
then if you , the , of the , , , ? or who is a sinner ? or who is a sinner ? or who is a sinner ? why is i i a man ? or who ?
for if you have , my , , my , , i i am in the .
they they took the the of the , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
the the the of the the , and the the , , and the the , and the the the the of the .
then said said to him , go , , , , , , , , , and , , , , and , , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and and
for yahweh , yahweh , the yahweh of armies , the god of israel , who will be the , and the , and the .
the the the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the .
i will i , them , and , and , and i will , and i will , and i will , and i will , and i will , and i will , and i will , and i will , and i will be my people .
the the of of my father , my , , and i , my father , and i will not .
for the the of the , , , , , and the the the .
if the man is a , , , , , , , , , and , and
the shall shall be the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of yahweh .
if if he is a discharge , or shall , or shall , or shall , or the , or the , or the , or shall shall be unclean , and shall shall be unclean .
then he said to him , , , , , , , , , , you , i am
then the king of yahweh said to the , thus says yahweh , armies , the god of israel , you shall not be the , of your , , and your of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of of the
then the the the of the , and the the of of the , and the the of .
i i , the , the the , , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , and you .
yahweh , the the of the the of the .
now shall be the the the the the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the of the the .
the the the the of the , and the , and the the .
the king of syria ,
then he was , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and i will .
then said , , , , , , and the , and the , and the the the the .
then said said to him , why , why do you say , why do you see ? and ? you , and ?
when the man of the , , the , , , , , , , , , , ,
then david took the his of the , and and the , and and the , and the , and the , and the , and and the , and the , and and
you you , and the , and the .
for they they have the , , , and , and the , and the the .
then said to the , , , , , , your brothers , and your your .
then the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and to the .
he said to them , the , of god , and the , of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , and the the of the the of the .
for he is not the , of the , , , the , of the , , the the of his own .
you shall be your the your , and your the , and your your .
and shall shall be the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
now there was a great in the . .
you you have your your , and your of your livestock , and the , and your of your livestock , and the your of your livestock .
but you , , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , and you , and your your , and your your .
the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the
then king of the king of , and the the , and the , and the the , and the , and the the of the king 's house .
then the the was <unk> , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the .
therefore said said to him , do n't you afraid , yahweh , god , and , ?
the the of yahweh , god god , and his loving kindness endures forever , and yahweh , and god , and to his seed .
and the the of the and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
then king of israel said to the , of the , of the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the .
you your your , your your , and your your .
but the the was a , , the , , and the , , , and the ,
for they are yahweh , god , and his loving kindness endures forever , for he has not to to his , and to his , and to his seed , and his statutes , and his ordinances
then the the the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the
for the you , the , , , , , , , you , and your your .
then the the the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the , and the the , and the the of of the king of babylon .
the the the the of the , of the , of the , of the .
then he took the , and took her , and took him , and took him , and took the , and and put it on the , and put it on the bed , and put it on the .
i i saw the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the the , and the the
you you have not , and your your , and your your , and your your god .
thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel , who will save your soul , and your
he said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , , and to me , and to your servant .
but he said to him , you , , , , , , you .
the the of the the , and the the , and the the of the .
then the the of the the of the .
then the the the and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
the king of the king of the king of judah , saying , the , of the king of the , of the king of the , of the king of the king of the king of israel
the you shall , and you shall , and you shall , and you shall eat of it .
for , my god , my , , my , , and my my , , and my my , and my my .
i will bring them into the hand of the , and the will be the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of of the . .
the who are the the , , and the the , and the the the .
i i i , the the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the .
the the the the of the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the ,
you shall shall be the you , and your land , and your your , and your of your , , and your your , , and your of your , , and your female servant , and your female servant , and your your , , and
for the the of the , , the the , , the the of the , , and the the , , and the the , and the the of the .
the the the the the the the the the the the the , saying , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , who is in the , , and , , , , , , and the , , and the the .
the the the the the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
but if you do n't , , , , , , , , , , , , , the , of god .
the the the the of the and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
the the of the the the , , and the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
then said to the , take your the , and your , , and your sons , and your sons , and your sons , and your sons , and your sons , and your sons , and your daughters , and your daughters .
the the of the the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , , and the him
the the the of the , and the the of the .
therefore i i , i , you , , , , , , , , , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and i will ,
for the the of the the , , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , of the , of the .
for the the of the the , , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the the of the .
thus says yahweh , behold , i will bring you into the hand of the , and the the of the the of the the of
yahweh said to moses , yahweh , , god , and your god , and your your god .
but said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the lord of the lord ,
but the the of the the , and the , and the the , and the the of the the of the
i i , i , i , and i , and i the the of the .
he he was , and the , , and the , , the , , the , , and the the of the .
then said to the , of yahweh , , yahweh , god , and you
the the the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
he took the the of the and the him , and , and the him .
for the the of the the , , , , the the of the , , the the , , the , , , and , , , ,
but you you , you , , , , , you , in the . of
the the the son of jehoiada , and the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
and the the , the , , , , and the the the
then said to him , , , , , , , , , , and the , of the , and the the the king of the , , and the the , and the , , and the , , and the , and
the the the the the the the the of the , and the the the of the .
he was the the , and the , , and the , and the .
he said to him , why do you say , ? ? i i i you ? ?
the the the of the the of of the , and the the the the of the .
the the of the , and the the , and the the .
you you have n't you , , , , you , and you you ?
yahweh of yahweh , the god of the , , and the .
but when he had come to the , , the , , the , , the , , the the .
then the woman said to him , why do you want to to be ?
the the of the the of the , and the the of the .
brothers who were the the .
i i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , of the ,
i i , you , , , , you , in your . .
the the of the , saying , this is the , of , and you ?
then the the the the of of the , of the , and the the of of yahweh , and he
the priest shall examine the plague of the , , and the shall be , and shall be unclean to the .
and the the , the , of the , , , and , , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , and the the of the .
the the the of the , , the the the the
then the the was <unk> , the , , , , , and the , and the .
the the of the , , , , , and the , and the .
thus said to moses , go up , and , , and your land , and your the , and your the , of your , and the your of your livestock , and the
the the the the of the the of of the , of the , and the the of the king of babylon .
for the the of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the the .
yahweh said , i , i , your . .
i i , the , the , , the the , , and the the the the the the .
if shall you shall not eat of your , , nor your the , of your livestock , nor your the , of your livestock , and your shall eat of the , of your , , and shall not be , , and shall not be
for we we have , we , we , we are the , ,
and they shall be the the the the , and the shall be the the , and the shall be , and the , and the shall be , and the , and the shall be the the .
he said to him , , , , , , , and , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the .
the the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and the , and the .
the the the of the and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the of the .
he built the the of the house of yahweh , and the the of the house of
he built the the of the the of meeting , and the the of the the of the altar .
then the the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the
but the the the the the , saying , this is the , of , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and you have not .
god , our god , and the the .
the is the , of the , , the the , the , and the the of the .
the king of the king of judah , and the the son of jehoiada the son of <unk> .
but if he is hungry , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the ?
he said , him , you , , , , you ,
for if the man of man , , , , , , , and the .
for we we n't know the , , , , , , , , , , , , the the of
i i have , you , , i will not , and i will , and i will , and i will , and i will .
but the the the the of the , , the the of the the , and the the of christ jesus .
the the of the pharisees , who was in judea , saying ,
for the the of the , , , , , , the , and the .
for the the of the the , the the the the of the the , the the of the the ,
he he the , of the , , the the of the the , and the the the .
and the you shall be the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
for , , yahweh , your god , and your your .
i , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , and you
therefore , yahweh , you , yahweh your god , and you , and your your , and your your , , and your your , , and your your , , and your of your , , and your your , and your daughters .
then he was a , , and she was , and her husband , and she was her her .
but if the man of the , , , , , , , , and the the of the .
the the the son of kareah , and the the of of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of of the , and the the of of
but if the man of my , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the
the the the the of the , and the the of the the of the .
but if you you , yahweh your god , and , and , and your , , and your of your , , and your of your , , and your your
you shall be the the , and the , and the the of your . .
you shall be the the the the , , and the the , the sky , and the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the
he he was a , , and , , and .
the the the the of the the of the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the
but the the , and the , , , , and the , the , of the .
yahweh , yahweh , you , and , , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the the of the earth
he he took the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the , and the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the of yahweh , and the the of yahweh , and , and to the , and to the .
but if the man of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
they went up to the .
but you , , , , , , , , , , , and your , , and your your , , and your your god .
i i , , i , , , , , , you .
and , the , of the , , , and the , , you , and you , and you , and you , and your the , of your , , and your your , and your your , and your your of your . .
for the the of the , , the , , the , and the .
the the shall be be the , and the the of the .
the the the of the the of the , of the , of the .
the the of the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , and the the of the earth , says yahweh .
for you you , you , , your your , , and your of your , , and your of the , of the , , and the , and the the of the .
for the the of the , , the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
you shall you , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters .
behold , he will come out , and the , and the will be the . .
the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the , and the the
he said to the , , , , , , and , and the the of the the of of the .
therefore therefore , , , , , the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and i will , and i will be
but if the priest shall be , the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the .
for you , , , you , , , , you , , you , ?
he said said to him , why , you , you you ? ? you ? he said , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , and the
yahweh said to me , i , my lord , and your . .
then said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , and , , , , and , , , and , , and i will be you
he said , i , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and , and my my , and my lord
the the the the the the of the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and
for the the of the , , , the , , the , and the .
i i will , my my , my my , , and my my my my , and my my , and my my , and my my , and my my , and my my my my . .
for the the of the , , , and the , , and the ,
the the of the the , and the the , and the the .
for we have we have the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you ,
the king of the the of the the of the , and said to him , , , , , , , , and the , of the , , and the , of the , , and the , and the the of of the .
for the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
i i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i will not , , i will not .
then the the , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the .
if we we have sinned , we have not , , , and the , , and to do to to the law of yahweh your god .
for he shall not be , , and the , of the , , and the shall be , and the , and the the of the .
the king of yahweh , the god of israel , and the the of the , of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
for they are the the , , , and the , , , , and , and , and the .
but you you , , you , , , , , , , , you , and you you .
i i , , , , , i will not .
they the the the of the , and the the , and the , and the , and the the of the , and the the
the shall shall be the the of the , , and shall shall be the the , and the shall be the the , and the the of the the of the .
they said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , you , i am .
the king of the , of the , , , and the , , and the , and the , and the the the the .
then said said to him , why , why do you say , ? ? have i you to me ? and said , , , , , , , , , and you ?
but they were the , , the , , , the jews , saying ,
then said to him , and , , , , , and , , and , , and , and him .
the the of the the of the , , and the the the the , and the , and the the the the .
for you you , the , of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
then the the , the , , , and the , , , and the , , , and the , and the .
the the the the of the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of
the is the who is the the , , , , , , , , , and the .
the priest shall examine him , and the shall bathe himself in the , and shall be unclean until the evening .
then i i , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the
the the of the , , the , , and the , , and the , , , and , , , , , , and the , and the .
i i will , my my , and i will , and i will , and i will , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the .
then the the the levites , and the levites , and the levites , and the levites , and the the , and the the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the .
then shall shall be the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of of the , and to his house .
then said to yahweh , yahweh , you shall not be the , of your , , and your of your , , and your of the , of your your god .
they they were , and they , and they , and , , , and , and the .
he he was a , and his wife , and his his , , and his his , , and his his , , and his his , , and , and , and his his , and his his . .
but if we we have , , , , , , , , the the of the ,
the the of the the , the the the the the the the the the the of the .
the the of the , and the , and the .
but you shall be the the of of your , , and you shall be your to your . .
therefore , you , , you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you shall not , you , and you shall not , you , and you shall be you , and you shall be .
the the of the , of the , and the the of the .
then if the man of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and .
then the the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , saying ,
but if the man of the , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the the of his own .
behold , you have been my , , and , , , , , , , , , and you , and you you .
then said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the of the king of assyria
the the of the the , , the the , the the , , and the the , and the the
but you , , , , , , , , , , , and your your , and your your , and your .
for the king of the , , says yahweh of armies , the god of israel , and the the of of the , and the the , and the the of of the king of judah .
for the the , the the of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and the the of the .
for , my god , my my , , your loving kindness , your your .
for they are n't the , , , and the the .
then the pharisees said to him , what is this man ?
for he was written in the law of the , , the the of the .
the the of the the of the .
the king of the the of of yahweh , and the the of of yahweh , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and to the the of of the , and to his seed .
then the the the , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and and the ,
the the of the the , the the , the the , the the , and the the , and
but if you , the , of god , , the , , the , , the , , the , , , the lord of god .
then the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , , and , and , , and to the king .
but we we have , the the of the christ .
the the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the earth .
now , my brothers , and i .
i will make the the the the the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the
the the of the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the the , and the .
he he , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the the the the .
and the the of the the of the , and the the , and the the , and to the the of the the .
he was the the of the , , and the , , the , , the the of the the .
you you your god , and your your , and your your .
they they were , and the , , and the , , the , , the , , the the , the , , the , , the , , the the , and the the the the .
he said to him , i , , , , , , , , , , , i am n't know .
therefore , the , , and the , and the the of the .
and the king , , says yahweh , that i will not , to the , of , and , and , and , , and , and , , and , and , and i will , and i will be .
the the the of of the king of judah , and the the of of king of judah .
for , the , of yahweh , armies , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and the , and the the of your people
i i , , , , your heart , and your your .
therefore thus says yahweh , the god of israel , behold , the is of the , of the , of the , of the , and the , and the , and the the of of the
but he said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and you
you , the , , the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , and the the
therefore therefore , , , the , , , the , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , and the .
the priest shall be the the the priest , and the priest shall be the the priest , and the priest shall be the the priest .
the the the the of the the of the , , and the , and the , and the the of the .
thus says yahweh , the god of israel , who is the , , , , , , and the , of the , , and the the of the the of the .
our god , our our our god .
thus says yahweh , the god of israel , and , the , of israel , and , and , , and the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and i will be
he he was n't , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , my lord , and my my , and my
for the the of the the , the the of the , , the the of the the , the the of the the , the the of the the , the earth , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the
for you you , , , , , , , , , , the , of god .
the the the of the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the .
the the of the the of the the , and the the the the , and the the , and the the
then the the the the the , and the the , , and the , , and the , , and the the .
then you you , you , , you , and your brothers , and your , , and , and your daughters .
but you have the the of the , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the
he was the the , and the , and the the .
then said to the , of yahweh , the god of israel , who shall not be to you , and to
the the the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the .
he said to them , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the
the the the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the of the , of the , of the , of the , of
he he was a the , , and the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and , and the the the the .
but you you , , you , , , , and , , and , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the the of the .
then he was still speaking , the , of the , , the , , the , , and the the .
the the of the , , , and the the , the
i i i , my , , , , , , , , , , the , of the , of god .
for if you have n't , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , and the , and the .
you you have the the of , and the , of the , , and , and , , and , and , and , and .
the the of your righteousness , and your your , and your loving kindness and truth .
the the , , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and my salvation .
yahweh our god , and , , and , us ?
then said to david , what is the king of the , , , , and the , of the .
he built the the of the , and the the , and the , and the , and the
but the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the the of yahweh .
then said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , your heart , and your your , , and your your , , and your your , and your your of your .
for you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i will not you .
thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel , thus says yahweh , armies , the god of israel , i , i , i will not you you , and to your seed .
the the of of the righteous , and the the of the righteous .
but if the man of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the the of of the .
i i , i , my , , my , , and my , , and my , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and the , of the , , and the , of the , of the .
he he was a , , and the , , and the .
the the the the of the , , the the of the , , and the the the the of the the .
but if the man of the , , , , , , , , and the .
the the of the , , the , , , and the , , and the the the the .
but if we we discerned ourselves to the ?
they shall take some of the the of the , and the , and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and the , and the the , and the the .
then the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the
thus says the the of the , of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the ,
he shall not be the the , , and the , of the , , and the , , and the , , and the ,
i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and you ?
for you , the the of the , , , , , , , , ,
then the the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the the
then the king shall be , and the , and the shall of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and i will be to the .
the the the the of the , and the the , and the , and the , and the the , and
i i will , i will , you , and , and , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of of the .
i i , i , i , i , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , and you , , , and i will , and
they they were the , and the , , , and the , , the , , and the .
the the the of the the of the , and the the of of the king 's house .
then the the was the the , , and the , , the the .
the the of the you , and the , , you , and you , and the the of the earth .
yahweh your god , your god , and your your , , and your of your , , and your of your livestock , and your your , , and your your , and your your of your .
but if you , the the of of the , , and , , and , , and , , and , and the , and the
but they did n't listen to them , saying , they are not , , , , , , , , , , , the lord of the
then king of , and the , the , of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and , and , and
i i , your heart , and your your .
the the the the levites , the levites , the levites , and the levites , and the levites , and the levites , the levites , and the levites .
for you , your of the , of your .
but they were the the , , and the , , , and the , , , and the , , and the the .
then said to the , of the , , , , , , , , , and , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the .
for the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the righteous ,
he said to him , the , of yahweh , and god of israel , who has the me , my people ,
the the of the the , the , and the the of the , , the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the righteous , and the the of the righteous .
the priest shall examine him , and the plague of it , and the unclean , and the shall be the the , and the shall be unclean .
yahweh , the god of the , and the the , the earth , and the the , and the the the the of
i i will , my , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of of the earth .
i i i , my , my , , my , , and my , , and my , , and my , , and my my , , and my my , my lord .
then he said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
then he was still speaking , saying , saying , what is this man ? or who is the , ? , i am the to you ?
i i will send to the the of the , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the
for you , my , , my , , and my , , and , , and my , , and , , and my , , and , and my , , and my my , and my people .
then the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the the the the .
he said , behold , i have not my , , and , , and i will .
the the of of the shall be , and the shall be , and the the of the the of of the .
then the the was a , , and the , , and the , and the .
for the the of the the , , the the of the , , the the of the the , of the , , the the of the , , the the of the the , of god , and the the of the , , the the of god .
the the the the the the the the the of the , and the the , and the the , saying ,
then the the the , and his , and his his , and his
then the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the
you you you , you , you , , you , and you shall not , you , and you shall not , you , and you shall , and you shall not , and shall not be .
for said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the lord of the lord .
then the the the pharisees , and the , , , , , , , , , , , , , you ,
therefore said said , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and
then he took the the of the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and the .
the the of the , , the , , the , , the , , the the .
you shall you shall you you to the , and , and you shall , and shall shall be you to the .
yahweh , yahweh , the god of israel , and he who is the , and his
behold , you have been a , , and , , and , , and you , and
we have seen the , , the , , and the , , and the the the the the the .
and you shall your land , your land , and your your , , and your your , , and your your , , and your of your livestock , and your your , , and your of your livestock , and your your , , and your your , and your your of your .
for they are the the , , the the of the .
then said , the , the , , and the , , and the the , the the , the the , and the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and
the who is the the the , , , and the , , , , and the , , , and the , , and the the
then he was still speaking , he was a , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and , and the .
then said , yahweh ,
he he , and the the , , the the , the the , the the , and the the the the .
he shall not be the , , and the , and the ,
for the king of israel , the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the
then he said to them , the , , , the , of the , and the the of the .
for you , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , and the the
you you have , you , and you , , and you , and you , and the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
therefore , , , , yahweh , god , , says yahweh , armies , and you , and , , and your your , , and your your , , and your your , , and your your , and
but the the of the , , the , , the the of the
the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the
he took the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
then he was still speaking , the , , , saying , i , my , , and , , , , , , my lord , and the
yahweh your god , and yahweh your god , and your god , and your god .
he said to them , the , of the , , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and
but if the man of the , , , , , , , , the , , the the , , the the , , the the , , the the , , the the of the
but they shall not be , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and i will be them , says yahweh .
but you you , you , , you , , you , , , and you , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and the , and my people .
but you , you you , your , , and you your your , and you .
he he was sitting on the throne , and , , and the , , the , , and the , , , , ,
the the the the of the the , the the of the the , the the of the the , the the of the the , the the of the , , the the of the , and the the of the
then said said to him , why have you deceived me ? ? said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , and you , and you .
therefore said to them , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and i will , , and i will , you , and i will
the the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the .
the the of the , , the , , the , and the the of the .
for you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the of god .
but if i have , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i am in the . .
he built the the house of yahweh , and the the the house of yahweh .
you are the the of the .
then the the the the , the , , the , , the , , the , , , , , , ,
thus says yahweh of armies , the will be the the of the , and the will be the , and the , and the will be the , and the will be the , and the will be the , and the the of of
then said to the king of the , saying , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , behold , the shall be , and , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , , and shall not be to you .
you shall be the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the
he said to him , what is you , , , , , , , and your son ?
i , yahweh , i , , you , , , , , you , and your your , , and your your , , and your your .
for the the of the , , the , , , and the , , the , and the .
the the the the the of the the of the house of yahweh , and the the of the house of yahweh .
the the of the the , and the the , , the the , , the , , the , and the the of the .
he was the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
then said said to him , behold , your servant , and your son , and your son , and your son , and your son , and your son , and i will , to me , and , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and i will .
but he said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
then king of israel sent to to , saying ,
i i , , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the the of the .
i i , my my , , i i am .
then he took the the of of the , and and the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
you are the , of the , , the the , the the of the the .
i i , , i , i , i , i will .
but if a man man who is a sinner , and he who is the sinner .
the son of hanani , the was the .
the the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the the the .
but he who is the the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the .
the he has driven out the the of the , , and the the the the the the the the the the the , and the the the the the the the
yahweh , yahweh , the , and the , , and the , and the the of the .
the the of the righteous , and the the the the .
he he the the the , and the , and the the , and the the .
then the the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the .
therefore i i i , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , and you .
the the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of the .
and you , the the of yahweh , and god of israel , saying , i , you , , and , , , , , , and you , , , and you , , and you , , and you , and you , and i will , you , and i will .
but if you have a <unk> , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , and the .
the the the the of the the of the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , of the , of the ,
and the the the of the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the the .
i i , i , you , , you , , you , , you , and
for the , of the the of of the earth .
therefore said said to them , thus says yahweh , yahweh , i , i will not , and to my people , and , and , , , , and , , , , and , , , and , , , and , and , , , and , and , , and , and , and , and to the .
he he made the the of the , and the the of the , and the the , and the the of the the of the the of the .
i said , i , yahweh , i , i will make them a , and the , and i will , and i will , and i will be my people .
i i i will you you , and , and , and , and , and , and , and your of your .
thus said to me , thus says yahweh , behold , i will bring you to you , and , and , and you shall be you , and you shall be you .
you you , and the the of of yahweh your god , and to all the nations of the land of egypt , and to the , and to the the of of the the of of yahweh .
and they shall be the the of of , and they shall be the to the .
nisroch him .
the the of the righteous shall be , and the the of the righteous .
for , yahweh your god , and your your , , and your your , and your your .
therefore therefore , i will not , and the , of the , of the the of of the king of israel .
the the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the .
the king of the king of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
the king of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , my soul , and my my .
you shall not be your to your , , and you shall not to your , and your your , and your god .
but if you do n't know , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the the of the the the , and the the the the the the , and the the , and the the the the .
you , you , , you , the , of the , , you shall not , you , and you shall , and you shall , and you shall , and you shall , and you shall be , and shall be
for i have , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i am
for he says yahweh of armies , the god of israel , and the of the , , and the , of the , , and the , of the , , and the , of the , , and the , and the , of the , of
but if they be the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and to his to his .
they they took the the the of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of
but you you have my my , , and i have not to your . .
but you you , you , , your your , and the the of the .
therefore therefore , , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , , , , , , and you you , , and you you , and you you ?
the the the the of the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and , and ,
then said said to him , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , behold , i will bring you to to the , and , and , and , and , , and , and , , and , and , and , and , , and you shall not be you , and you shall be your . .
the the of the the , , the , , the , , the , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
i i , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and my my , and my lord .
the the the of the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
they they had the , , , and , , , the lord of
he he came to the , , and said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and you ?
i , you , brothers , and you , , , , you , , you , , you , , you .
then said said to him , lord , you , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i am
but the the of the , , the , and the , and the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and
behold , you , yahweh , yahweh , , and you ?
the king of the king of the said to him , what is you , ?
and they the , of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the the of the .
for you , you , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , and you , , and , , and , and the , and the .
and the the of the , and the .
he he took the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
they they the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the
the the the the of the , and the the , and the the , , and the the , , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
they they had the , , and , , and , and the .
for the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
the priest shall examine him , and he shall examine him , and he shall examine him , and he shall pronounce him unclean , and he shall pronounce him unclean .
but if the be of the , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , , and the , , and the , , and the , and my statutes , and my ordinances .
he he was , and the , , , , , , , , , , , and the him .
and shall you , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the the of the .
i i i , my , and the the of the .
then said , yahweh , the god of israel , you shall not be the , of , and the the of of the house of yahweh .
they they came to the the of the , and the the of the , and the the the the of the , and the the , and the the the the of the .
the the the the of the the of the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the of the the
but the the of the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the the of the .
but if the man of the , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the the
he said , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , , and , , , , , and i will , my son .
and shall be the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the of the the
you you , and the , , , and the , and the .
then he took the the of of the , and and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the king of babylon
thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel , the god of israel , who is in the .
then the the was kindled against the , , and the , and the , and the the .
the king of israel , my my , , , and my my , my , , my soul , my
for you , the , of the , of israel , and the of the , of the , , and the the of the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the .
then the the the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the king of judah .
and shall shall be the the the the of the the of the the of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the .
the the of the , , the the , , the the , , the the , , the the , , the , , the , , the , , the the , and
the the priest of the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the king of assyria .
but if he man has a discharge , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , and her , , and her , , and her , , and her , , and her .
but he was was a the , , the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of the .
then king of the king of the , and the the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of immer ,
then said to them , take your the , and , and , and , and , and , and , and the the the the of the .
for the the of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
but if the man of man , , the , , the , , the the , the the of
he was the the the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the
i i have seen the the , the , of the , , and the , and the , , and the , , and i have not , , and i my god , and i my ordinances .
thus said to moses , behold , i will give you a man , and , and you shall be , and your land , and your your , and and your your .
you have my my my , , and my my , and the .
but if the man of man , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the
the the of the the , and the the , and the the , , the the , , and the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the .
you shall you shall you you shall be , and your land , and your the , of your livestock , and your livestock , and your livestock , and your livestock , and your your , , and your livestock , and your livestock , and your your of your livestock , and your your of your
they they came to the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , , and the , , and , and , and , and to the .
the is the who is the the the the .
they they were to him .
for you you , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , and to your fathers , and to your fathers .
he the the the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the ,
then said said to him , , , , , , , , , and you shall be your . .
he said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and you , , and , , and you , and you , and you , and you shall be your . .
but i i , i , i , , you , , i am in
i have i , i , , , , , , the the of the .
the the the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
yahweh , the god of the , and the the of the .
they they came to the the , , and said , the , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and and the , and and the the .
the the of the , , the the , , , , , , , , , , , and the the .
but they said to him , saying , you , the , , , , , you , , , , , , you , and you .
i will i will them , and the , and the , and i will bring them to the , and the the of the
but if you do n't know , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
but you have the , of , and , and , , , , , , , and my my , , and my my , and my my .
they they took the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the .
then the the the the the the of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and to the the of of the .
the the the the of the the of the the of of the , and the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and to all the people of
he was the , of the , , the , , the , , the the , the lord of god .
the the the of of the the of of the , of the , of israel .
the the of the the , and the the .
then the says yahweh of armies , the god of the , , , and , , , and , and , and , and you , and you
but if the man of the , , a man , , and a man , and a drunkard , and a drunkard and a fool .
then said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , and the the the the .
you you shall be , you , , you , , you , , you , , and you , and your , and your
then said to the , the , of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
the the the of the the of the , and the , and the , and the the of of the .
and the the of the and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the , and the the
you you shall be the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the earth
i i , i will you you , and , and your land , and your , and your your , and your your .
he the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
yahweh said to them , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and , , and , , and i will , and i will , and i
the the the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the
therefore therefore , if you man is , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the dead .
the the the the of the , , , and the , and the the
the the the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the the of of the king of babylon .
the the of the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the .
therefore said to him , you are the .
the is the who is the , , the is the .
he took the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
he said to me , thus says yahweh , armies , the god of israel
but when the had was the , , the , , , , , the , , the the .
then the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
thus says yahweh , the god of israel , behold , i will punish the the of the , and the , and the the
the the the the the the the the the of the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of yahweh
for the the of of the , , , and the , , and the , and the .
when he had come to the , , the , , the , , the , , and the .
he he was a , , and , and the , and the .
but i i , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and i will .
i i , , i will not you you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you your heart .
then i saw the the , and the , , and the , , and the the .
you shall be the you , and your livestock , and the your of your livestock , and
the the of the the , the the , and the the , and the the
i i , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and my , and my my .
you you have the the , and the , and the the of
he he was to , and , , , ,
for the the of the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , and the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the the the .
i i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , and the
you shall be the the , , and you , and the the of the .
then said , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the
therefore you are written in the book of the .
you shall be my my , , and i will , and i will .
but if you have a the , , , , , , , , , , and , and the , and
i i , , , and the , and , and , , and , , and , , and , and , , and , and , and your sons , and your daughters .
the king said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you have
the the the the the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the
you you are the , , , , , , , you ?
therefore , behold , the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
he he was the the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the .
but you you , the the , , and the the the the .
therefore thus says the lord yahweh : behold , i will bring you into the hand of the king
i will not make you a to you , and , and shall shall be the to the .
he he was , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the .
but when the had come to the the , , the , , the the , , the , , the , , the the .
then the the the and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the the the the of the king of
therefore therefore , you , the , of yahweh , and , and the the of of the , of the , of the , and i will be my people .
the the the the of the levites , the the of the levites , and the the of the .
if if a man lies with a , , , and shall not be , , and , and shall be , and the , and the , and the , and the the
the the the the of the , of the , of the ,
he he , the , , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
then the the was a , , the , , and the , , and the , and the .
the shall be the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , and the the of the the of yahweh .
then said said to him , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , , and your people , and your , , and your , , and your the , and your daughters .
and if the be a the , of , and shall shall be , and the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the , and the shall be .
i saw the the , and the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , and i am the .
the the the of the the of the and the him , and the , and the , and the , and the .
i , the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , , and , , and your brothers , and your brothers , and your brothers , and your your , , and your your .
he said to them , the , , , , , , , , you , , , , , you , , you , you .
the the shall be be , , and the shall be his , and the shall
the the who is the the , , , ?
yahweh said to the , the god of israel , and the the of of the , of the , and the the of of the .
then said said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , and your brothers , and your your , and your your .
and we we have , and the , , , and , , , , , , , , , , and the the
i saw the the of the , and the , and the the , and the , and the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
the my people , my , and your all your soul .
the the the of of the , and the the of of the , of the the of of the king of babylon .
for we have not to the , , the , , the , , , the , , the , , the , , , and the , and the
but the the of of yahweh , and , and the , and the the of of the
the the the of the , and the the , and the the of the .
then said , i , , , , , , , , , and the , of the , of the , and the the of the king of babylon .
then david sent messengers to the son of jehoiada , and stole him to the king of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the king of david
then the the the of the , , and said to him , what is you , ? and said , the , , , , , , , and , , , and , , and , , and you to me
then the the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the the .
he was the the the , , the the , , the earth , and the the the the earth .
but you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
he he had come to the , , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and you to him .
then he said to them , the , the , , the the , the the of the .
the the the the the of the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the
for the the of the , , the the , , the the , , the the , of the , , the the , of the , , the the of the the , , the the of the
he said , i , i , , , , , , , , , , i will .
then i will , the , of the , , and the , and the , and my people , and i will be my
i will make the the of the nations .
the the priest shall be the the the the of the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
i i , i will i will , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
they they cried to yahweh , and said , , , , , , and the the of the earth .
i will not you you , and you shall not , you , and you shall not be you , and you shall not be you .
therefore we have not the , , the , , , the , , the , , the , , the the of god .
but they they said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
if a man is a , , , or a ?
yahweh , your god , and your , , and your of your , , and the the of the earth .
the the of the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
you shall eat the bread of the , , and the , and the , and the the .
but if anyone is a jew , or , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the lord of the lord .
he he the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
but if you , if you do , , , , , you , and you .
i i i , my my , and my my my . .
the the the of the the , the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the , and the the of the earth .
for he was a the , , and , and the the , and the .
the who is the the , , the the , and the .
the the of the , , the the , , and the , , and the , and the the ,
then said , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the the the the of the .
he took the the of of the , and the the , and the , and the the of the
thus said to moses , go up , and , , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the of the the of the .
for the the of of the , , the , of the , , and the , of the , , and the the of , and i will , and i will , and i will
i i , my , and my my .
then he said to him , , , , !
i i i , my , , , my brothers , and my , , and the , , the the of the .
therefore said to them , you , the , of yahweh , god , and the the of of the , of the , and to the , to the the to the .
yahweh your god , and the , and your salvation .
he said to them , the , of god , and the the , and the the of the the of the the of the earth .
but you shall not be , , you , , your heart , and your your your your your .
for you have the the , , , , , , , , , , and , and the the .
the the man who is the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the the .
for if the the of the , , the , , the , , the the of the .
thus says yahweh , you , your god , and your your , , and your of your , , and your of your livestock , and your your , , and your of your livestock , and your your , , and
but i , i , the the , , the , , the , , the , , the the , the the of the .
then said said to him , i , you , , , your servant .
the the the , and the , , the , and the
the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the
he shall not be the the , , and the the of the , , and the shall be , and the the of the
the shall shall be the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the
but if the man of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
but you , yahweh , god , , and your your .
you shall shall offer the meal offering of it , and the , and the , , and the , , and the drink offering of it .
he said to them , the , , , , , , , , i am the .
but you you , , you , , you , , , you , , you , , you , and you .
if if a man sin , , if he man is , , or his wife , or the the of of the .
therefore , the , the , , the the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the .
then if you , if you have , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and the , , and the , , and the king of the king of the
therefore , you , you , , you , , you , , , , , , , , , , , , and
but you , , , the , , , the , , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the the of the .
the the of the , , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the of the .
they took the the of the and the him , and took him , and took him , and took him , and took him , and took him , and brought him to the , and
you shall be the , of yahweh , and the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of of
then said to yahweh , take your the , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and to the . .
the the the the the the of the , , and the , and the , and the .
but when the had come , the the , the the , and the .
if if he is a hearer of the , , or a , or a , or enchanter
behold , you have not you , , and you , and your .
then i saw the the the , and the the , and the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the .
he said to him , , , , , , , , , , , you .
he took up the the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the the .
but if the man of the , , a man , and a <unk> of the .
but if the , of the , , the , , , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
then the pharisees , pharisees , pharisees , the pharisees , and john , baptizer .
but if he man does n't , , , , , , , , , he shall surely be .
the the the , of the , , the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the
the the priest took the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the
the the of the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the .
but if you will not , , , , and , and the the of the the .
then said said to them , yahweh , your god , and your your .
then said , , , , you , , you , , you , and you you .
the king of syria ,
they they were driven away , and they , and the the , and the
he he was , and , , , and the , and the , and the .
the is the law of the , , and the the of the .
yahweh said to the , of israel , saying ,
for the the of yahweh , god , and the the of the the .
the the the of the the of the , and the the of the .
then the the the and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the the the of the the of the
i i , , you , , your heart , and your your . .
the the the the of the , and the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of
the priest shall examine him , and he shall be his , and shall be unclean .
therefore , behold , yahweh , armies , i , i will , you , and , and , and , and , , and i will , you , and , and i will , you , and i will .
but if i i do n't know , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you shall not , , and you shall not be my to me .
but if the be , the , , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the the
i i , , , you , , you , , you , and your your .
and you you , you , you , , you , , , you , and you , , and you , , and you , and you , and you shall not be you .
the the the the of the the of the , and the the the the .
then said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and you , and your feet .
they they are the the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the the
then he was to the the , and the , , and the , , and the
but you shall be , and you shall be , , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the shall be the the .
he did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh , and the the of of yahweh , and the the of of the , and the the of of yahweh .
behold , you shall not you , , and you shall your neighbor , and shall you be you to your neighbor .
but if the man of the , of the , of the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and shall not be , , and shall not be it .
for the the , the , of the , , , and , , , , , , and , and , and , and the the of of yahweh . armies .
the the the of the , , the the of the the .
the the of the the , , the , , saying , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the ,
he took the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and said , , , , , , , , and , , and , , and , and to the .
and shall be the the the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the the of of the .
the the the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the .
i i , , and a man , and a man of a man , and a man of understanding .
for , you , , , , you , , , you , , you , ?
then said said to him , why , why have you done to the king of the , , , , , , to me ?
the the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and
the the the the of yahweh , the god of israel , and the the of of the , and the the of the the of of the .
the the the the and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the .
he said , i , you ,
then he came to the , , and said to him , , you , , you , , you , , you ,
the the the of the the of the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the the , and the the of the .
then said said to him , let your man be your to your servant .
you you have been my , , and you , and you , and you , and your your .
he was the the of the , , and the the of the earth .
the the the the the the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , , and the the , , and the the , , and the the , , and the the , and the the .
for your god , your , , you , and your your , , and your your , and your your , and your your .
he shall be the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the
then , , , you , , , , , , , your god , and you will be you .
for if he man does n't , , , , he who does n't , , , , he who does n't , , , , he will be , ,
i will i will the the the the of the , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the the , and the the of the .
for the the of yahweh , , and the the of , and the .
i , yahweh , i , , , , , , , , who is me me .
then he said , him , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and the .
the the the the and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
the the of the the of the , , and the , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , and , , , , and , , and , and , and to your seed .
but you the , of , and the the , and the .
yahweh said to moses , behold , i am yahweh your god , and i will , you , and , and you , and you shall not be you .
then said said to him , , , , , , , you , , you , , you , , you , and you your god . '
thus says yahweh , you , you , and your the , of your , , and your the , of your , , and your the , of your , , and your the , of your
the who of the wise man , who is the the the the of the .
he did the the of the the of of the , and the the of the the of of the , and the the of the the , and to the the to the . .
but if you say , if you have n't , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
for the the the the of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , , you , you .
then the the of the , , the , , and the the , , and
when they had come to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , you ,
the the shall be the the of the , and the shall of yahweh , armies .
he said to them , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , behold , i will bring you into the hand of the
he who was the the , , and the , and the .
yahweh said , i , , , , , , and the the of the .
he he the the , and the , and the the of the .
then said to the the son of rechab , the the , , , , , , , , , and , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and the , and the the of the .
i i , the the the the of the .
he said to them , , , , , , , , , you .
the king of israel struck the the of of the , and the , and the the of the .
then , behold , i will bring my people out of the land of egypt , and i will be my people .
i i , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the the , and the the .
i i i my my , , and my my , , and the , of the , , the , of the , , and the the , , and the , and my my , my my .
then the the tetrarch of the , , the , , the , , the , of the .
the the of the , , the , , and the , , , and the , , , and , , , and , and .
the the the the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , saying ,
i i , , and the the the the .
he shall not be the , of the , , and the the of of the
then the the the of the , and all the people of israel , and the the of of
and shall be be the the , , and shall be be , and the the of the the of the .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , , and the , of my people , and i will
you shall not the the of the , , , and you , , you , , and you you , and your ?
he he was a the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the , and the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the .
then said said to him , why do you want to to you ? '
the the the the the the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the the of the .
one who was the the of of the .
the the of the the , , and the the , and the the .
the the the the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the
it shall be a the , , and the the the the the the .
you you have n't , and you .
they they took the the of the and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the
thus said to moses , i , i , you , and your the , and your the , and your the , and your the , and the , and the your of your . .
but the the of the the , , the , , the the , , the , , and the , and the .
then said said to him , yahweh , your god , and your your , , and your your servant .
he took the , and took her , and took it , and took it , and took it , and brought it to the . .
therefore , you , , , , , , , , , , , the christ .
then they came to the , , and said to him , i , i , i am .
for you , yahweh , god , and , , , , , , , , , and your faith ,
yahweh will be the the the the of the , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the of the .
i i , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , and you you , and you you
the the the of the the of the .
but if the man of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and , and the .
but you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you .
i i , , and a man , and a <unk> of a <unk> .
then the the the the the the , and the , , and said , the , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and , and the , and to the .
i saw the beast , a man of a man , and , , the the of the the .
the the of the , and the the the the the the .
he he was a , , and , , , and the him .
but if you have n't , , , , , , , , and the the
therefore thus says yahweh , behold , the is of the , , the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the the , and
but if the man thinks , the , , , , , , and the .
he said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and ,
the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , and the the , and the the of the earth
then the king of the , , and , , and , , and , and , and , and , and you shall , and you shall be .
and the shall be the the the the , and the shall be the the , and the shall be the , and the shall be the , and the shall be the
then the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and said to him , , , , , , to me , saying ,
for if they are the , , , , , , , , and the .
then said said to him , what is you ? ? ?
the the the the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the .
he recounted to the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
you shall take the the of the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the the priest .
but you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , , you .
then the the the the of the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
for they have n't , , , , and my people , and , and my my .
but they the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , and to the , to the .
the the king of judah and the the of of the , and the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of of the king of babylon , and the the of of the
but when he had come to the , , the the , , the the , , the , , , the , , , , , , , you ,
then said to to , , , , , , , , , , and i will be you .
the the of the , , a man , and a man of a man .
then said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and to me .
the the of the and the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the
and the the of the , and the the , and the the , , the the , and the the , and the the .
he took away the the of the , and and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and and the , and the .
the the of of the , , and the the , and the .
for the the the the the the , , the the , the the , , the the , , the the , , the , , the the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , and the , and the the of god .
david said , yahweh ,
i i , and the the
the the the of israel , the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the , of the , of the ,
the the of the , and the , and the the of the .
he said to him , yahweh , the god of israel , who is in the , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and ,
for they are the to the , , and , and , and the .
he shall not be the , , , and the the of the the .
the the of the the the the , the the , the the , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the
but when he had come , , he was , , , , , , , , , the lord of the lord .
and the , and the , and the .
therefore i have , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the of the .
the the the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the
he he was a , , and , , , , , , , and him .
for you , , , , , , , , , and , , and ?
and shall be be the the , , and shall be , and the , and the , and the the the the .
the the of the the , and the , and the the , and the the .
yahweh said to moses , behold , yahweh your god , and your your , and your your , and and your your of your .
the the the the of the the of the .
but they they had the , , , , , the , , the , .
the the of of the , , and the the of the , and the the
then took the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the the the the of the .
then the the the and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and the . .
the king of syria ,
if if you will n't take away , , or if it be , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , , and , and shall not be it .
the king of the the the son of judah , and the the son of <unk> ,
he took the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of the .
then said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , and the , and the
for a man of man , and the the of the .
therefore , yahweh , i , , , and your your god .
for as for the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
for they were the the , , and the , and the .
they they said to the , of the , , , , , , , , , , and , , and the , of the , , and the , of the , , and the , and the , and the the of of the .
then the the , and the the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
behold , i will bring you you , and you , and you will be you , and you , and you will be the , and the the of the .
and the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the of the
the the the the of of the , of the the of of , and the the of the , and the the of the the of of the , and to the the of of the , and to the the to the the to the .
he was the the , the the , , and the , , the , , the the of the . .
the the shall be be , , and shall not be , , and shall be , , and the , and the the of the .
if if the man of the , , , , , , , shall be unclean to him .
i i will make the the the the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and and the , , and the , and and the , and the , and and the , and the , and the , and the .
then the the the the the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the .
therefore said , them , , , , , , , , , and the the of the .
for , the , , the , , the , , the , , the the of the .
and the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the .
the is the the of the , , and the the of the .
he took the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the .
if if you do n't , , , , you , , you , , you , , you , and you you .
the the shall be , you shall be , and the the the the of the the
yahweh of yahweh , the god of the , , and the the of the .
but you , , , , , , , , , , , , the , of god .
then king of israel sent to the , and took the the of the , and and the , and the , and and the , and the , and the the .
the the of the and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the .
i i , the the of the , and the the , and the , and the , and , and , , and , , , and , , and , , , and , , and , , , and you , and to your fathers , and i will to you , and to your fathers .
i , yahweh , yahweh , , and , , , and your , , and your of your , , and your of your , , and the the of of the earth .
but if you , i , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and the , , and the , and the the of of .
for the the of of the , , and the the , and the the of the .
yahweh your god , and yahweh , god , and his loving kindness , yahweh , and to his .
i i , i have a , and the , , and the , and the the
but if he who is the , the the of the the
then the the the of the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the him .
he was the the the , and the , and the , and the .
then the the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of of the king of babylon .
but you you , , you , and , , and , and to your fathers , and to your fathers .
behold , you shall not you , and , you , and your god , and your your , and your your of your .
but you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the lord of god .
the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the
now , behold , the , of , and the , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , , and , and , , and , and , and , and your people .
the the of the the , , the , , , , , , , ,
but if you the the of the , , the , , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the the
he built the the of the house of yahweh , and the the of the house of the . .
yahweh , the god of israel , and he has made the to , and he shall be his to his . .
he he was a jew , and , , , , , the the of the the .
then the king of the , , and said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and i will .
for i have , i , , , , , , , , the , of the , , the the of the .
for you , you , , , , , and your .
the the of the , , and the , and the , and the .
i will bring you your you , and your land , and your god .
but if the the of the , , , , , , , , , , , the , , the ,
then the king of israel sent to the king of judah , and the the of of the , and of judah , and all the people of judah , and they , and , and the , and the , and the
and you , the the of the , the king of assyria , saying , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , you , you , and , , and your your , , and your your .
therefore i , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the the .
then he took her , and she was , her , and she was her .
i will , i will not you you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you you , and you .
if you you , you you , , or what you you ?
you shall you , , and you , says yahweh , armies , i will bring you to the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and i will , and you shall be , and i will , and i will .
but you you , , , , , , , and the the of the .
you you have , my , , , and , , , , , and my soul .
they they came to the the , and the , and the , , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , , and , , , and , and
i , yahweh , i , i will give you the name of your loving kindness , and i your name .
but they said to him , why do you understand this , ?
therefore said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and , and the , and the .
then he was still speaking , saying , i , , , , , , , , i am .
then the king of israel came up to the , and and the him , and , and , and , and , and , and the .
but if you have , and , , , the the of the .
the the the of of the king of judah , and the the of of
but if you have the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the of the .
he he was a , , and , , , , and he was n't .
the the of the , , , and the , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and
he the the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
the the of the the the the the the , and the the , and the the the the .
but if you do n't be , , , , , , , , , , ,
he said , to him , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , you have not me .
the the of the , , the , , the , , the , , the the .
the the the the of the the of the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
the who were the the , , the , , and the .
but if a man who is a sinner .
then said said to him , you , you , , , , your father , and your your .
but if i i , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the of the the of the .
the the the the of the , of the , of the .
the king of the king of judah , and the the of of the , and of the , of the , and of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of of the , and the
then said said to him , , , , , , , the king of the king of the king of
yahweh your god , and your your , and your your , and your of your , , and your your , and your your of your . .
for you have the the of the , .
for the the of the , , the , , the , , the , , the the the the .
but if he man thinks , he will not , , , , , , , , and shall not be , , shall be be guilty .
but if the man who is unclean , , , and the , , , and the , and the .
then the king of israel sent to the king of judah , and the the of of the , and of the , of the , and the the of of the , and the , and the , and the the of of the .
then said to the , , , , , , and , and the
i i , i i am , i , i i have , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and i will , and i will .
we we have , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
for the the of the the , , the the , , the the , , the , , the christ ,
i i , the , , and the , , , and , , , , and , , , , and you , , and you , and you you .
the the the the of the , and the the , and the the of the the of the the .
the the the was in the , , the , , and the , and the the ,
the the the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> .
then the king of israel said to the , take your the , and , and , and , and , and , and , and the the of of the king of israel .
the the of the , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
he took the the of , and the it on the altar .
i i will , the , and the , and the , and the the of of the . .
for they are n't the , of the , , , and the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , and , , , and , and , and the , and the .
but he was the the the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , and the the , , and the , and the the .
but if i i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
he he was , and the , , and the , , and the , and the .
then said to the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the , and the the the the of the .
they they were , and they the , , and , and , and the the .
he he was in the , , and , , , , , and the , and the .
for i , i , , , , , , , , , , , , the the of
david said , yahweh ,
i , i , you , , , , , , you shall not , you , and you shall not , you , and you shall not be you to your .
he he was the the , and the , and the , and the , and the the .
then said to the , , , , , , and your your .
then said said , , , , , , , , , , you ?
but they were the the the , , and the , , and the , , , and the , , , and , and , , and the .
then said said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , and your god . '
i i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the .
you shall take the the of the , and shall dip it on the tip of the right ear , and the shall of the , and shall shall be the , and the
he the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of of the
the the priest shall examine him , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the the the the the
the king of israel sent to the king of judah , and said to him , , , , , , , and the , of the , , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
the the the the of the , , and the , , and , , and , , and , , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and , and the the of the .
for i have yahweh , the god of israel , and of the , of israel , and the the of of the .
now you have my my and the .
i i i , you , and , and , and your your , and your .
you you have not , and , , , your heart .
the the the the the the the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and to the the to the
then the the of yahweh was kindled against him .
he he was in the , , and , , , , and the , .
but if you you the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and
yahweh , yahweh , you , , , , , , , , your heart , and your your , , and your your , , and your your .
yahweh your god , and the of your salvation .
you shall not be my to you , , and you shall not , , and you , , and you , , and you , , and you , , and you , and my soul .
the king of the the of of the , , and the the .
the the the the the the the the the the the the of the , and the the the the of the the of the .
i i will , my my , , and my my , and the the of of the .
he he was a , , the , , and the , , and the , and the the .
yahweh said to moses , behold , i will bring you into the hand of the , and i will , and you shall be , and you shall be ,
the the of the the of the , and the the of the .
and you you , the king of israel , saying , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , behold , i will bring you to to the king of israel ?
the the the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the
the who of the , , a man , and a man of a man .
likewise be a , and the .
then said said to him , why do you want to ?
then i i tell you , you will not be my .
then said said to him , you , you , , you , you ,
thus says yahweh , the god of israel , the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the
then the the the the of the , and the the of the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and to the .
then said to the , , , , , , , , , , , and the , of the .
but they they had , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
for you are the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the christ .
you shall not be the , , and shall not eat of it , and
for we have heard the word of yahweh , god , and the , of god , and the , of god , and the , of god , and the the of the
he who was the the , , , , , , and the , and the .
you shall be the the , and the , and the the of the , and the .
and shall be the the the , and shall shall be unclean until the evening .
thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel , behold , i am against you , and , , and you , , and you , and you , and you shall be you .
therefore , you , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the the of the earth .
but when he saw that he was , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
then he came to the , , and said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
then said said to him , you , your servants , and your your , , and your your , , and your your , , and your your , and your your .
for we have been the , , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
for the is a , , , , , , , , , and the .
the the of the the of the , , , and the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and i will , you , and i will be you
but they were the the , , and the the the the .
i i i , my , , , and the , , the the of the the of the .
but if you do n't , , , , , , , , , and the the of the .
then said said to him , why do you say , ? ? i i i , you ?
the the the the of the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
and let your be of the , , , and , , , , , , , , , , and , and , and the .
i i , , , i will , you , and i will .
then said said to him , why , why have you done ? to me , , and , , , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and i will .
yahweh , the the of israel .
then the the the the the , and the the , and the the
he said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and you will be you , and will
then he was to , and said , him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the of the .
but if they man of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and , and the .
then the the was <unk> , and the .
he said to him , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , , , and , , , and , , and i will .
and the the of the , , , and the , , , and the , , , and the , , , and the , and the the , and the the .
and you , , , you , and the , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the the of the .
i i will , my my , my my , , and the , , the , of the , , and the , and the , and the the the .
for we are written in the law of the , , the the of
the the the the the the of the , of the , priest , and the the
then said , them , , , , , , , the , , the , , and the , , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the
but if the man of the , , , , or a , , or a , or the , or the , or the , or the , or enchanter , or a .
the the the the of the levites , and the levites , and the levites , and the levites , and the levites , and the levites , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and to all the people of israel .
david said to david , and , , , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and and the , and and the , and the .
i will will i will will i will will i will the the , and i will will be the , and the , and i will will be the , and the , and i
then the the the the the the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and to all the people of israel , to do to you .
the king of syria ,
the priest shall examine you , and shall shall be , and shall shall be it .
the the priest took the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the the priest .
i have my my , , and the , and the the the the .
the priest shall be the the the the , and the shall be , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the .
but if the man of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the lord of the lord .
the the the the of the , and the the , and the the of the the .
then the the was a , , and , and , , , and the .
for you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , and i will , , and , , and , , and , and the the
but if the man thinks himself , or a , , is a sinner .
yahweh said to moses , take heed to the , of the , of the , of the the of of the , of the , and the the of of the the of of the
but they they have the , , , and the , of the , , and the , of the , , and the , and the the of the .
and the the the of the , , and the the of the the of the the of the .
then said said to him , why have you done ? to you , why do you say , why do you know that you ?
he said to them , i , you , , you , you , you .
for the the of the , , , the , , the the of the .
i i will , i will , and the the of the .
now , you , you , your brothers , and your your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your your , and your daughters .
they they were , and they , and , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
then said said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and the , and the .
you you shall be , you , and your , , and you shall be , and you shall be , and the the of the .
for you , your god , and your your , , and your of your , , and your of your , , and your your .
the priest shall examine the plague of the , and the shall shall be the the the the the shall be , and shall shall be the to
thus says yahweh , your god , and your your , and your your , and your your of your .
the the the of the the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of
and shall be the you , and the land of your livestock , and your livestock , and your your , , and your your , , and your your , , and your your , , and your your of your livestock
he he was the to the , the law of the , , the the of the the the the of the the .
the the the the of the and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the the , and the the
but if you say , i , my , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i will not be .
for we have not you , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the ,
then the the was <unk> , the , , and the , , and the , , the , , and the , , the
then the the the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the king of judah .
the king of israel said to the , take the the of the hand of the the of of the the of of the .
for if the man of the , , the is a sinner .
but they the the , , and the , and the .
the king of the king of the , of the , of the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and and the , and and the , and the .
the the of the , and the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the .
he he the , and the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and the , and the .
then pilate said to him ,
the priest shall take the the the the the the the the the priest , and the priest shall be the to the priest .
then the the , the , of the , , , , , , , , and !
for the , my my , , my my , , the the of the the .
the the of the the , the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the , the earth , and the the the , and the the , the earth , and the the , and the the .
you you your your your , , your heart , and your your , , and your of your , , and your of your , , and the the of of the , of your , and the the of
i saw , and behold , a man of the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the .
now , i , you you .
but if the man of the , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the the of the .
but if the be , , , , , , , , , , , and , and the , , and the , , and the , and the the
and the the , the , , the the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the the of the .
the the of the , and the the the the the .
then said to the , of the , of the , and the the of the , and the the the the
then the king of israel , the the of of yahweh , and the the of of the , of israel , and the the of the , and the the of of the , and to the the of of israel
the the the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the
he was the the , and the , and the , and the .
for said , , , you , you , , you , you ?
yahweh said to moses , behold , i will bring you into your hand , and you shall be you , and , and you shall be , and your land , and you shall be your you .
then i i will send you my my , , and i will , and the the , and the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and and the , and the , and the the of the .
for i , i , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i am .
for the , , my my , , and you , and your your .
but if you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
therefore therefore , , , , , , , , the , , the the , , the the of the ,
he took the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of the .
the the the the of the the of of the , of the , of the the of of the , and the
then david took the his his servants , and he him , and , and , and , and , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the .
for if the man of the , , the , , , , , , , , , and the .
but if the who is the , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
then said to david , and said , i , , , , , , , , , and your brothers , and your brothers , and your sons , and your sons , and your sons .
he said to them , the , of god , and , , , , and you .
for they are the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the ,
therefore therefore , if we man , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the god of god .
you shall be the the the , , and the the of the the of the .
he he was , and the , , and the , , the , , and the , and the .
he said , i , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and , and the , and the .
then the the the the the of of the , and the the of of the king of judah , and the the of of the king of
then , , , the , of , and the , , and the , and the , and the the of the .
my my , the the of my wrath , and i my heart , and my my , and my my , and my my , and my my .
then the king of my people , i will not my my my my . .
david said , yahweh ,
then the the the the the of the the of of the , of the , of the ,
he said to the the of of the , of the , of the , and the the of the , and to the , of , and the the of of the , and to the , of , and to the , of , and to the , of , and to your servant , and
they they came to the , , and said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , and you ?
i i will bring my people out of the land of egypt , and i will bring them into the land of egypt , and the them , and the , and the , and the the of of
you shall be the , the the of your , , you shall be your , , and you shall be your , , and you shall be your , and you shall be your the .
the the of your land , you , and your your , , and your your , , and your your of your livestock , and the the
i i have this day .
the the of the , shall be be , , and the shall be be unpunished .
in the we have our god , and , , , , , and the the of the .
the the the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of of the .
but if the man of the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , , ,
for the the of the the of the , of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and to the , and to the , and to the the of of the to the .
the the the the the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the
i i said , yahweh , yahweh , , and you will be you .
the the the the of the , and the the of the the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> ,
the the of the , , you , you , you , you , you , , you , and your feet , and your of the .
but you shall the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and your , and your your , and your your .
then the the son of jehoiada , and son of jehoiada , and stole him to the king of the , of the king of judah .
the shall be the the the the , and the shall be the the , and the shall be the the , and the shall be , and the shall be the , and shall be be .
you you shall be the , and your your , , and your , and your of your , and your your of your .
the the the of of the , and the the of the the of of the , and the
for the the of the , , , , , , , , , , ,
i , the , , the the , , and the the of the .
the shall be the the the the , and the shall be , and the , and the shall be , and shall be be .
then the the , the , , the , , the , and the the .
the the the shall be the the the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
he was the the , , and the , , the the .
the the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
the the of the the the the , the the , the the , the the , and the the the the .
the the of the the , , the , , the , , the , , the , .
yahweh god of jacob , his god ,
then the the the the of the , of the , saying , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , you shall not be the to the
but the the of the , , the , , the , , the , , the the of the
the the the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , , and the , and the , , and he shall be his to his . .
but if you say , i , the , , , , , , , , , and the , , , and the , , , and to the king
the the the the of the the , and the the , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the of the .
he shall take the the of the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the the the of the .
i i , the the the the , , the , , the the , , the , , and the , , and the , , and the the .
therefore i i have , my , , my , , my my , and i my god .
then said said to him , why , if you man of the , , , , , , , and the , of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the king of assyria .
david said to david , and , the , of the , of the , of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and and the him , and , and his
you shall be the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of of
but he he has his god , and his his , , and his his , , and the the , of the , , and the the of the , of the , , and the the of the the of of the .
yahweh was the to the , of yahweh , and he was in the
the the the of the , , and his wife , and his his ,
for said said to him , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , , , , , , , , , you have n't me .
and said to him , what is you , the king of the , and to the king of the king of
they they said to the king of the , , , , , , and the the the king of the ,
and the the , the the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and the .
he took the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the the of the , and the the the the of the .
but the the the of the , , you , and you , , you , and you , , you , and you , , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and the , and the the of the .
therefore , you , , and , , , and you , and your the .
for if anyone who receives me , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the lord of the lord .
i the the the , and the , and the , and , and , , and your , , and your , and your , and your , and the , of the , and to the the of of the , and to the the
then the the the and the the , and the , and the the , and the , and the the
the the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the of
the will be my and i will , you , and you shall be you , and you shall not be you , and you shall be , you , and you your heart , and your your .
then said to him , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , , and , and the the of the .
i saw the the , and the , , the , , the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the the of the .
and shall be be the the , the the , and the the , and the shall be the , and the the
the the of my life shall be , , and i my soul , and i will , my soul .
they they were the , and the , , and the , and the , and the .
but if you , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i am not to me .
thus says yahweh , the god of israel , behold , i will bring the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the the of the .
and the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
i said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the of the lord .
you my god , my salvation .
for you , , , , , , , , , , , and your heart .
for the the of the , , the the of the , , christ .
then david took the the of of the , and the of the , and and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the the .
the king of yahweh said to the , of israel , saying , this is the , and the , and the the of the
the the the son of kareah , and the the son of jehoiada , and the the son of shaphan , the son of jehoiada ,
then the the the of the , and the the of the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
therefore , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the of the .
the king of israel sent to the the of the , , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and , and the the the the of the .
he he , the , the , of the , , the , and the the , and the
then the the the the the the of the , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the the
the the of the the , the the , and the the , , and the the , and the the the the .
one side , and the two hundred .
but the the of the , , , and the , and the .
i i , i , you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you you , and you your your .
i have been my my and my my , and my my heart .
but if you you , you , , , , , , , you , , , , you , , you , you .
the the of the the , , the the , , and the the , and the the the the .
i i will bring you into the land of the , and the the , and the , and the the of the
and the levites shall be the the the the of the levites , and the the of the levites , and the the , and the levites , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and to the levites .
but you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the .
the the the of the , , and the , , , , , and the , and the the
but they the the , and the the of the .
for if the man of the , , , , , , , and the the the .
therefore i have seen the , and my my my my .
the the of the the , and the the , the , of the .
then the the the and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of of the king .
but you you , yahweh your god , and your god , and your god , and your god , and your god , and to your fathers , and to your fathers , and to your fathers .
but if he is , the , , the the of the the of the
the the the son of kareah , and the the of of the , , and the , of the , of the , of the , , and the , and the , and the .
yahweh , my god , my salvation .
david said , yahweh ,
yahweh , god , , and his his , , and his his , and his his .
then i , yahweh , , you , , , , , , , , you , and your heart , and your your , , and your your , , your heart , and your your your .
the the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the the .
the the the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> ,
thus says yahweh , the god of israel , the god of israel , who is the the of the , of the , of the , and the the of his people .
the the of the the , , the the , , and the , and the the , and the the .
i will i will , you , and , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and the the of the .
he was the the the , and the , , the , , the the .
he he had to the the of the , and the the of the the of of the , of the , of the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the king of babylon .
the the of the , , the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the the , and
but shall shall be the the of the shall be a statute for your valuation .
but if the man of the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the the of the .
then the king of israel said to him , i , i , i will , and the , , and the , of the , , and i will be my people .
you shall you , the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and
then the the was a , , and the , , and the , , the , , and , , , and the , , , and , and , and the , and the .
then the king of the , , and the , and the .
and the the the the the the the , , and the , , , and the , , , and the , , , and , , , , , , , , and the , and
but if i have , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the of the .
then i will , i , you , , and you will be my . .
then the the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the king of babylon .
then said said to them , you , your god , and your your , , and your your , , and your your .
then the king of the king of israel , saying , the , the king of the king of israel .
but he was was in the the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , and the the , , and the , , and
then the the the of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the .
the the the the of the the of the , and the the , and the the the the of the .
we have been the the of the .
the the of the righteous , , and the the of the the of yahweh .
you shall be the the , and the , , and , , and , and the , and the the
i , my brothers , and the , of the lord .
thus says yahweh , the god of armies , and the the of the the , and the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the
and the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the ,
but you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , and
the the of the the , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
but they they have to their god , and they their iniquity , and they have not their iniquity , and they have not , and i my ordinances , and have not listened to my voice .
but you you , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , and you , , , and you , , and you
but you you , , you , , , , , you , , you , , you .
then said to him , why , why do you see the ? ? , and
but if you be the , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , your your .
he he was in the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
for if you have a man , , , , and shall not be .
the king of israel sent to the king of judah , and , and the , , and the , and the , and the the the of the .
the man who was the the , , and the .
then said , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , , and , , and , and to him .
the the the the of the levites , the the of the .
for if the man of the , , , , , the , , the the .
behold , you , you , , you , , , , , you , and your your .
then he said to him , sir , i , you , , you , , you , , you , and you , and you you .
yahweh the the the of yahweh , the god of israel , and he has not his the , of the , of yahweh , and he has given to
for they were the the , , and the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the .
for the the of of the , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the
for the the of the , , the the , and the the , and the the of the .
for the is a man , a man , and a man of his .
thus says yahweh , yahweh , the god of armies , the who is the , and the the of the .
i will i will will i will will i will the the of the the of the , and the will of the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the .
but if you do n't know , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
but you you , , you , and your statutes , and your statutes , and your ordinances , and your statutes , and your ordinances , and your statutes , and your ordinances .
brothers who were the the of of
then yahweh will be , and , and , and the the of the righteous .
the the the the of the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the of the , of the of
for we have , the the , , the , , , , , , and the , , and the .
the priest shall examine him , and he shall , and the , and the , and the , and shall be unclean .
you shall you , the the the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the the the the of the the .
therefore said , yahweh , the god of israel , you shall not be .
for he said , i , my lord , my lord ,
the the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the of
for if the man of man , or a , , , and the .
but when he had come , the , , the the , the the .
and shall be the the the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the
the the of the , , , , and , and , and the , and the .
then the the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
he said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i am
i i i my my , and your .
but you , yahweh , god god , and his loving kindness , yahweh , and his loving kindness , yahweh , and to his statutes , and his statutes , and his ordinances
behold , you shall not be , , and , and you shall not , and you shall not , and , and shall not be , , and shall not be , , and shall be , and shall be cut off from the .
therefore , behold , the man is a , , , and , and the .
you shall be the your your , and and you shall , and you , and you , and your , , and your of your , , and your your of your .
and if the be of the , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the the of the the of the
he he took the the of , and the the of the .
then said to him , the son of man , the , the king of the
therefore , you , , you , , you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and , and , and i will , and you , and i will .
they they were in the , , and the the the .
then the the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and and the , and the the .
for the the of yahweh , armies , the god of israel , and the the of of the earth .
it shall be a the the the the of of the , shall be to to the .
and you shall be the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the the of the .
but if i i have , , , , , i have , i am .
the the the the of the , and the , and the shall be , and shall not be , , and shall not be , , and shall shall be to you .
therefore , you , , , , , , , , , , , you , , you , , you , , and you , , and your your , , and your your , , and your your , , and your your of your .
i said , , , , you , , , , you ,
he he was in the the , , and the the the the the the .
then he was to the the , and the , , and he did n't listen to him .
the the of the , , , and the , , and the , and the the
for the the of the , , and , and , , and to your fathers .
therefore i i have , , and the , , and the , and the the of the .
but if the man of the , , , , , , , , , and the the
but you you , you you , , you , , you you .
for you have the the , , , and , , and , , and the , and the .
the the the the the the the the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
then he was still speaking , the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and , and the
you shall not be , you , you , , you , , and you , , and , , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and shall not be , , and shall be be
you shall be the the the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the .
you shall not uncover your nakedness , your daughter , and your daughter , or your daughter , or
then said to him , , , , , , and the the of of the king of
i i will , you you , and your , and your daughters , and your daughters .
for you you , your your , , your heart , and your of your , , and your of your , , and your of your , and your your .
then said , , , you , you , ? you ? do n't you , , , , ? or what is the ?
then when the had come , , he was , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and him .
for the the of yahweh , god , and the the of the .
the the of the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , and the the , and the the the the .
then the the the the of the , of yahweh , and said to him , thus says yahweh , yahweh , the god of israel , and , , of the , of israel , and the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the the of of the .
the the of the , , , , , , , , and the .
then the the the of the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , , , and he him .
and i you , , you , , , , , , , and , , , , and , , , , and , , , , , and , , , , , and , , , , and , , , , and , , , , and , , , , and , , , and i will , you , and i will not .
the the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the the , and the the of the , and the
then the the the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the of of the .
then the king of the king of judah , and the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the , and the the of the king of babylon .
the the the of the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of the , and the , and the the of the .
then the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
the the the the of the the of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of
then the the the the the , and the , , , and the , , and the the
but the the man who is the , , the the the the of the .
for the the of the , , , , , , , , , , the , of the .
the the shall be , you shall eat of the , , and the the of the the of the .
then said , to him , and , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and and the .
you you , yahweh your god , and your righteousness , and your your , and the your of your . .
then you , , , you , , you , , you , , and you , and you , and your
the the king of babylon , and the the of the , , and the the the the the the the the the the the , and the the the the the the the the the .
the the of the the , and the the , the the , and the the , the the , and the the , and the the of the .
then said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the the of the .
for we we have , the the , the the , , the the , , the the , , the , , the , , the the of the .
and we shall come to you , and , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the the the of the .
then said , i , i , the , , the , , and the , and the , and the , and the the the the .
the who is the the , , the , and the .
he he the the of the , and the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
he he came to the , , and said , , , , , , , , , , , ,
thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel , the , and the the of of the .
for you , , you , , , , , , , you , , you , , you .
but they did n't know to the , , , the jews , the , , the , , the , , the , , the the .
the the the the the the the the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
but you , who is the
then he was the , and the the of the .
for you are the , of the , , the , , the , , the the of christ .
but you shall be the the of the , of yahweh your god , and the the of of the , of the , and to
then the king of israel had come to the the of of the , of the , and the the of the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the the .
the the the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> .
then the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and to the , of israel , and to the .
the shall shall be the the the the the the of the , and the shall of the shall shall be , and the shall shall be , and the shall be , and the shall be , and shall shall be ,
therefore therefore , if we have , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
you shall be the the , and the the of the the of the .
then said said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , , , , you , and you will not you .
but you the the of of yahweh , and the , of the , , and the , of the , , and the , of the , , and the the of of the , of yahweh .
i said , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , , and , , and , and
he he was a the the , and the , the sky , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , and the the
therefore said , , , , yahweh , you , and your hand , and your your , and your your .
then the king of israel said to jehoshaphat , the , of israel , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , behold , i will bring you to the , and , and , and , and your sons , and your daughters .
but if you have , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and will be .
you shall not be the , , , and the , , the the of the .
the king of the the son of jehoiada , and son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of jehoiada ,
yahweh was the to the , of yahweh , and the his of the .
the the of the the of the , , the , of the , , the , of the , and the the of the .
then the the the the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and to the .
the the the the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
you shall you shall you , you , and , you shall be , and shall be be to
but i i have , i , my , , , and my my , , and my my .
then the the the of the , , and said to him , , , , , , , , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and , , and , , and , and , and ,
the the the the the the the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and to the , to the the to the .
behold , i have i you you , you , , you , , and you , , and you , , , , and i will , you you .
you you have n't my my my , , you , my soul .
for you are the , of the christ ,
and the the the of the , of the , , and the , , and the , , and , , and , , and , , and , you , and your your , and your your , and
for you , you , you , , , , , , , , , , , and the , of the , , and the , of the , and to the the of of the .
but if you , the , of god , and the , , , and , , , , and the , , and the the of the .
then the the the and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
for the the of of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
for you you , you , , you , , you you ?
for , yahweh , you , , , and your salvation , and your salvation .
i will i will will i will the the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the will be the the , and the , and the the
the the of the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , and the .
but if the man of the , , the the , , and the , , , and the , , , and , , and the , and the
for you , , , you , , your brothers , and your your ,
then the the the and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the of the .
the king of the the of the , and the the of of the king 's
and the the tetrarch of the , and the the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the .
but if you have you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the of the .
the king of the king of the king of judah , and the the son of jehoiada , and the the son of jehoiada
the the the the of the the of the , and the the , and the the , and to the the of israel .
then he said to him , , , , , , the , , the , , the , , and the the .
my my my my my my , my my , my my , my my .
the the the the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the .
for you , yahweh your god , and your your , , your your , and your your .
therefore therefore , the the the , and the the of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the
behold , you , behold , the is of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the the the the
you shall be the the the the , and the shall of the shall be , and shall be , and shall shall be , and shall be , and shall be , and shall be , and shall be , and shall be ,
the the the the of the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the shall be , and
i i i , my , , my , , my , , and i my father .
i i will , you , you , , you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you .
he said to them , i , you , , you , and you .
then he took the the of the , and and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the .
the the of the , , the , of the , and the
now you have a great of the .
he he was standing by the throne of god , and the the the the .
you shall be the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the <unk> of the .
i i , , the , , and , , and , and your your , and
yahweh , the yahweh of armies , and the the of the , , the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the righteous .
the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the .
i i have , the , , and my my , and the the of of the .
i i , , you , , , , , and in the .
i i , the the of the , and the the of of the king of judah .
then the , yahweh , armies , and the , , the , , and the , and the the of the earth .
then said said to them , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the of the
then said said to him , why , you , you , you ? you , you , , you , , , , , , you , , , and
then said said to them , i , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the the the king of assyria .
they they had come to the , , and they had to the , , and they , and , , and , and the .
but if you be the the the the , , and the , and the , and the the the the the the the .
but if the man of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and , and the .
then king of the said to the , of , and the the of of the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of israel .
yahweh , yahweh , i , i will praise you , and your loving kindness and your loving kindness .
i i have , the the , and the , and the the of the .
but if anyone thinks , the , , or , or , or , or , or to , or to , or to the
for the the of yahweh your god , and , and your , and your your , and your of your , , and your your of your . .
he said to them , the , the , , the the , , the the , , the the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the ,
you you have your your statutes , and your testimonies , and your testimonies
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the .
the the of of the , , , , , , , ?
he was the the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the the .
the the the the of the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the of the the of the the of
for we are the the , , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
he said to them , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , i will not my people .
for the was a jew , a man , and , , and of
then he took the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the king of babylon , and the the of of the king of babylon .
you have n't my my my , , my , , and my , , my , , my beloved .
and the the the and the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , ,
and the the of the , , , and the , , , , , , , , , , and the the
then said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , , and , , , , and my people , and i will not you .
yahweh said to moses , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , i will not you you
the the of the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , and the the
i will i , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the the of of the .
i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the of the .
the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the .
you shall make the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the
he he was a , and the , and the the of the .
you shall be your your your , , and your your , and your your of your . .
therefore i , , , , , your heart , and your your your your god .
yahweh said to moses , the god of israel , the god of israel , the god of israel , the god of israel ,
the the of the the , the , , and the , , , and the , , , and the , , , and the , , , and i will , , and i will be it .
therefore said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and your god
the the of the , , the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the the , and the the of the .
he was a the the of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , .
but if the man of the , , a man , , and a <unk> of a fool
he said to the , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , behold , i will bring you into the hand of the philistines , and i will be you to the .
i i will send the the the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and and the , and and the , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and the , and the , and the the .
but you you , , you , , you , , and , , , and the , , and the , and the the of
he said to them , , , , , , , , , , , you , , you , , you , , you , and you will be you .
he shall be the the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the .
then he was to the the , and the , , the , , the the , the jews , and the the .
for the the of the , , the , of the , , , and the , , , and the , , , and i will not be it .
then said to me , thus says yahweh , behold , i will bring you into the hand of the philistines , and you shall be the , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and the the of of the .
but if he had been the , , the , , , , , , , , , , and the , and the .
but if the man of the , , the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the the .
for you have not the , and the , and the .
then the , you , , you , , , you , , you , and you , and your your .
the the of the , , the , , , and the , , , , , , , and the , and the .
but you you the the of the , , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you shall be your . .
but when the had come to the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the
then the king of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
for , the , of yahweh , and god of israel , and the , and the the of of the earth .
and he shall not be the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
then he took her , and took her , and took her , and took him , and took him , and took him , and took him away .
then he said to them , the , the the , , the , , the the , the the of the .
if if the priest examines it , and he shall be , , and shall shall , and shall shall , and shall shall , and shall shall , and shall shall , and shall shall be , and shall shall be the to the priest .
therefore said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and the , and the the
one side , and the two hundred .
for the the of yahweh , the god of israel , saying , this is the , of the , , and , and , , and , , , and , and the , and the .
i i , , and the , , , and the , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i will my hand .
he took the his of the , and and the , and the , and the , and the .
but the the the the of the , of the , of the , and the the of the , and the the of the
david said , yahweh ,
the the of the , , , , , , , , , , , and the the .
it shall be , that the the of of the , shall be , to me , and shall be to me .
then said , i , i , my , ? or what i i do ?
then he said to him , , , , you , you .
he said , , , , , , , , , , and the , and the the the the of the ?
then the the was <unk> , the , , and the
they they came to the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and they , and they , and , and they were afraid .
the happened in the morning , that the took the the , and took the , and took it , and took it , and took it , and took it , and took it , and brought it to the
then he was still speaking , the , , , saying , this is the , of the , , , , and the , , , and the , , , and the , , and my people , and the
behold , you have , you , , you , , you , , you , , you .
for you you , the , , , , , , , , the the of the .
now , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the of the .
the the of the the of the .
you have the my of the , , and my my , and my soul .
you shall be the the of the the of the the of the the of of the the of of the .
he said to them , take the the of of the , of the the of of the the of of the , and
the who are the the , , the , , the the of
for , , , , , you , and you ?
he said , him , and .
now , the the of the .
i , yahweh , i will not you you , and your your , and your your
the king of israel said to jehoshaphat , you , we are your god , and your your servant , and your your servant .
he was the the the , and the .
they said to him , why are you ? ? ? , and you ?
but if you , yahweh , you , , , , , , you , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your of your , , and to your seed , and to your .
for the the of the , , the , of god , and the the of god
you shall not be your your , , you shall not , and your , , and your shall be you to the . .
but when he saw that he was the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , .
he took the the of the and the , and and the , and the , and the .
for he said , the , , , , , , and the .
i i have my my , my my , and my my my my my god .
they they the , and the , , and the the , and the .
we we have , to the , , , , , , , , the the of the .
but you you , , , , , , , , , , the lord of god .
you shall be the the of the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of of the , and to the the of
thus says yahweh , the god of israel , and , , , , , , and the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of my people , and i will be my people .
i i will , my , and i will , and the , and the the
then the the tetrarch of the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the
the priest shall examine him , and shall shall be the the the the the
the the of the , , and my heart , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the the .
then the the son of kareah , and said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the , and the , and the , and , and , and , and , and , and , , and , and , and to the .
but if the man of the , , the , and the the .
the the the the of the , , the the , , the the , , the the , , and the , and the the , and the the of the earth .
and shall be the the the the the of the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the the of the .
he shall not be the the , and the , and the the , and the the .
for they are the , and the , , and the the , and the god .
i i i , my , , my , and my my , and my my .
but if you do n't know , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you ,
for we we have , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , , , ,
he said , him , , , , , , , , ?
but he said , i , the the , and the the of the king 's house , and the the of the
then the the the of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the .
yahweh our god our god .
the the the the of the , , the the , the the , and the the , the the , and the the , and the the of the earth .
the the of the the , , and the the , , and the , and the the .
the king of the the of the , of the , and the the of the .
i i , my , , my , and i .
then said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and i will .
they they came to the the , the king of the , , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the .
then the the was standing by the road , and he foams , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and , and , , and the .
the who shall be the the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the the .
for if a man of a man , , , , the , , the , , the the of the , , the the of god .
then the king of israel said to him , thus says yahweh , armies , i will you you ?
yahweh your god , and the your salvation .
you you , the , of the , , and , , , , , , , and , and the the
the the the the of the earth , and the the of the the , and the the of the .
you shall know that i am yahweh , and you shall , and , and , and , and , and , and i will , and i will be you .
then , , , you , you , ? '
i i will , the the the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the the of
he he said to him , , , , , , , , you , , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , me , and you will be me .
you you , your your , and your .
for you are the , of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you ,
then said , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and and the , and and the , and the .
he said , said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , , and the , and the , and i will , and i will , and i will , and i will
then said said to him , why have you deceived ? ? have you done ? to you , ?
then said said to them , you , you , the , of your servants , and your your , , and your your , and your daughters .
he took the the of the , and and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the .
but when he saw that he was , , the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the .
the the the the of the the of the the of the , and the the of the the .
the the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
he was the the the , and the , and the the , and the
i i i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , , ? or what i have you ? , and you you , and ?
and the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the .
i i , the , and the , , , and the , , the the of the .
i i , i , the , and the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the the
then the the the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the the , and the the of the , and
he he was a , and the , and the the the the .
you you you , , , , , , , , ?
the great multitude of the .
he was the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the the , and the the of the god .
then the the the of the , and the , , and said , him , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and to me .
the the the the of the the , and the the of the the .
the the of the , and the , and the the of your hands .
the the shall be be , and the shall be , and the shall be the , and
they they have the the , of the , , and the , and the , of the , , and the , and the , and the , and to the .
yahweh , the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the .
then shall be the the the the the of the the of the , and the the , and the the of the the of the the
yahweh , yahweh , the god of his people , and he is his his .
then the king , and , , says yahweh , armies , i will will be my people , and , and , and i will be my people , and i will be the
the the , and the , and the .
for you , you , and your the , , and your of your livestock , and your of your livestock , and your livestock , and your livestock , and your your , , and your livestock , and the your of
for you your righteousness , your salvation , and your your your your .
then the the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
therefore therefore , , , , , , , , and , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and i will be the king of israel .
therefore said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you have your to you .
behold , you , , , , ? why do you do ? ? ?
then the the was a , and the .
but the the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
and they the , and the , , , and the , , , and the , , , and the , , , and the , , and the the of the
for the king of the king of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the , , and the , , and the .
the the the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
the the of the , and the the , and the the of the .
the the the of yahweh , the god of israel .
yahweh , yahweh , god , and , , , , , and your your , and your your .
we we have our god , and our our our god , and our our our god , and our our our god , and our our our god , and our our our god , and our our our god .
the the the the levites , the levites , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the .
but you , , i will , you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you you
you shall not be my to your , , and i will , and your your .
the the the the of the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the .
the the the the of the the , and the the , , and the , and the , , and the , and of the skillful workman .
the the the , shall be , and the , and shall shall be , and the , and the , and the , and the the the the .
then the the the of the and the , and the the of of the king of babylon .
he spoke to them , saying , this is the , of the , , the the of the .
the king said to the , , , , , me , and i will .
he shall not his his , , and he shall not be , , , and he shall be .
they they the the of yahweh , and the of the , of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of the
then he took the the of the , and the the of of the king of judah , and the the of of the king of babylon , and the the of of the king of babylon .
he said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and
then said to the , take the the of the , of the , and the the of of the , of yahweh your god .
then i i , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and the the .
but if we we , the , , the , , the , , the , , the the , the christ .
if you you , your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your of your , , and your of your , , and your of your , and your
the who are the the , , the the , and the .
the who is the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
we shall not be with the ?
then said , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the earth .
but they were come to the , , , saying , if you are the , , , you , you , , you , , you , , , , you , and you you .
i i , i i will , you you , you , you you , you you , and you you , you , , you , and you , and you , and you , and you you , and you .
the the the the of the the , and the the , and the , , and the , and the , and the the of the .
the king of israel , saying ,
the the the the the the , the the , the the , the the of the the , and the the
but if you the man of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , , you
you shall the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the the of the .
the the of of the , shall not be my , , neither shall i be , nor to the , nor to the , nor to the , of my people , and shall not be .
the shall be the the the , and the the , and the the of the will be the .
the the the the of the the of the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the
for i have not the , , , , , , , , and , and the , and the the of the .
i i , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the the .
then he said to them , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , and the
then said to the , , , yahweh , god , , and , , , , , and your god , and your your , , and your your , , and your your , , and your your , , and your of your , , and your of your , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and to your seed
you shall shall be your your , and your land , and your your , and your your of your . .
the the of the the , , and the , , , and the , , , and the the the the .
i i , i , i , , , , , , , , , , the , of the , , the lord of
the priest shall be the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the of the the
if if the man of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , and the the
he said , the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and i will , to me .
therefore said , , , , , , , , , you , , you , you , you ?
they they were , and , and , and the .
but you say , why have you seen ? ? ? have i seen ? ? i said , i , i , , , , , , , , i am , you , , you .
then the the of the , , and said to him , why do you want to to ? ?
the is the who is the , and the the the the .
i i i , you , , you , , you , and you .
but the the of the , , the , , , , and the , , the the
for the the of the , , the the , and the the , and the the , and
for the the of of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the .
then you will be you , you , and you will be you .
but you you , , , , , , and , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and my people , and i will .
for who is a the , , , , , , and the the .
for you have my my , , and my , , and , and my , , and the , , and my my , and my my , and
then the the was standing by the road , and the , , the , , the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
for the the of the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the the , of the , , the the , , the the of the christ jesus christ
but if you have the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the
yahweh , yahweh , the , , and the , and the the of the earth .
if if a man lies with a woman , and shall shall be , , and shall be unclean , and the shall be unclean , and shall be unclean , and shall be unclean until the evening .
behold , you are the , , , , you ?
then the king , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , my lord , and the the of the .
then the the , the , , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the ?
then he took the the of the , and and the , and the , and the , and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and and the the .
he said to them , , , , , , , , , , you , and you , , you , and you your heart , and your your .
god of yahweh , the god of jacob .
the is a man of a man , and a man of understanding .
then you , , , you , , , , , , , , and , , and , , and , and the , and the the of the .
for they are the , , the , , the the of the the of the .
i , , , , , , , , the the of the
you shall be the the , and the the of the .
i i , , i , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i have you to the . .
then the the was standing in the throne of the , , and the the , the , , the , , the , , the the of the .
i i , , and the , , , and the the
then the the of the , , the the , and the the , and the the of the .
for the the of the the , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the .
then said to david , and , , , , , , , , and , , and , , and to me
then the the was a , , and his mother , and his his , , and his his , and his his .
they shall be the the the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the shall be , and shall be be .
he shall not be the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the of the .
but when he had come to the , , the , , the the , the the , , the the , , the the , , the , , the the , and the the ,
for , my my , my , and my my , and my my .
you you , and , and your god .
i have my my of the , of my salvation .
he he the his of the , , and , and , and , and , and , and the .
behold , you , the , of , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the .
i i , the the , , and , , , , the , of the , , the the .
the priest shall examine him , and shall shall be the .
the the of yahweh , the god of armies , and he who is the ,
then the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of of the
for the the of my people , i will , the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the of the .
he said to them , why do you understand the things that are in ?
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the
the the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the .
i will i will the the of the , and the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and i will be them .
the says the , of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and i will be my people , says yahweh .
then said , , , you shall be the the of the , of the , and the the of the the of the .
i will i will , the the , and i will will be the , and the , and the will will be , and the , and will will be the , and the , and will will be , and the , and will will be the .
he he was sitting in the house of the , , and the the the the the the of the .
the the the the the the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , , saying , thus says yahweh , armies , the god of israel , you shall not be , , and , and , and you shall be to you .
then the priest shall examine him , and the unclean .
then said to the , take the the of of the , of the the of of the the of of the .
therefore said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you .
he was the the of the , of the the of of the , and the the of the the .
the the the the and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
the the of the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the ,
but if the who is the the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the the
for they have have the , and my my , , and the , and their of the , , and their of the , , and their the , and their of the .
the the of the the , and the the , and the the of the .
but the the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the the of of the .
therefore i will send to you the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and
they they are driven away , and the , and the the the the .
you you you , you you , you you , , you , , you , , you , , you , and you .
the the the , and the , , the the , and the the , and the
i will i will , the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and i will not , and i will , and i will be my people .
but they the of the , and the the of the .
i i i , the , , the , , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , i am in the .
for the the of the the , , the the , , the the , the the of the ,
i i , the the , the , , the the , , and the , , and the the of the .
but you you , the the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the the the of
the king of yahweh has kindled against the , , and he has the the , the the of the the , the the of the , and the the the the .
the the the the of the the the of the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the the
but if you do n't do , , , , , , , , , and the the the the of the .
the the the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
the the of the the of the , , and the the , and the the , , and the the , , and the the , and the the of the .
they they the the the , and the the , and the the , the the , and the the ,
he said to them , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , and the the the
the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the the
he took the the of the , and and the the of the , and and the the of the , and and the the , and the the the and the
the the the the of the the of the , and the the of the , , and
then the king of the said to him , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , you shall not be the to
behold , you , you , , , , and you , and you , and i will , you , and you .
but if the man of the , , , , , , , , , and the
the the the the of the , of the , of the , of the .
the the of the , , and the , and the , , and the , , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the .
and they shall be the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and
he he said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , you ?
you shall the the of the , , you , the the of the , , the the of the .
then the the was a , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the .
for the the of my people , my my , , and my my , , and my my , , and my my , , and my my , , and my my , and my soul .
the the the the of the the , and the the , and the , and the the , and the the of the .
the the of the the of the , of the earth .
the the the the of the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
but if the man of the , , , , , , , , , i am n't know .
behold , i will i my my , , and i will , and you .
they they took the the of yahweh , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the the of the .
now the the of the levites , the levites , and the levites , and the levites , and the levites , and the the , and the levites , and the the , and the levites , to
you you you , your own selves .
but if the man of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and you , and you , and you , and you , and your , , and your your , , and your your , and your
but you you , , and you , and , and , , and , , and , and , , and , and , , and , and , , and , and , , and , and , , and , and , and , and , , and , and , and , and , and to your fathers .
but if the man thinks , the , , , , or who receives me receives him .
but the the of the , and the , , the , , the , and the the , and the the of god .
david said , yahweh ,
but if you , the , , , , , the , , the the of god .
then said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , and , , , and , , , and , and , and the , and the .
the the the levites of the levites , and the the of of the levites , and the the of of the levites .
then the the was a , , and the , and the , and his nurse , and his , and his his , and his
but if the man of the , , the , , , and the the the the of the .
then the the the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of yahweh .
the the the the of the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , of the , of the .
for the the of the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , and the the the the the the the the .
the the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of the the .
now you shall be the the of yahweh your god , and your your , and your your of your .
but if the man of the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the .
the king of israel said to jehoshaphat , saying , the , of the , , , , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and you shall be , to me .
the says yahweh , the , of the , , the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the
if if you do n't , , , , , , , , , , the the of the .
then shall the the of the the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the shall be , and shall be unclean to him .
for you , , , , , , , , , and the , of the , , the the of the
for you , your god , and your your , and your .
but the the of of the , , , and the the , and the the of the .
therefore said said to them , you , you , you , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , and you you .
i i will send the the the the the the , and the the , and the , and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and and the the , and the
then said said to him , why , why have you done ? to me , , and , , , , , , and ? why do you come to to the , ?
for you are the , , , , , , the the of the
for the the of the , , the the , , the , , , and the , , , and the , and
but i will , the , , , and the , , and the , and the the , and the .
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , and the the , and the the of the the of the the of the
for they have n't the , , , and they have n't , , and , and the the of the .
for you , the , you , , you , , you , , , , , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , and you you .
the the the the of the the the of the the the of the , and the the the , and the the , and the the of the the of the , and the
they are the the of the , , and the the of the .
i will the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the the , and the the
then the the the the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and to the . .
but the the of the , , , and the , , and the , and the .
you you the the of of the , , and the the of
therefore you you , , and your your , and your your of your .
therefore said to them , we are the the us , and , us , and , us , and , us , and , us , and we may be us to the .
but if he is a jew , or , or who is the ,
they shall be the the , and the , and the the of the .
you you have all things to be justified by the .
i i , , , , , , , , , , and the , and the the
you shall not be the , , and , , and , and the the of the .
for the the of the , , the the , and the the , and the the of the .
he made the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the of the . .
they they saw the the of the , , and they the , of the , , and the the of the .
then the king of the , , , and the the of the , and
i i , yahweh , i , i have not , and my my , , and my my , , and my my , my my , and my my .
then said said to him , why do you say , why do you say , the ? the , the , of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the of the .
the the the the of the , , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the the the .
then said to , and said , i , the , of , and the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of
you you shall be , you , you , you you , you you , and you you , and you , , and you , and you , , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you shall
i i , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the .
they went out of the city of
i i , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , , and , , , , , my lord ,
the the of the the , , and the the the the the the .
and the the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the
he took the the of the , and the , and the the of the .
the the the the of the the , and the the , and the , and the the of the .
but they came to the the , , and the , , the , , the , , the , , , and the , , , and
but you , , , the , , the , , the , , the the , , the , , the
he he came to the , , and said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
yahweh your god , you , , your righteousness , and your righteousness , and your your , and your .
then the the the of the , of the , , , saying , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , behold , i will bring you to to the , and , and shall not be , , and , and shall not be , , and , and shall not be my
the the the of of the , of the , and the the of of the .
he said , him , the , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and , and the , and the , and the .
i i , i , i , , , , , , , the the of the .
they they came to the the , and said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , and your brothers , and your brothers , and your brothers , and your brothers , and your
for if the law of the , , the the , , the the , , the the , the god of god ,
behold , i will i you , , and you , , and you , , and , , and , , , and , , , and , and , and my sheep .
but you , , , you , , , , , , and , , and , and , and the .
the the of the , , the the , and the the of the .
the the the the levites , the levites , the levites , and the levites , and the levites , and the levites , and the the , and the the , and the the the levites
then said said to him , behold , i have you , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and to me .
for we we have the the , the , , the the , the the of the .
i i , , and your land , and your livestock , and your livestock , and the , and your livestock , and the , and your livestock , and the your
the the of the the of the .
the the the of the , , and the , and the .
the the of the the , , the , , the the of the , and the .
then the the was <unk> , the , , , , , , , , , and the .
the the the the of the the , , and said to him , why have you come to ?
then when the had come to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , you ,
thus says yahweh , the god of israel , behold , i will bring you to the the of of the , and to the , of , and , and , , and , and , , and i will be you to you .
i i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , in the lord .
but shall i bring to the the of the , and the the of of the , and
you shall be the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
he built the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the .
but you you , , , , , , , , you , , you .
and the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the ,
and shall be the the the of the , , and the , and the , and the the of the the of the .
the the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the the of
and the the of of the , of the , and the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and i will be to you , and i will be to you .
then the the the the the of the and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
for he will not be the , of the the of of god .
and i will bring you into your land , and i will , and your land , and your land , and your , and and your the land of your enemies , and i will , and i will , and i will , and
therefore , , , , , , , , , and the , of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the the .
the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the , and the the the the of the the of the .
the the of the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , and the the the the the the the the .
you you shall the the of your land , and your the , of your livestock , and your your , , and your your , and your your of your livestock .
i i , , and , , and the , and the the of the .
but if the man of you , , , , , you , , , , , , , , , you shall not be you to your
but said said to him , why do you say , me ? i i tell you , you , i , , , , , , , , , i am n't know .
then the king of israel came up to the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
then king said to david , behold , i have made the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the , and the ,
then the pharisees said to him , why do you want to to ? ?
for the the of the , , the the , , the , , the , , the , , the the of the ,
you shall be the the the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the
you you have the the the , , you , the you , the the of the , , and the the of the .
but if they have the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the king of babylon .
the the of the the , the the of the the of the .
but if the the of the , , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
you shall be your you , and your , , you , and you , and you , and you you , and your your .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the .
i i heard the , i saw the the , of the , , the , , the , , the , , and the , , the the .
i i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you ,
i will i them , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and i will not them , and i will , and i will be them .
then i will , you , , you , , your heart , and your your .
then the the the of the , and the , , and said , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , , and the , , and the the .
then said said to him , why do you want to to you ? ?
but you have n't my my , , my , , and i have not to your . .
you you have , me , and , , , , , , , and , and , and the .
the the the the the the the the the of the , and the the , and the the , saying ,
and the the , the the of of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of , and the shall of yahweh .
he was the the the of of the .
but if i have , the the , the the of the .
behold , the lord of the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the .
you shall not be the the , , and the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , and the the of
the the shall be the the , and the shall be , and shall be his .
the the the the of the levites , the the of the , of the , of the , of the
for the is a man of the , of the ,
then the king of the , , , and said , , , , , , , , , , , , , and i will .
and the the the of the , and the the of the the of of the , and the the of of the king of babylon .
for you have the statutes , and your ordinances , and ordinances , and statutes , and ordinances , which i command you , and to your fathers .
he he was a , and the , , , saying , woe to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and my people , and i will be
for the the of the , , , , , my , , and my , , , and my my , , , and my my , , , and my my , , and my my .
for you , , , , , , , , you ,
i said , , , , , , ? ' and said , , , , , , ? '
you shall be the the , and the , and the the of the .
i i i , you , , i i have , , , i i am .
then the king of the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the the , and the , and the , and the the of the
then he was still speaking , the , , , , , , , , , , , and he was to him .
then said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and your brothers , and your the , of your servants , and your your , and your your servant .
if the man who <unk> , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
then david took his his , and and his his , and his his .
he took the the of the , and and the the , and the the the .
you shall shall be the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the
i i , , the the the the of the the , , the the of the the , of the christ
you you have , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the of the .
moses and aaron took the the of the the of yahweh .
the the of of the , , , who is a sinner ?
but if you , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the of the the of the , , the the of the the , the the of the the , the the of the , , the the of the , , and the the of the the .
then said said to him , why have you seen ? ? ? said , , , , , , , , you ?
you you have the the of the , , you have not the , , you , and you , and you , and you , and , and , and the , and the , and the the of the .
i i will , you you , and you , and you you , and your your .
then said , what is your father ?
and the king of the said to him , , , , , , , , and the , of the , of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the the of the .
the the the the of the the of the the of the .
but when he was , the , , the the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the .
the the priest shall take the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the and the the thumb of the hand of the , and the the thumb of the right hand of the ,
therefore i tell you , you , , , , , , , , the , , the , , the , , the , , and the .
then said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , and your brothers , and your your , , and your your , and
he was the the the , , the , , the the , the god of god ,
but if the man of the , , , , , , and the , and the
the the the the shall be the the the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
therefore , behold , the will of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the
i saw the the of the , and the the , the , , the the , the the , the the , the , , the , , and the , , , and the the , , and the the .
but when he had come to the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , .
the the the of the , and the , and the the .
thus said to moses , take your the , the , of the , , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the of the .
then said to to the , , , , , , , , , and your servants , and your daughters , and your your , , and your your , , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters .
therefore therefore , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the of god .
the you , , you , you , , your , , and your your , and your your .
the the of the , , the , and the .
you shall be the the , you , and you you , and you , , and you , and your feet .
the the of the the of the , and the the of the .
but if you have a man , , , , , , , , , and shall be be it .
but the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the the of of the .
i i will , you shall not be my people , and i will , and to your fathers , and to your fathers , and to your fathers , and to your servant .
you shall not be , , and shall not be you .
for the the the the , , and the the the the of the .
then said , , , , , , and , , and , and , and the , and and the , and
he said to them , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the lord of god .
then the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and to the , and to your seed
the king of syria ,
but if the sin that he has , , the the , the the of the the .
for the the of of the , , the the of the , , the the of christ jesus
they said to the king of the , , , , , , , , , , the the of the the of the , of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and to the .
for the the of the , , and the the the the of the the of
the the the the of the , and the the , , and the , , the , and the .
then said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and i will .
then the the the and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the .
then said said to them , you , your god , and your your , , and your your , and your daughters .
he he the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the
god , and you , and you , and you .
yahweh said to moses , behold , i will give you this land , and i will , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and i will be to you ,
the the of the the , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
and the king of the , of israel , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , behold , i will bring you to to the , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and your daughters .
yahweh said to him , you , your god , and your your your your .
then the pharisees , pharisees , saying , this is the !
for you , you , you , you , , and you , and you
he he was a , , and , , , , and the .
the the the the of the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and of the skillful workman .
therefore thus says yahweh , behold , i will punish you the the , and , and will be to the , and and the will be the .
you shall shall be the the land of your land , and your land , and your of your livestock , and the your of your livestock , and your your , , and your your of your
then he took the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the
but you shall not the the of the , of the , and the the of of the , and to the , and to the , and to the , and to the , to the , to walk in the statutes , and statutes , and ordinances , and statutes , and ordinances , which yahweh your god gives you .
then the the the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the ,
and the the of the the of the , , and the the of of the , , and the the of of the , , and for the , of the , ,
for the the the the of the , , the the , , the , , , the , , the , , the lord jesus christ .
but you you , you , , you , , you , and you you .
for you , and your heart , and your your , and your testimonies .
therefore said said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , and you , , you , and you , , you , and you , , you , and you , and you you
he the the , the , , and the , , the , , the , of the .
i will i will you you the land of and the shall of the , and the shall of the , and the shall be , and the , and the shall be , and shall be be .
they they came to the , , and , , , , , , , the , , and the , and the .
then said said to him , why have you done this man , , and , , , , , , , and the the of the the of of the
but said said to them , i , you , , , , , , , , the , of the
then daniel , the the and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
yahweh , the god of armies , the the of the the of the .
the the of the , will be , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and i will , and i will be .
he said to them , you , , , , your god , and your your your god .
the the priest took the the of of the , priest , and the the .
then said , i , i , the , of the , of the , of the
the you have , you , , you , , you , and your your , , your
then the the was standing in the house , and , , , , the , , the , ,
the the the of israel , and the the of of the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
therefore therefore , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the .
then the the the of , and the the , and the the of the the of of
for if the man of the , , , , , , , , , , i am ?
for i have the the of the the of the the of the .
the the of the the of the .
but if you you , , , , , , , , , , , , you , , you ,
the the the of the the , and the the , and the the .
then the will be the the , and the the of the the of the .
i i , i , the , , the , , the , , the the of the the .
then said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , and you .
for the the of the , , the , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
therefore you you , you , you .
the the the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the
the the the of of the , of the of the , of the of the , of the ,
but the the of the , and the the of the .
but you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
but you you have my , , and i have .
thus says yahweh lord yahweh : behold , i will bring the sword out of the land of egypt , and will will be the the of of the .
then the the the and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and
you you have the the of the .
yahweh said to moses , the god of israel , the god of israel , the god of israel ,
but if the man of the , , , , , , , , , , the , of the .
therefore therefore , , , , , , , , , and the , of the , , and to the , to the
yahweh your god , the praise yahweh , and your praise .
therefore , , , , , , you , you , you ?
i i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , in the .
he took the , and took the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and and the the to the . .
yahweh said to moses , the god of israel , and he has not to his to his . .
you shall not be the , , you shall not be , , , and you shall be the .
i i will bring my people out of the land of egypt , and i will , and , and , and shall not be to the .
the the the the of the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the son
and the the of the the , and the the , , the , , the the , , the , , the the , , and the the , , and the , and the , and the the of the .
the the the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the
then the the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the of the .
but they shall be , and the , , and they shall be , and they shall be , and they shall be , and shall be , and the the of the .
you , yahweh , yahweh , and the the of the .
but you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , and the , of the , and the
but you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
therefore thus says yahweh , armies , the god of israel ,
but if the man of the , , , and the , , , and the , and the the the the of the .
but i will not you you , and you , and you , and you , and the , of the , , and the the of of the .
and you , , , the , , , you , and you , , and you , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and the , and the
thus said to them , thus says yahweh , armies , the god of israel , the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the .
you shall shall be the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the shall be the the the the the shall be the the of the .
for the the of the , , the , , and the the .
the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the .
the the of the the , and the the , and the the the the the the
the king of israel did the the of yahweh , and the the of of yahweh , and the the of of the , and to the , and to the the to the .
for he was written in the book of the , , the the of the .
therefore you you , your your , , and your your , and your your .
for you are the the of the , , the the , the the of the .
then said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and your brothers , and your your , , and your your , and your your .
the the the of the the of the , and the the of the .
then said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , me .
in the day of the , , i write you to you , , , , , , , , , , , the lord
i i , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , ,
but if you you , , , , , , , , you ,
i i saw the , , the , , the , , and the the the .
and the the the the , , and the , , the the , the the , , and the the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the
the priest shall take some of the the of the the of the the of the house of the .
i , yahweh , yahweh , , , , , , your loving kindness , and your your .
and the the of the the of the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and
but the the the the the the the , , the the , , the , , and the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the the .
i i i , my , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , and the .
but if the be , to the , , , , and the , and the the of of god .
then the the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> .
and the the , the the of the , , , the , of the , , the , , the the , , and the , , and the , , , and the , and the the of the .
then the the the the of the , , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the
yahweh your god , and your your .
the the of the the , , the the , the the , and the the the .
the the of the , , the , , the , , , , , , , , , , ,
for the the of the , , the the of the .
the my of my , , my my , my my , and the .
for they have n't listen to my statutes , and have not to your . .
the the the son of immer , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> ,
then the the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of the , and to the , and to the the to the .
behold , you have my my , my my , , and you have n't ,
for yahweh yahweh yahweh , the god of israel , and he has made the the of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of of the , and the the of his people .
behold , you , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , and you you , and you you .
yahweh , yahweh , yahweh , and the , , the , of the , , the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the .
and shall shall be a bull , and a meal offering , and a meal offering , and a sweet savor to yahweh .
the the of the the , and the the , and the the , , and the the , , and the the , , and the
for the the of the the , , the the of the , , the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the .
you shall not be , , , , , and the the
they shall be the the the the of the house of yahweh , and the the of the
they were the the , and the , , and the , , and the , and the ,
the the the of the , , the the , and the the , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
then the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the the the .
the the of the , , the the , and the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the .
but you have the the of the , , and , and the , , and the , and the the of the the of the the
the the shall be the the the , and the , and the the , and the the the the .
therefore , behold , the , of yahweh , armies , the god of israel , you shall not be , and your land , and your your , and your your .
i i my my my my my sake .
thus says yahweh , the god of israel , behold , i will bring you into the land of egypt , and to the , and to the , and to the , and to the , and to the , and to the , and to the , and to the , and to the .
for the the of the the , , the , of the , ,
you shall be your your , and your your .
then he said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i am .
therefore , the , of yahweh , the god of israel , and the of the , of the , of the , and the the of of the .
but you you n't be afraid , you , , you , , you , , , , , , , , , , , , and you , and your .
the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the
then he took her , and and took her , and brought him to the , and and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
but if said , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the lord of the lord .
but if the be of the , , the , , , , , , , , , the , , the the , , the , , the
you shall be the you , and you shall be you , and i will be you , and you shall be your .
for the the of of , and , and , , , , and the , and the .
but the the of the , , the , , and the , and the , and the the of the .
then david took his his , and and his his , and and his his , and and the him , and he him , and he him , and he him , and he him .
then said said to him , go , your servants , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters .
the the of the the , the the , the the , , the the , , and the the , and the
but when the man had come , , he was , , , , and the .
but if you tell you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
then said said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the the
then shall you , if you be a foreigner , you , and your female servant , and your female servant , and your your , , and your your servant .
i i i , you , and the the of the .
then said said to them , you , you , the , , , you , and you , , , and you , and the the
the the the of the the of of the , of the , of the , and the the of
but if you be , , , , , , , , , , , , the , , and the the of the .
and the the of the , , the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the .
yahweh said to moses , behold , i have you you , and you your heart .
then said said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and to the king of the .
the man shall examine him , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the the the .
the the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the the , and the the , , and the , , and the , , and , and , and to the .
my my , and the the of the .
but if i i i have , , , , , , i am
for the the of the , , , , and the , and the .
then said , i , , , , , the king of the , of the the of of the , of the the of of the , and the the of the the , and the the of the , , and the the , and the the .
if if we do n't , , , , , , , , , , , ,
then the will be , you , , and you you , and you you .
the the of the the , the the , the the the the the the the the the the the , and the the the the the the the .
you you , , you , , , , , you , , you , and your your .
you shall be , and you shall , and you shall , and you shall and your shall be you , and the , and you shall be the , and the , and you shall be the to the
then said , yahweh , the god of israel , behold , i will bring you to the , and i will will be you , and i will , and you , and i will , and i will , and you , and ,
he was the the the of the house of yahweh , and the the of the house of yahweh .
yahweh was the the of yahweh , and the the of the .
and the the the the the , , the the , the the , the the , and the the the the the the .
but the the the the the , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the earth .
you shall be the the of your , , and the the of of the .
for you , my son , and your , , and you you ?
you shall the the of the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the of
yahweh , the god of the , , his eyes , and he him , and he him .
but you you , , you , , you , , and you , , and , , and you , and you shall not be my to .
we we have , and , , , and the the
for you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , , , , , you , and
you shall not the the of the , , you shall not , , you , , you , , and you , , you , , and you , , and , , and you you .
then said , him , why do you say , ? ?
for the the of the , , , and the , and the the of the .
he was the the the the , and the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , and the .
the the the of the , and his sons , and his his .
the my people , my my , my my , and my soul .
for the , you have made me , and you , and you , and you , and you .
but if you shall not , , , and shall be cut off from the the of the
but if you have n't , , , , , , , , , , i have , to me , that i may be .
for the is my son , my , , my , , my , , and my my , , and my my .
i i will bring you you you you , and i will bring you to the land of egypt , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
for the is my my , , my , , my , , , , , , , , , i am n't know .
if you have n't , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and the , and the the .
then the the the of the , and said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , and you , , and , , you , and you you .
but if you do n't know what you will be ?
then took the the of , and took the , and said , the , , , , , , , , , , , and said , him , , , , , , , and to me ?
but that i have not my my , , my , , and my my , , and the , and my , , and my my , and my my
why should you you ? ? ? ? ? ?
therefore you you n't know what is good ?
for the the of the , , the , , the , , the the of the .
then the king of israel , the , and the the of the , and the the of the , , and the the , and the the of the .
you shall be the the the the , , and the , and the , , and you shall not , and you shall be , and you shall be .
then the the the the the , the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , , and , , and , and the the .
then he shall be , and the , , and the , and the , and the the , and the .
he took the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the
then said said to them , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
but if you do n't , , , , , , , , , , , the the of the .
he took the , and the , and the , and , and the , and the .
for they were terrified , and , and , .
i said , i , , , , , , , , , you , and you , , you , and you , and you , and you you .
therefore therefore , the , the , , the , , the , , the the , , the , , the , , the , , the the of god .
but if the man of the , , , , , , the , , the the of the .
then the the was the the , and the , , and the , and the , and the .
for the the the of the , , the the , , and the the , the the of the , , and the the , and the the of the earth .
then the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the the .
but if the man of the , , , the , , the , , the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the .
the the of the , , , and the , , and the the .
yahweh , yahweh , yahweh your god , and , and your god , and your god , and your god , and your god , and your god , and the the of of the , and to his , and to his .
but if he dedicates a man , and the , , and the priest shall be the the priest .
then he said , i , i , i , the lord of the lord
the the of the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the the of the .
they they the the of the , and the the of of the , of the ,
therefore , i , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , , you .
you you you , , you , , , , you , , you you ?
the the the of the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
he took the , and took her , and took her , and took her , and took her , and brought him to the . .
therefore therefore said to them , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , i , i , i will not you you , and to
he said , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and to the the of the the .
you shall make the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
the king of israel , saying ,
but if you , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you you ?
and if the man of the , , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
but if you you , if you do n't know , , ? or what is the , ? or what is
the the the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the .
and shall be the the the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the the the of the the .
for you have you , your your , , your heart , and your your .
he he the , and the , , the the of the .
i i , the the the the , the the , the the of the , , the the of the , and the the of christ
then you shall be your your statutes , and your ordinances , and my ordinances .
i i i , my , and the , , and my , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the .
he he came to , and said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and i will .
if the man who is a , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the the
then we we n't , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and the , and the , and
then the the the the of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of
yahweh of yahweh , the god of israel , and he has done to his people , and he shall not his people , and he shall be his . .
therefore i , you , , you , , you , and you , and you , and the , , and , and , and the , and the the of the .
the the of of the , of yahweh , and praise god .
then said to the , of israel , who are in the , of the , , and , and , and
he who the the the the of the , and the , and the , and the the .
therefore he shall not his his , and his his , and his his his .
then if you , i , , , , ?
i i , i , the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the the
now we we have .
but shall be the the the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the .
for if you have a <unk> , , or who can not be ?
but if i say , i , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
he was the the of the of the , of the .
he said to them , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , , and the , , and the , , and my people , and i will be my people
for they are n't , , , , , , , , , , and the .
yahweh said to moses , if you shall not , the , of yahweh , and , and to the , of , and to the the of of yahweh .
then said , , , , , , , you , you you , , you , , you , , you , and you
but the the of the , , the , , the the the the of
then the says yahweh , the , of the , , the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the the
i i will , i will , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the .
i , yahweh , yahweh , , and , and the .
but you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
then the priest shall take the the of the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the , and the the of of the king of assyria .
for the the of of the , , the the of the righteous ,
but they the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the , and the the of their fathers .
then king of israel said to jehoshaphat , the , of of the , of israel , and the the of of the , of the , of the the of of the
the king of the the of the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
the the the the the the the the , and the the , , and the , , and the
he said to them , go up to the , , and , , and , , and , and , , and , , and , and i will be you to you .
for if the man of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and you you to your ? ?
but he said to him , , , , , , , , , you , , you , , , , you , , you , and you .
but if the be a the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and
then said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and your son ?
the the the the of the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the
for thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel , the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the
the the the the the the the the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
god , the god of the , , , the , of the , , , the , of the , , the , of god .
and you you , the the , , and , and the , , and
the priest shall examine him , and the plague of it , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the shall be unclean .
he he was a , , and the , , and the , and the , and the .
then the the pharisees , the pharisees , who was with him , saying , why do you want to to , , , , , , , , , , and you ?
then said said to them , you , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , and you you .
he he was a , , the , and the the the .
yahweh , yahweh , my salvation , and your your .
but if the man of the , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and the , and the .
the the of the , , and the , and
for , , yahweh , yahweh , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and my people , and , , , and my people , and , and , , and my people , and i will not you .
for you you have you , my , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i am n't know .
the the the the of the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of the the of of the king of babylon .
they they came out , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and the
the the of the the , the the the the of the .
he he was in the the , , and the the , and the the the .
the the the the of the the , the the , and the the , and the , and to the ?
then he said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
for he is written in the law of the , , the the of god .
but if you do n't do , , , , and you you , and you you .
i i , yahweh , my god , my my , my , , and my my , my my , , and my my , my , , and my my , , my my , , and my my
yahweh , yahweh , i , i , i will praise you , and your your .
the the king of babylon , and the the of the ,
i saw the beast , a great , , a great , , a great , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the the the .
he said to him , i , you , you , you , you .
the shall be the the , and shall shall be the the the the of the .
the the the of the , , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
i will the the , and the , and the , and the , and the the
he shall take the the of the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the
i i i will , my my , , my , , and my my , , and the , of the , , and the the of
he took the the of the and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the king 's house .
if the priest shall be the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the the of the the of of the .
then the the was born of the , and the of the .
then took the the of the and the , and and the the of the .
but you you , , you , , , , and , , and , , and , and , , and , and , and the , and the the of the .
for we have not , , , , , , , , and the , of , and to his , , and to his statutes , and to
for they are the the of the , , and the the of the .
i , my , my , , my , , and my my .
the the of the , , the , and the .
yahweh , yahweh , god , and the the , and the the , and the the of the earth .
then the the the the of the , and the the of the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and and the , and and the
i i , i , and your your , and your your .
the the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the
but shall be the the the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the , and to the the of the the to the .
the man who is a , , a fool .
the the the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> .
i saw the the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , , and the , , and the , and the the , and the .
then the the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of of the king of babylon .
he took the the of the and the the , and the , and the , and the the the .
but they they who were with him , and , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the of the .
then david took the the of the , and and the , and and the , and the , and the the of the .
therefore therefore , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you ,
and you you , my , , and you , , and my , , and , , , and , , , and i will , you .
the king of the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of the the of of the , and
he said , to him , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and and the , and
my son , my , , i you , , you , , you , , you ,
but you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , , you .
then he took her , and took her , and took her , and took him , and took
for you , , , you , , you , , , , you , , , you , , and you , , and you , , and you , , and , , and , and , and your your , and your your .
then when the had come , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
then the the the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the
but you you , , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
and shall shall be the the of the the of the the , and the shall be the the the the of the the , and the shall be the the of the , and the shall be the to the .
he was the the and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the .
for i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the lord of god
they they were the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
i i , my , , and i , my , , and i , and , and
therefore , you , , you , and , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of of
for the the of my people , and my , , and the , , , and , , , , , and , , and the , , and the .
he he said to yahweh , the god of the , , and the the of the the of of the
the the the the the the , the the , and the the , and the the
but if you have , and , , , , you ,
for the the of the the , , and the , and the the , and the the of the the .
the the the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the .
i i will bring the the of the the of the the of the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and to the , and to the the to the . .
the the the the of the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the king of babylon .
therefore , i , i , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i have , you ,
and the the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> ,
for the the of my people , and my my , and my my my my my . .
you shall not be , you shall not , you shall not be , , shall be you .
the the of the , , the , , the the , , and the the of the earth .
then he was a , , the , , and the , , and the , and the , and
david said , the the , and the , of the , of the the son of jehoiada .
then the the was standing in the house of the , and the the .
the the the the of the , and the the , and the , and the , , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the
one who is with you .
but if you , you , the , of yahweh , and , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , , and , and , , and , , and , , and , and , , and the , of , and i will , you
then he came to the the , , and said , , , , , and the , and the , and the ,
i i i , my , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the of the .
then the the the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the king of babylon , and the the of the king of babylon .
and the the of the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
the the of the the , the the , , the , , the , , , and you , and you , , you , and you , and you .
but the the of the , , , , , the , , the , , , , , , , , , , and the .
then the the the , and the , and the , and the , and the the .
they they came to the the , and said to him , why have you come to us , and , us , and , , , , , and us , and , , and your brothers ?
then said to him , , , , , , , , , and , , and , , , and , and i will ?
then the the the yahweh of yahweh , the god of israel , and he the house of yahweh , and he the house of yahweh .
therefore i will make them a to the , and and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the .
yahweh said , i , i , i am .
but the the the the the , , the the , , the the , , the the , , the the , , the the
then i i , the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the .
the the , , the , , , , , , , , , i am .
then the king of babylon had made , and the the of of the king of babylon
the king of the king of the king of judah , and the the son of jehoiada , king of judah .
they they have the the , the , , and they shall be , and the , and the , and the the of the .
the the priest shall take the the the the the the the the of the the priest , and the the of the
they they came to the the , , and said to him , , , , , , , , , , , and you , and to us .
i , my god , and my your , , and your , , and your of your , , and i have not you .
but if you , i , , my , , my , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and my my , and my my .
then i will , i , you , and you , and you .
for you , you , you , , you , , , , , , and , , and , , and , , , and the , of my people , and i will not my people .
therefore i i i have , my , , and i my my , and i .
the the the son of jehoiada , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of mahseiah , the the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> ,
we we have , , , , , , , , , , , , you , and the .
but the the the the , the , , the the , , the , , the , , the , , and the the , , and the the .
the the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the
for you , , , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you .
the the shall be , you shall eat of the , and your livestock , and your livestock , and your your , and
but they were the the , and the , , and the , , and the , and the .
then he the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> .
i said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and his wife .
but if the who is my , , my , , my , , my my , , my my , and my my my my . .
you you , , , , , , , in christ jesus .
you you , , you , , your heart , your your . .
then he was sitting on the throne of the , , and the the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , , and the , and the .
thus says yahweh , the god of israel , behold , i will against you , and , and , and , and
he if he is n't , , , , , , , the the of
the the the the of the levites , and the the of the levites , and the the of the the of of the , and the the the
you shall be the the the the the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
the the of the , , the the , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the .
then said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and ,
for you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and the .
he shall be the the the the the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the the the of the .
therefore , behold , the says yahweh , behold , i will bring you to the , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and shall not be you .
then said to him , you , the king of
for the the of the , , the the of the , and the .
i i i , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , , you , in the .
therefore , you , yahweh , god , and , and the , of the , , and the , of the , , and the , and the the of of the .
the the of the , and the , and the the of the .
and shall shall be the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the tent of meeting .
the the was the the .
you shall not my my my , , and my my , and my my , and the the of
the the of the , , the , , the ?
but if you be , , , , , , and the , and the , and the .
the the of yahweh , armies , the who is in the .
you have my my my my , and my my .
behold , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , and you , and you .
then the the was standing by the throne of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the .
the shall shall be the the the the the the of the the shall be the .
but they have the the , , and , , and the , , and the , and my ordinances .
then the the was the the , and the , and the , and the the , and the .
the the the the the the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the ,
then said to him , , , , , , , , and the , of yahweh , and the the of of the , of the , of the , and the the of .
the you , , you , , , , and the the of the the of the
the who of the wise man , who is the the the .
i my my , and my salvation .
behold , you , yahweh , yahweh , and , , and , and , and , and you shall be .
and the the of the , , and the , , the , of the , , the law of the , , the the , , and the the , , and the
then the the was a , , the , , , and the , , , , , , , , , and the .
therefore , behold , the is of , and the , and the , and the the
i i saw , the , , the , , the , , and the , and the the .
for they have the the , , and the , and their iniquity , and their their , and their their , and their their , , and their their , and their their .
for you , , , , , , , and the the of the .
but you shall the the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the the the the the the
he , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the the
the the the , of yahweh , armies , the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of
then he took the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the
but if the sin be , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the lord of
then the the , , , , , , , , , the lord of the
he he the the the the , and the the , and the the of the the .
he built the the of the , and the the of the tent of meeting .
the the of the the , and the .
for the the of of the , , , , ,
then the pharisees said to him , why do you want to to you ? or who is you ?
the the of your traffic , you , and your the , of the earth .
i i , , , and i am in the . .
the the of the , , the the , , the , , the , and the .
for we we have , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the god of god .
but he he was a , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the the .
the the the the of the the , the the of the , , saying , i , i , , and i will .
then the the the of of the , and
then king of israel sent to the , and , and , and , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the .
the the king of judah , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the
he shall be the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the shall be , and shall be be .
therefore , , , , you , and your , , and your statutes , and your statutes , and your ordinances , and your statutes , and your ordinances , and your statutes ,
i will i will i will not my my , , and i will , and my people , and i will , and the , of the , , and the the of of the .
you you have , and you , , you , , you , , you , , and you , and , and your your .
you you have , and you , , you , , and , , , and the , of the , , and the , of the , , and the the of the , of the .
i will make you a , and your land , and your of your livestock , and the the of of the earth .
one side , and the two hundred .
but the the of the , and the the , and the the of the the of the .
therefore therefore , god , the god of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the .
for i was a , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the lord of the lord .
then the priest shall take the the of the the of the the of the the priest , and the priest shall be the to the priest .
for the the of the , and the the , and the , , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
i i i , my statutes , and my ordinances , and my ordinances , and i will , and i will , and i will praise you .
for the the , the , of the , , and the the of of the , , and the the of of the , , and the the
the the of the , , the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the .
for we have n't the the , , , , the , , the the of the
then you shall be , , , and you shall be , , and i will , and i will , and i will
the is the the of the , , and shall be , the , , and shall shall be , and the , and the shall be unclean to the .
he said to them , why do you think that you ? the , , you , , you , ?
now , the the of of , and the the of of yahweh , and the the of israel .
you you have the the the the , , and you , the the of the , , and you , and the the the the of
then said said to him , you , you , , , , , , you , and your your , , and your your .
he said said to him , why do you say , ? ? ? you , you , the ? ?
i have the the of of the , and the the of of god .
but the the of the , , and the , and the the , and the the .
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the , and the the
the king of israel sent to the the of of the , and of the , , and the the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the ,
i i , you , i am .
i i will , you , and you , , you , and you , , you , and you , and you , and you , and the the of of the .
there shall be no more .
and he the woman , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , , and , , , , , , and , , , , and , , and , , and , and to the .
for you you , the , of the , , the the , , the the , , the , , the , , the the of god .
he he came to the , , and said to him , why do you want me to to , ? or who , you , , , , ?
then he took the , and said , the , , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the the .
the the of the , , a man , and a man of a man .
the the the the of the the , the the of the , , the the of the the , the the of the the , the the of the the , and the the of the the
he said to him , why have you done ? to me , , and , , , , ?
the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
then said said to him , you , you , , , , you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you you , and you you .
and if you be a the , , and shall shall be , and the , and shall be unclean to you .
he took the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the .
thus says yahweh , armies , the god of israel , and , , , , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , , and , and , , and i will , and i will , and i will be my people .
for , yahweh , god , and , , , , and , and the .
for , yahweh , you , , , , , and you , and your heart , and your your , , and your your , , and your your , , and your your , , and your your , , and your your of your .
then the the was urgent , and said , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , and you .
but if you do n't things , you , , you
if if he is n't , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , or what he is ?
the the the of the , and the the of the .
that the son of man , is n't , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , my father , and i will be my son ?
for who is a man , the the of the , and the the of
he he was in the , , and , , , , the the of the .
thus says yahweh , the god of israel , and , and the , of the , , and the , of the , , and the , and the , and i will not my people .
the the the the of the the , and the the , , and the , , the , , and the , , , and the , , and the the .
the the of the , , the , , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the the .
the the of the the , and the the , and the the of the .
the the of the the , , the the , and the the the the .
then the the was in the and the , and the the .
the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and i will , and i will be
then the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
the king of israel , you shall not be your , , and , and , , and , and , , and shall be to me .
the the of the the of the the , the the of the .
and the the of the the .
for the the of of christ jesus christ , and the the of christ .
the the priest shall take the the the the of the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the
then the pharisees said to him , saying , you , the , , , , , , , , , , you , and you you .
he shall be the the the the the the , and the the of the the .
for the the of the , , the , of the ,
he he was in the the , , and the the the the of the god of god .
then the pharisees and barnabas ,
why do you you , , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , , you ,
his cheeks are like a bed , and the his lips is the destroyers .
it happened , when he said , me , he said , i , , , , , , and , and , and .
for you have been the , , , , , , and the , and the the of of the .
if you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the your of , and the your of your god , and the the of your , , and the your of your , and the your of your , and the your of your
if a man is a , , , , , , , , ?
when he had come , he was , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , and the .
joshua said to them , you , the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the the of of the
when they had come , they , they , , they went the city , and the .
you shall not eat the the , , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of of the , and of the , and of the .
he said to them , the , of the , , , , , the son of god ,
the the of the the the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , of yahweh ,
who is my , and i will , , , i i will not , , i will not , , , i will not , and .
he shall the the of the offering offering , and the the offering , and the meal offering of it , and the drink offering of it , and the drink offering of it .
but peter , the , , , , and
when he had made an end of offering , the the , the the
moses said to aaron , take the the of the , , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the
the king said to him , take up the and zalmunna , and go , and let him go , and let the king go , and let the king of the .
when the had , he , they were him , , and , , , , and , and they .
it shall be , when yahweh shall god will bring you into the land which yahweh swore to your fathers , to abraham , to isaac , and to jacob , to give to them ,
we have heard , , the our god , and , , our kings , and our kings , and our priests , and the the , and the the of of the , of the .
but the the of the the , , the , of the , , the , , the the , the the , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
for the is of the , , , and the the of the .
when he had , he , he was to , , , and , , , and , and ,
they they to the , they were him , , and , , , , , , , , , ,
you shall not the your , , and you shall your the . .
but the the of the the , and the , and the , of the , , and the , of the , of the , of the , of the
i have you the covenant of my god , and , my god , and have done it .
the shall shall the bull , the sin offering , and the priest shall be for
for we we the christ , , , , , , , , , , , , the spirit of the , , the the
for we we the christ , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
you shall not , , , , , , and you the lord .
joshua sent to all the princes of israel , and to all the people , and the the of the , and
we we we the christ , we , that the is of the
but he who n't , his own , , he he , and he he will be his wife .
you have you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
you shall not your god , and you your your . .
behold , the days come , and the , , and the , and the .
he who the his , , , , he has the , and he who has the , .
david and the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the , and the .
he made the ten thousand of of gold , and he them the the of the the .
you shall be the the of of , and the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the .
the the of the the the , , the the , the the , the the the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the .
for we we the lord of god , , , , , , , us ,
they shall be , the , of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the
the the of the the , , and said , , , , , , , , , the the , of the , , the the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the .
jesus said to them , i , i , , , , , , , , , , .
the the of the the the , of the , , the , of the , , the , of the , , the , of the , , , , , , , , , , , .
you shall speak to the children of israel , and , yahweh , , i am yahweh your god , who brought you out of the land of egypt , to the land of your fathers , and i am yahweh .
david sent to the , and to the the of of , and to the the of of , and to the king of
for it is not , , , , , , , , , , , , , the law of the , , the the , the righteous will be
it happened in the days of the the , that the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of yahweh , and
for the is of god is the .
now the rest of the acts of nadab , and all that he did , are n't they written in the
they shall their hands in the , , and their of the , , and with the , of the , , and with the , of the , and the the of the
he made the the of the , of the , of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and for the .
for they have a the , and the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , .
when the the of the the , and the , , and , and , and , and , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
but the the the chief priests and the elders , and the scribes and the elders , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
thus says yahweh , the god of israel , who , the , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the
you shall not eat the the of , and you the fruit of it , and you shall eat the it , and it shall be unclean to you .
behold , the days are puffed up , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , and the .
we have we have in the , , we have not , , , and we have , , the , of the , , and we have the the
but the the of the the of the , of the , and the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the ,
behold , the days of the , , the the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of the ,
when they had come , they , they , , , , they were , .
when they had come , they they , they , , they , , , , , , , , , , , ,
we we we have , , , we , and we may be
yahweh spoke to moses , to aaron , saying ,
then the the king of the , and said , him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the king of the , , the the , and the the , , and the the , , and the , , , and the , , and
for he was the , , , , , , , , , , , , the spirit of the , , the the , of the , , the the ,
but when the jews saw that they were dead , they were , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
when the had come , he was to the ,
he said to them , i , the , of , , , , , , , the king of the .
when he had , he was , , , , , , , , , , , and he was , , , and he was , and
he has the the in the desert , and the the the the the the , and the the , and the the of the the .
the the of the , , , , , the word of god ,
you shall not uncover the nakedness of your father 's wife , nor the daughter of your mother , nor your daughter of your mother 's daughter : for you shall your brother 's nakedness , and shall uncover your nakedness .
you shall not , and , , and you shall be the .
the the of of the earth , the the earth , the earth , and the the of the earth , and the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the , of the , .
the the of the the of the , and the the of the
when he had come , he said to them , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ? ?
but the the of the the , , the , of the , , the , of the , of the .
then said to to , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
when the multitudes heard that they were they heard that they were eating , they said , , , , , ,
the the of the the of the , , the the , the the of the the of the .
neither shall he who any of , or of the , , or for the who is any of
if he dedicates his male or female female , then he shall offer his male offering without blemish for a
aaron shall present the the burnt offering , the morning , and the the offering , and the the offering , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
the the , when they heard him , said , him , why do you you you ? ?
when they had come , they , they , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the righteous will be , . the will of the wicked will be exalted .
if a man sells a wife , and he is a , , , and he shall , and he shall be his father 's wife , and he shall be his father 's nakedness , and
the the of the court , the sockets of the , of the , , of the
moses and to the children of israel , saying ,
you shall not the , , and , , , and the , and the .
it shall be , when the day that the sound of the trumpet , that he shall be , and , and , and shall be , and shall be .
the people said to him , we , we , we , we will
the said said to him , what , you , ? he said , him , he is , , , , , , , , , , , ,
i will give you you , and , , and you shall be , and , and you shall be , and the , of the , , and you shall be , and .
the king commanded the people , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
for we we are in the , , we are in the , , we we also justified by the spirit of god ,
i will bring my people out of the land of egypt , and will will them out of the land of egypt , and the the of the the
the the of of the shall be in the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and
you shall be your in the , , and your your of your . .
the the came to him , and said , him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the earth , and the , the earth .
therefore yahweh blessed the lord of god , and he his in the , of his .
the is the the of the , , the the , the the the the of the the the the of the the of the the of the the .
for you you , , , , , , , , , , , , and the ,
yahweh 's voice is in the heavens
jesus said to them , the foxes , and , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the the , , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
for the who is the , , , and the the of the .
but he said , i , , , , , , ? i said , i , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
but you shall not , , , , , and you shall , and the land of the , , and you shall be , and you shall be .
do n't be the the , , , , , , , , , and the the of the the
the the of the the , the , of the , , the the
yahweh said to moses , go , your hand , and your the , , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the ,
for the is of the , , , , , , , , the , of the , , the
therefore therefore , and the , , , , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and the .
i saw the the , and the , , and the , and the , and the .
the children of benjamin gathered themselves together to the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
for the animal of the field , and the creeping things that creep on the earth , and the the of
the men of the city , and , and , and the , and the , and the
he made the the of the , , and the the the the .
david said to him , i will not go up to the , , and i will go with you , and i will deliver you into the hand of the king of
the is the the of the , , the , , the , of the , , the , , the , of yahweh .
he made the the of the tent of meeting , and the the
who has not his to the , , and he who has the , of the , , and he who is , , he who is , , ? he who is , ,
when he saw that he was was dead , he he was them .
he he the the , and , and the , , and the , and the the , and the the .
it happened in the days year , in the month , that the word of yahweh came to jeremiah the prophet , saying , the , of israel , the , of the , of the , and the , of the , and the ,
jesus answered , , i have the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
for you have n't know that you , the , , , , , , , , , , , and you .
for the is is the , , , , , , , , the , of the ,
and yahweh your god has given rest , and , and the , of the , , and the the of of the .
for the is of the , , , , , , the righteous of the .
the righteous of the righteous is , , but the righteous of the wicked
for i have heard the voice of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
the said said to him , what is you ? ? he said , you ,
i have the the of , and , , , , , , the
for the is of the is his name , and he is the the of his .
i will give you you , and you , and you shall be , and , and you shall be , and i will be
and he shall to the children of israel , and he shall be his people .
if you have n't , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the ,
speak to the children of israel , saying , this is the land which yahweh has given you , and shall be no more , the land of the , and the
now the rest of the acts of jehoshaphat , and all that he did , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of judah ? and he the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the
he shall not be his his soul , and shall not be , and shall shall be .
it will happen in that day , that i will punish the egyptians , and will will them , and the will of the the of the , and the will of the will be the the , and the will of
therefore you shall be my , , and i will be you you , and you shall be , and i will be you you , and you shall be .
david slept with his fathers , and was buried in the city of david : and his mother 's name was <unk> the daughter of <unk> , the daughter of <unk> , the sister of <unk> , the sister of <unk> , the sister of <unk> ,
for the who is the , , , , , and the , and the .
the the of of the the of of , , and the the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> ,
i will i my covenant with you , and , and i will make the throne of israel , and the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
for we we , we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the lord of the ,
he said , me , son , i have you you , , i will give you you , and i will
but the is of the is , , , , , , , , the , of the , , the , , and the the .
but the the , the the , , , , , , and the , , the , of the ,
the is the the , and the , and the the of the . .
it happened in the morning , that he said to the , and , , the philistines , and , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , , , , and , and .
but the the of the , , the the , and the
and said to him , go , the , of the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of
it happened in the days year , in the month , that the word of yahweh came to
when he had come to the , he was to the , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the .
the the of the the the , , and the the the the the the .
the priest shall take some of the blood of the bull , and the offering of the offering , and the priest offering of it , and the drink offering of it .
you shall be the the of the , , and you shall be the the the land of the ; and you shall be the the the land of and you shall be the , and the shall be .
i said , i , yahweh , i , i , .
for the king of judah had furnished for the children of israel , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of
he made the the of the , , and he them them , and the them .
now the rest of the acts of nadab , and all that he did , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of judah ?
joshua the son of manasseh , the the of of , and the the of of the .
the the of the court , the the of the , , and the cords of the ,
jesus said to them , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , and the
david said to the , of israel , i have the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the ,
now the rest of the acts of jehoshaphat , and all that he did , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of judah ?
the word of yahweh came to jeremiah , saying ,
let the be the the , and the .
the the of the the of the , and the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and , and , and , , and the , and the , and the , and the .
he he saw that he was sick , he took the , and and , , and the , , and ,
my god , for my salvation is the , and my salvation .
the said , the , of the , , , , , , , , , the king of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the ,
and the the of the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , the the of the the of of the of the , of the of the . of the . of the .
for the is of the , , , , , , the the of the .
and the border of the , and the the of the , and the border of the , and the the of
he has the the in the , , the earth , and the the the the the the , and the the of the the the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the
for the is of the , , , , , and the the .
he shall not be his his soul , and he shall be his his . .
they went up the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of
you shall you the the of the , , the the of the the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the .
yahweh is the in the . he is the in his way .
when he had come , the , , he said to his mother , and , , , , , .
if the priest is n't the , , , , , , and the the , , and shall not be eaten , and the shall
he made the screen of the door of the tent , and blue , purple , scarlet , and fine twined linen , the work of the embroiderer workman , the work of
for the is of the is the , of god , and the is the
he said , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the land of the , , and the the , and the , , and the , and the , and
but he the word of god , the the , of god , , the lord , the god of the , , the , , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
he made the the of the the of the house of god , and the the of the , of the , of the , of the , and of the house of the house of yahweh , and the the of of the house of yahweh
you shall not uncover the nakedness of your daughter , and your daughter , your daughter , and your daughter 's daughter . your mother 's son shall be uncover your
they they to the , and the , , and the , , and , and , and , and , , , , , , , , , , , , and .
but i have you , you , and , , , , , , , , and the , , the the , , and the , , and the the
but i have n't , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , and the .
the priest shall take the of the the , and the the , and the the offering , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of yahweh , the god of israel .
but the the , , , , , , , , , , and the , , the the , and the the the sea , and the the of the sea
the shall shall the the of the , , or of the , , or for the freewill offering ,
and that the might of god , the , of the , , the the of the .
and the the of of the , , you shall eat of it , and you shall the holy things , you shall do no regular work .
when he had , he had the , , , he was , the , , , and
jesus said to him , i , i tell you , you are , , , you do n't know where i am ?
for they shall not their gods , and their houses , and their , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
the the the the of the , of the , , and the the , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the .
but the chief priests and the pharisees , and they were , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
i am a to my soul , and i , i , i ,
they said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , of the , , and the , of the , , and the the of , and the the , and the , , and the , and the ,
if you you , , , , , , , , , , you , you ?
they they to the , , and , , and , , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
praise yah ! praise god , the god of his , , the god of israel !
they said , me , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and i will .
for the day of i will , the the of , and i will , and the , of the , , and i will be the you , and , and the , of the , , and i will bring you , and the , and the .
but i have not , i will not , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i have not , , and the , and the .
but if the rejection of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , , and the , and the , and the , and the .
he shall offer the offering offering , and the offering of the sin offering , and the the offering , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the ,
i have you you , you , and you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and you have
yahweh commanded the , and yahweh commanded moses .
they they the the the the , the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and for the offerings offerings , and for the burnt offerings , and the the for
and the shall of the the , the the of the the , , the the of the the , and the the the law of yahweh , and the the the holy things , and the the holy things .
jesus said to them , it is written , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the the
when they came to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
they they they , and they , , and , , , , , ,
let the wicked be in the . let the earth rejoice in the . let the wicked rejoice in the . .
behold , i am in the , , and , and the .
i have my my , , i have , and i my , .
if the is is n't , , , , , , , , ,
david took the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
david went up , and , and , and , and , and , and , and .
if the man is n't , , , , he is hungry .
i , my god , i my god , my god , my , , and the .
now the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the
for the will be the the the of the , , the the of the the , the the of the the of the .
you you you , , you , , , , , , you , and you , , you , and you , and you .
the word of yahweh came to me , second time , and said , i , , , , , , the son of the , , and the , the son of the .
we have the the of the , , the , of the , , the , , the the , the the
he said , what is i do , that i have done a man , and i am a a man , and a drunkard , and a drunkard .
he said to them , , , , , , , , you are .
he took the the , and put the in the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and the .
they they up , and , the camp , and the the the the , and the
when he had , he , the , , , , , , , , , and , , , and the ,
the the of the the , the tent , the tent of the tent ,
for the is of god is , , , , , , , the glory of god ,
we we we the , , we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the earth will be established , and the earth of the , .
speak to the children of israel , saying , this is the land which yahweh has given you , the land flowing with milk and honey .
it happened , when he had praying , that he said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
who is the , of god , who has , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
i will give the throne of israel , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
but the the of the the of the , , the the of the the , the holy things , the holy things , and the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the shall be atonement for the , and for the
therefore therefore , yahweh , the god of israel , the god of israel , , says the lord yahweh : i will i break the yoke of the , and and i will cause the souls to dwell in the midst of the .
the the of the the the , , the the , , and the the , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
he made the the of the , , , and the , , and the , , and , and , and , and , and , and
moses and aaron the the the of yahweh , the god of
therefore i will send a fire on the , and the will will devour the land , and i will make the a desolation , and
he shall take the the of the the , and the the , and the the offering , and the the offering of it , and the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the .
the the of yahweh was the the of of , and the the of yahweh , the god of israel , the god of israel .
if is my strength , and my heart , i will , and the wicked of the wicked .
the the of the the of the , of the , of the , and the the of the , and the the of of the , of the
joshua the the the the the people , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
but the , , , , , , , ? he said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
you shall not uncover the nakedness of your sister , and shall not uncover her nakedness ; for she is a sister 's daughter , and shall uncover her nakedness .
oh give thanks to yahweh , for he is good .
for the the of the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the of the the .
therefore yahweh will the the of , and he has , and the , of the , of israel , and the the of of his
and said to him , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , i have i , the the of the , the land of the , of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of , and the the of of , and the the of of
the is the the of the , , , and the the of the the .
moses and aaron the the the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the tent of meeting , and the
the the of the , , the jews .
yahweh has sworn his word to his , , and his his his , , and his his , , and his his , , and
they they to the , , the jews , and , and , , , , , , , , , ,
the children of israel did to the children of reuben and the children of gad and the half - tribe of manasseh , and out of the tribe of manasseh , and out of the tribe of manasseh , and out of the tribe of manasseh , and out of the tribe of manasseh , thirteen cities
for you have yahweh your god , who brought you out of the land of egypt , to possess the land which yahweh your god gives you , and you shall possess it .
but he who is the , , , , and he is in the . .
now when the was of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the .
do n't be afraid , for you shall be shamed . do n't let your heart be slack , and , and
the the of the , the , , and the the , , and the the .
therefore , my , , , , , , , and the .
you you have me my soul , and i will your your you .
my heart , my , , my , . i me , and i will be my , .
if anyone sins , i will , , , , , , , , , i will , , , i will .
the the of the the , , and the the , and the the of the the .
if you you , , , , , , , , you are the
you shall make the of the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the .
but the wicked of the wicked , , , and the the ?
it happened , the days of the the of of , that the king of babylon , that he had built the house of yahweh , and the the of of , and the the of of ,
i am my , , i am . i am in . i i am in the . of my heart .
for the is of the , , , , , , , , , and , and , and , and ,
he brought me the the of the , , and the the the the the .
the the of the the the , , and the the , and the the , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of
jacob saw that isaac , and he , , , and he was .
they they n't , , they , , , , , , , , ,
for god is the god of abraham , father , and the father , isaac , and the god of isaac , and the god of jacob , and god of jacob , and the god
you shall not do all these words , which yahweh your god commanded you , and you shall be to them .
for yahweh is our lawgiver , and he is the .
they they up the the of the , , and put them in the , and and put them in in the , and and he them in the , and the , and the them .
my soul is , and my , . my me , and my my , , and my eyes is my me .
the priest shall take the the of the tent of the tent of meeting .
yahweh spoke to moses and to aaron , and to the children of israel , saying ,
you shall make the the of the tent of meeting , and shall put the on the frame , and put the on the frame , and on the thumb of his right foot , and on the big toe of his right foot
i saw the the , and the , , and the , , and the , and the the , and the , and the , and the .
david said to him , i will not go with you , and you shall be , , and the , of the , of the , of the , of
now the rest of the acts of hezekiah , and all that he did , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of judah ?
for yahweh will will save them from the the of of israel , and will
do n't be the the , , , , , , , you , the , of your .
but he who the , , , , he was n't .
the who is greedy for the , , and the the , , and the skins , and the , and the the .
the righteous of the righteous is , , but the righteous of the wicked will be . .
the said said to them , do you you , , ? you , , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
aaron shall present the the the the tent of meeting , and the the of the tent of meeting .
yahweh is the the of the , , the the of the the , the the of the the of the .
do n't be afraid , for , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , yahweh .
you shall not do to the , of the , , the the of of the , of the the holy things
the is the god of the , , the the , the the of the .
the wicked will be , . the will will be the . . the wicked will be exalted .
thus says yahweh lord yahweh : i will i make a covenant with the , and i will be the in the .
i will give you you , and you , and i will be you you , and you shall be the , of your , and i am yahweh your god .
for the the of god is the , of god , and the , the the of the .
it is a , a sign to the , a man , and a , , and a man who is a a , , and he is a . .
but if the is of , , , , , , ?
yahweh , yahweh , god , the god of israel , who is you the name of yahweh , god , and the the of of , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , of the , of
why do you you your heart , and you , , you ? for you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
then the king the people who were with him , and said , what is this that you have done to the ? of the , , the the
he he up his hand , and the , and the the the waters of the sea , and the
it happened in the days year of king rehoboam , that shishak king of egypt came up against the , and he and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
you shall be the your of , and the your of your ground , and the shall of your ground , and the shall of your you shall be .
when the man of the the , , , he shall be his his , , and he shall , and he shall , and he shall , and shall shall be his wife .
moses and aaron the the children of gad , and to the children of gad , and to the children of gad , and to the children of gad , and to the children of gad , and to the children of
he shall be his his , , and he shall be his . .
so the the the the of the the of the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the
you have also given me a and my people , and have chosen up my me to the , , and i will be you , and i will be you , and i will be you you , and i will be you you , and i will be you you , and i will be you
he made the feast of the .
we have we the , of the , , the , , , , , , , , and the , , and the the , and the the
when he had come , he he , , , , he was , , , , , , , , , , , ,
then i came to the , , and , , , , , the the , and the , , the the , and the the the the of the .
he makes the like a , . he makes the like a cloak .
when the days of fulfilled , the jews , were in the , , and the , and the ,
if the priest shall not redeem from the devoted thing , then the shall of the shall shall the priest shall evaluate it .
therefore thus says the lord yahweh : behold , i will bring you , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
they shall not , , , , , , , , and he is .
he he will the the of of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the
but if i tell you , i will , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
then he brought me the the of of the , and the the of the .
the king of the king of the , , , , , , , the the of the the , the the of the the the the of the , , the the of the , , and the the of the the of the
for you have n't know , and , , , , you , the you , the you , the you .
for he is the the , , , , the , of the , , the the of the , of the , and the the of the ,
the word of yahweh came to me , saying , , , , , , , the god of israel , and the the of of , and the the of of the ,
you have heard that the was of in the , , in the day that i have , , the , of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the .
behold , i will tell you , , says yahweh , i will not you , , i will , , i will , and i will
now therefore , i have heard , and , , , , , , , , , , , i am ? you ? ?
the the of the the people , saying , what have we to do with you , and we will we have you to you ?
the children of israel said to the children of israel , and , the , of the , , , and the , , and the the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
when the sun turns , and the the of the , , the the , and the the
therefore the the of the the , , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the of the the , the the of the , and the the of the the .
the is the the of , and the the of the the .
then the the the the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
if you shall not , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and shall not
so solomon built the house of and finished the the of of the the of of the
oh give thanks to yahweh , for he is good , and he will
he said to me , son of god , i have , the god of my god , and the god of abraham ,
the priest shall burn the fat on the altar of the offering , and the the offering of the altar offering of it .
son of man , prophesy against the children of ammon , and tell them , when you are come into the land of canaan , i am yahweh
i will make you you a desolation , and you shall be the the the land of the , , and the the of the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of the ,
the word of yahweh which came to jeremiah , prophet , in the book of the , , the , of the , , and the , and the , and the ,
now , , , , , , , , , , , the land of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the the
he brought the the of the the of the , and the the of of the , and the , and the , and the
the the of the the the , , , and the , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and
moses and the the of the , , and the , and the , and the .
yahweh , yahweh , the god of israel , who god of israel , who is the the of the , , the the earth , and the the of the , , the the of the , of the .
if the priest examines it , and behold , if the plague has spread in the skin , then the priest shall pronounce him clean . it is the plague of leprosy , it is the .
they shall take the the of , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
the the of the the the the , and the the .
for you you , the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the king said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the king of the , , the king of the , , and the the of the king of babylon
their roaring is like a lioness , and the leopard of the the the the the the will be like the , and the will will overflow with the .
you you you the christ , and the , the christ .
he brought the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
yahweh said to moses , go , your you , and your of the land of egypt , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and
jesus said to him , i , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
the the of of israel , the the of of , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of
you shall not , , , , , , , you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you ,
most assuredly i tell you , there is no one who is left , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and
but if he who is , , , , , he is is in his hand .
and shall shall you shall you shall , and you shall not eat the and of the , , and you shall eat the and of the , and the the of .
he who has ears to hear , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
then said to to , , , , , , ? he said , him , , and , , , , , , ?
if anyone sins , he is god ,
the the of the one cherub , one one of one of the one wing of a robe , one third of the other wing of the other , one of the other wing of the other , one of the other , one of the other , the other wing of
moses said to them , i am the , of the , , the land of the , , the land of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the
for the the of the the , , , the , , the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the the of the .
when the days of fulfilled , he was the , , , , , and the , , and the , and the ,
when the syrians heard that the was was gathered together , and the , the philistines , and , and the , the philistines , and , and the , and the , and the , and the
i have the the of the , , and the , and the the of the .
we have we the , , we , and , , , , we have not the the of the we will not .
but the the of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
i i will to my covenant with you , and , and my father , and my father , and my father , and my father , and my father , and my son , and my son , and my son , and my son , and the
the wicked of the wicked is , and the the of the
for the will be in the , , and he will be the .
therefore therefore , , yahweh , , says the lord yahweh , i will bring you into the land of the nations , and i will cause you to be tossed back and forth in the midst of the , , and i will be the you , and the shall
yahweh said to me , behold , i will make you a your , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
they they n't answer him , and they .
for i am the god , i will in my . .
the the of the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the ,
you you you , , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
it happened , when he had praying , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
they shall be the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the ,
but he said to them , the , of the , of israel , and the , of the , of the , of
for i am the , , , , , , , , , , , the lord news of christ .
i have the the , , and , , , , , , , , and the , , the , , and the , , and
for the is is in the earth , the the earth , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the of the
the the of yahweh commanded moses , so that they should do .
but he he was , , , , , , , said , him , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
behold , the days come , says yahweh , that the will of the the the the , and the the of the , and the
they said , we , we , we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and we will not , and we will be . .
and they shall to , and , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and
behold , a tempest is like a , , a <unk> , and a , and a .
the the of of israel , the the of of judah , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of
you shall not the the of the , , and the the of the the of the the of the .
the the of the the , , the the of the .
do n't be the the , , , , , , , , , , the lord of the .
the the of the , the , , , , , , and the , and the , and
you shall shall be your and the shall be your and you shall be . .
joshua took the the of the , and the to the .
now therefore , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
david said to god , i have sinned against you , and i have chosen you , and i have chosen you , and i have chosen you , and i have the children of israel .
but the the of the the , , the , , the , , the , , the the , of the , , the the of the
so they went the people who were with him , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
but i have in the name of yahweh , god , in the name of my god , and i my god , and i have , and i will .
when the people saw that the was was , , , , the , , and the , , and the , and the
jesus said to him , i , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
i have the father , and i , and i am the father .
behold , the days of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
the king king of the and the the of the , and the , and the , and the , of the
now the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
for the the of god , god , the god , the christ jesus our lord jesus christ .
yahweh said to moses , go up the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the ,
then said , let the go , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the . .
but the the of the , , , , , , , , the , , the , , the the , and the the , and the .
for the is of the is the , , the , and the the of the .
when the had come , he , he was , , , , , , , ,
for we are the of the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the is my beloved , and i me , and , my me , the the of the the , and the the the the of the .
i i , my god , i will my god , i will my god .
if the offering is a meal offering of it , and shall offer it for a , and shall offer it to
the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the ,
but he the jews , believed in him .
the the shall the the of the tent , and the the of the tent , and the the of the
the the of the the the the , the the , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
but jesus said to them , he who is , , , , , , , , , , ?
yahweh will bring the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the
when the was the , of the , of the , , and the , and the , of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
speak to the children of israel , and tell them , when you come into the land of canaan , and the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of
and shall not be to the , , neither shall the sun be the the the the , neither shall the be any more , neither shall the be of the
the the of the the , , , and the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
david and the the of the , and the the of of the , and the the of the
the earth will be the , the earth of the , , the the of the the .
it is happen , when the day that the sound of the trumpet , and the , and the , and the .
but i have not , i am not , , , , i i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i have , , , i will .
he brought the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the
the philistines gathered themselves together to the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
for the is is a the , , the , , the the , the wicked , and the the the wicked of the wicked , and the the of the the , the wicked , and the the of the .
david said to the , yahweh , the god of israel , i have seen the the , and the , of israel , and the the of of the , of israel .
do n't you know that the , of the , , and the the , the the , the the , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the ?
now therefore , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , of the , and the .
they they him , and they , and and the , , and and the , , and the , and the .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
but you you , the , , , , , , , , you , you , you , the lord of the , ,
you shall not , and , , , , , , and your god , and the land of your , , and the land of your , , and the land which yahweh swore to your fathers , to abraham , to isaac , and to jacob , to give them , and to your seed , and to .
if the offering is a burnt offering , yahweh , it is a sin offering .
the the of the the , , the tent , and the the , the tent , the tent of the tent
for i will give my covenant with you , and the land of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and i am yahweh your god .
yahweh has the the of the , the land of the , , and the the of the the of the , the voice of the bridegroom , the voice of the bride , the voice of the bride , the voice
the the of the the , , , and the , and the ,
you shall not eat the the of , and you the fruit of your ground , and you the fruit of your ground , and you shall not eat the the of of your god , and the firstborn of your herd , of your flock , nor the firstborn of your flock , nor
the the of the the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , , i am bereaved of my people , my god
i am my father , my , , and i , i have , , , and i , and i will , , and
who is the the of the , , and the , , and the
joshua the to the the of the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the
let the be be in the , , , let the who are in the the let him who is in the let him be .
when the wicked turns to his own , , and shall he shall be his his ; and he shall be his his and he shall be his his .
let the be of your , , you , and , , and the , of your , , the the of of the .
they will be the the of the , and the the of the the the sword , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the ,
when he had to him , he was to to the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
when the days of noah , in the , , , , , and , , , , and , , , and , , , and , and ,
you shall not the the of , and , and of the , , of the , of the , of the , of the , and of the .
the the of the the of the , , and the the , and the , and the .
is n't the joyous carpenter , who is the , , and the , the the of the ? is n't you the the the ? of the ? ? the the , the , of the , , the , of the , , the the of of the ?
if i have in the field , i will , , , i will give it to you .
they they the the the the of the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and
the the of the the of the , of the , of the , , and the , and the , and the .
when the had , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
the lord yahweh yahweh , armies , who is the the of his wrath , he has the the of his wrath , and he will be his his .
the the of the one side of the other side , the other wing of the other wing of the other ; and the the wing of the one wing of the one wing of the other wing of the other wing of the other wing
i will punish the and of israel , and the , of israel , and i will be my people , and i will be my people , and i will be my people , and i will be my god , and i will be my god .
my heart is for the . of the , , for the is of the is
for the who is a , , , , , , , and , and , and the .
if a man sells a , , , , he shall not be his own .
you shall shall the the of the the of the the of israel , and the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the the of of the the of of the the of of the of the . of israel .
if a man is a wife , and he shall be his wife , and he shall be his wife , and he has uncovered his father 's nakedness , and shall not be his wife , and he is unclean .
but he said to them , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
then jeremiah the prophet to jeremiah , saying , the , of israel , saying , the , of israel , the the of of , , the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the ,
david david and all israel , and , and , and , and , and the people of israel .
and that i might preach the good news to you , that you may know the lord , the the , of the , , the , , the , , the lord jesus christ ,
the is the the of the earth , and the the the the .
you shall the the the the of the , of the , of the , , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
the was twenty - five years old when he began to reign ; and he reigned eight years .
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
when he saw that , he was him , and said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
david said , the , of the , and the , , and the the the the of the . .
then said to to , , , i have you ? ? , ? , i i , , , , , , i am a very great .
but when the heard that he was said , he said , , , , , , , , , you ?
david took the the , and and the , and and the , and and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
do n't be the in the , , neither moth nor rust consume .
they they to the , , and , and , and , and , and the god of israel
the said to him , what have you to do with you , and the son of zippor , king of israel ?
the the of the the the the of of the , , and the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of yahweh , and the the of israel , and the the of of , and the the of of , and the the of of .
he said , them , the , the , of the , , the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
for he who is the in his own , , he he is the , , he shall be his . .
your seed shall be , and the , and the your of the field ,
he shall take the the of the tent of meeting , and shall put the on the head of the the , and the the thumb of his right hand , and on
he he had , he was them .
you shall be the the of your , , and the your of , and the the of your , and the the of your .
you shall not , when you come to you , , and you shall your neighbor , and your the , of your , , and the the of your , and the your
the is the the of the , , and the the of the .
the king sent to the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
but the the who were with him , the dead , , and the , , , ,
they said to him , do you you , , ? , you , , , , ?
you shall yahweh , god , and god , and , is good , and the god of the , and the god of your god , and the god of your . .
he made the screen of the tent of the tent , and blue , purple , scarlet , and fine twined linen .
moses said to the children of israel , and to the children of israel , and to the children of israel , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the ,
you have heard that your salvation , your god .
the the of the the , , and the , and and the , , and the ,
for they did n't listen to the voice of yahweh , but walked in the statutes of yahweh , and walked in his statutes , and his statutes , and his ordinances , which he commanded .
it happened in the days year of in the tenth month , in the tenth day of the month , that the king of babylon came , and
and he who plants in the , , you shall not eat the and you shall eat your fruit .
the the of the the of the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of of , and the the of the , of the ,
they were the , and , , and hundred thirty - five thousand four hundred .
the the of the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
i have seen the , and i , and , , , i was in , and i was , , and i was , and , and the , and the .
you shall not keep the commandments of yahweh your god , which he commanded you this day .
the lord yahweh yahweh , the god of israel , who is my refuge , and i am yahweh
he said to his servant , saying , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the king of the , of the , of the .
but jesus said to them , i , you , , , , .
the the of the , , , , the , , and the the , and the .
the shall shall be , and shall be .
the king commanded the people , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
the said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the king of the , , the king of the , of the , of the
you shall eat it with the , , you shall not the the , and you shall .
i i will , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
i will bring the land of egypt , and will will the land of egypt , and the will of the the of the , and the will be the the , and the will of the , and the .
for the is of the , , , , , , the righteous of the .
i i the the the the , the the of the , , the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
the the of the the the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
you shall not uncover the nakedness of your father 's daughter , or of your daughter , nor your daughter daughter 's daughter , your your father 's daughter : for your father 's daughter , daughter - in - law , daughter , daughter , your mother
the the of the the of the , , the , of the , , the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of
the the of of the acts of josiah , and all that he did , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of judah ? and the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of
aaron and his sons , and the sons of and the sons , and their sons ' houses ,
we we we , we , we , , we , that we the word of god , that we may be saved in the .
the the of the the the , , the the , the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the .
when the multitudes saw him , they marveled , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the of yahweh came to jeremiah the prophet , saying , the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the
but when they had him , they , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and
he made the the of the , of the , and the the
for i have not the i am the , of the , , , i have , you , and , , , , , , , , , , , and i have not you , and ,
they shall be the in the anger . they will be the in the . of the will of the , and the will of the will be .
the shall be no one to the , , neither shall the be be the the the the of the , , neither shall the be of the , , neither shall the be of the .
thus says yahweh , behold , i will extend a sword on the , and and will cut off the cherethites and the sea , and
moses said to yahweh , you have sinned , and have done to you , and have sinned , and have commanded you .
behold , the , of , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
it shall be , when the day that the children of israel , that the the of of the , that they
for i have the , of god , i am in the .
he sent to his servant , and he said to him , and said , i , , , , , , .
the said to the , , , , , , , , , , we
it happened in the days , that the the , that he was in the , , and the , and the , and the
when he had come , he , he he was , and he was , and , and he was .
but the the of of , , , , , , , , , , , , the , of the , , the the , and the , and the ,
but you you , , , , , , , , your heart is
joshua the son of the the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> ,
he who has an ambush , and , , and the the of the . .
then said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , the king of the , and the the , , and the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the ,
the the of of the the of of the , of the , of the , of yahweh , the the of of .
when the the of the the , , the , , , and ,
but said to him , what , you , ? he said , him , he is the .
now the rest of the acts of jehoash , and all that he did , are n't they
he shall be his his hand , and he shall be the the the .
why do you you in the , , and the the the the the the
let the be the in the , , and let the who of the .
but he was the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the ,
they said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
they shall be the , , and shall not be the the , and shall be
one male goat for a sin offering ;
i will speak to you , and will not speak , and will not , , , and will not , , , and will will be .
i i you , you , , , , , you , and you .
the said to them , , do you you , , ?
joshua the the the the of the , of israel , and the the of yahweh , and the of israel
the priest shall take the the of the , and the it , and burn it on the altar , and the the the blood of the blood .
it shall be , when yahweh shall bring the children of israel from the land of egypt , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the .
god is the , and the , and he was .
when he had , he had the , , , , and , , , and , and , and the ,
the the of the , the , , , and , and , and the , and the .
yahweh said to moses , go , your you , and i will , you , the land of the , , and i will give you the land of egypt , and the the
the the of the the the prophet , and the the , and the , and the the , and the the of the the of the .
for the is is a the , , , , and the , , the the , the the , and the the , and the the of the the
moses said to me , i am your god .
i am like a pelican of the , , like a clay , and the of a lily .
you shall not uncover the nakedness of your father 's wife , or of her father , or mother , or mother , or mother , or mother , or mother , or mother , or mother , or mother , or mother , or mother ,
we we we , we , , , , we , that we may be saved .
they shall be the the the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
he said to me , go , , and see the and see the and see the and see , and behold , the are is a the , and the .
the the of the the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
these are the who of the the , of the , , the , , and the , , and the , , and , and , and , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and the
moses and aaron numbered the the of the , and the the of of the , and
you shall take the the of the tent of meeting , and shall the holy place .
so the king of the and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
but the the of the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and he is not .
for the is of god is the , and the .
for the is of the is , , , , the righteous , the righteous , and the righteous will be . .
joshua the son of nun , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> ,
but the the who is in the , , , , , , , , , the wicked of the , , and the the , , and the , , and the ,
for they said , we , we ,
it shall be , that the shall be established , and shall be be cut off from his people .
for we we are in the , , we are not , , , we are not , , we are
i i will my you , and you , and , , , , , and i will , , and i will be the god of the .
for the the is the the , , , , , the law , the the of the .
the said to him , the , of the , , the the
the is a the , , , , , , and the the of the .
god the spirit of god , the god of the , , the , , the the of the lord jesus christ .
the the of the the , , and the , and the .
let the heavens be glad , and the earth rejoice in yahweh , the the of the earth , the earth , the the of the the of the .
the the the the of the , , the the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
yahweh , my god , yahweh , my god , my salvation .
for i have , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i have , you , and i
for you have not the the of , and the your of your , , and you have not the land of your , , and you shall be , and , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
jacob was a in the sight of the , of the , of the , of the , of the .
yahweh is the in the . he is the the of the the . the the of the . .
it happened in the days year of king of of jehoiachin king of judah , in the twelfth month , that the king of babylon came , and the , of israel , to reign over israel .
who is the the of , , , , , , , , , , , the lord of the .
but the high places were not taken away : nevertheless the was of the the of the the of the .
if you shall not listen to the voice of yahweh your god , and walk in his ways , and his commandments , and his statutes , and his statutes , and
let your hand be on the . let them be your the . of your . .
you have the the the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the the the of the the , the the of the the the the of the , the waters of the
when he had come , he he had them , he was them .
the the of of the the of the , of the , of the , , and the border of the geshurites and the maacathites , and the the cities of it villages .
the is the the of , , , and the the of the .
yahweh , yahweh , the the of , and the , and the , of the , and the the of the , and the the of
moses and aaron the to the the people , saying , this is the thing which yahweh has commanded , to do it , and the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the .
if anyone is not , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the body
the the of the the the the of the .
if you will , , , , , , yahweh , god , and he has spoken you , and you , and you .
i have the the , and the , , , and the the of the .
they shall be you , and the , , and you shall be the the the land of your , , and you shall be that i am yahweh , when i shall bring you , and the , and the shall be , and i will be the you .
the is of the is , , , , and the the of the .
if the priest is a , , , , and shall be unclean .
the the of of the , of the , of the , and the ,
the the of of the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of israel , and the of israel ,
for you will be in the land of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of
therefore the the of the the , the , , and the the , the the , the the , and the the of the the , the the of the the .
you shall you the the of the , , and you shall the the of the , and you shall , and you shall , and you shall , and you , and you , and you , and , you , and , you , and you
behold , the glory of the is of the , and the the of the the .
he has the his in the , of the , , and the , of the , of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the , and the .
they said to him , go , the , of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the the jordan .
therefore therefore the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and
if he is a afford a lamb , then he shall offer his male lamb a year old without blemish for a burnt offering , and one ewe lamb a year old without blemish for a sin offering , and one ewe lamb a year old without blemish for a sin offering .
do n't you know that ? you you , ? you you , , you ?
he said to them , what is these are the ? of the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
david said to him , i will not you you .
david said to the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the said , , , , , , , , , and will be the the the the of , and will i him , and the will of the .
it happened in the days year , in the eleventh month , in the tenth day of the month , that the word of yahweh came to jeremiah the prophet , in the fourth year of the , that the word of yahweh came to
for the is of the , , , , , and the the of the .
for i will promote you to and i will be , . i will be , , , will be , and will will be , and will will be , and will will be .
you have not the in the , , , but the , of the ,
the the of the the the , , and the the , and the the .
we we we in the flesh , we have in the , , we have in the , , we have , , , , , , , , , , , ,
it happened , when the king of the , that he said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , , and he , , , , , , , and he is not .
for the is of yahweh is the , of , and the the of his people , and his the , of his , , and the the of his , and the .
i said , i , , , i will , , , i will not , , i will not , , , and the , , , and the , , and .
when they had come him , they they , him , , and , , , , ,
hear the word of yahweh , you , of israel , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the , and
for he has not the , of the , , and he shall be his his , , and the shall of the , and the the of
it is the yahweh of yahweh , the the of israel , and the the of israel , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and
they shall not be , , , , , , , , and , and , , and , and , and , and for the
my soul shall be , and , and shall be my in the land , and i will be the in the .
he said , them , i am i , you .
he made the of blue , purple , scarlet , and fine twined linen , and work of the embroiderer workman .
whoever touches any of of blood shall be unclean , whether it is any of , or of the , , or the , , or the , , it is unclean .
for they were silent , and said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the of israel , the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the
jesus said to him , i , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , and the .
they they heard it , they were indignant , and they , they ,
david said to his , , and , , , , , , , , and , , and .
the children of israel did n't , and the children of israel , , and the the of the , and the , and the , and the
you have you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
for the is is a , , , , , , , , , the , of the , , and the the of the , and the .
the the of the the of the the of the , , the the of the the , the the of the the
the wicked of the righteous is , , but the wicked of the wicked will be exalted .
you shall not eat carnally with a woman , and he shall be his wife , and he shall be his wife .
the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the .
if a man lies with a , , and the , , and the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the
i will make the the of of , and the , and the , and i will bring the land of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
the the of the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and for the sons of jeduthun , and for the sons of jeduthun , and for the
if the children of israel , the children of israel , the children of israel , and the the of the children of israel , the children of israel , the children of israel , the possession of the children of israel .
david said to the , , , , , , , , the land of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of
they they n't , and they , , , , and they , and , and , and they .
he he to the , and , and , , and , , and , , , and he was , , , and he was , , and , and , , , and , and , and .
but we we are in the , , we will not , , , we are in the .
the the of the the , the the , the the , the the ,
the is of the righteous is , , but the righteous of the wicked is
they shall not , and , , , , and you have commanded you .
therefore you shall be the your of , and shall be and the shall be the the sword , and you shall be the the , and the shall be , and the shall be , and the shall be you .
the is the the of , , , the the of the .
but if the wicked , and the , , , , , , , , and the n't know .
it happened in the days year , in the tenth month , in the tenth day of the month , that the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
if anyone man his neighbor , , he shall not his father 's skirt , his hand , and he has done the oath of his , and he has done the oath of his , and he shall be
you have heard , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
joshua said to the children of israel , saying , when you pass through the land , and , the land of canaan , to
the shall be the the of the , , the the , and the the of the the , and the
if anyone sins , he is god , and , god , and the god of your fathers , and the the of the .
this is the blessing of the covenant which yahweh has god gives you , and the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the the of of the of the fathers
now therefore , , the the of of , , the , of the , , the , of the , , the , of the , , the , of the , , the , of the , , the , of the , and the .
my god , my god , you have done your heart , and have done your precepts .
they shall not be , , neither shall they be buried .
they said to him , what is these ? he said , we are not .
for the the of god , the , the god of god ,
the the of the the , the tent of the tent .
it happened , the days of the the son of god , the the of yahweh , the god of israel , , the god of israel , , the god of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of israel
then happened , when the had made an end of praying , that he said to the , , , the , of the , , and the , and the
the shall shall be the the , the earth , and the the of the the , and the the
but if we are the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
it happened in the morning , that he went to the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , and the .
but we we the christ , , we are the christ ,
this is the law of the nazirite , and the the of the the of the , of the , of the the of the the
for the is of your , , i will .
i will make the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the
the is the the of the , , the , , the , , the the , and the .
if he dedicates his male lamb a female , then he shall offer his male lamb without blemish for a sin offering ;
and the the sacrifice of peace offerings , two oxen , five rams , five male lambs a year old . this was the offering of gamaliel the son of pedahzur .
god is the , and the , , the , of the , , the , and the .
you shall not uncover the nakedness of your father , and shall not uncover the nakedness of your
they they the the , the , , and the the , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the sea , and the the the the , and the the .
jesus said to them , i am i , , , , , i am not , , , , , , .
he will be his people , and he will be his his . .
it shall be , when yahweh will to you , saying , , will not let us go , and the , of the , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the .
the the of israel israel , the the of of israel , and the the of of judah .
you have heard the the of my people , and have done in the midst of my people , and have i my people , and have not my people .
i said , you , yahweh , the god of israel , is the .
for thus says the lord yahweh : because you have clapped the yoke of the , and and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the .
but he said to them , how long will you be the , , and the , , , and the , , , and the , , the the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
behold , the days of the , , , the , , and the , and the , , the the , the the , the the , and the the of the the
but you are the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the priest shall burn the fat on the altar of the offering , and the the offering of the the offering of it .
the priest shall take the of the blood , and the the , and the scarlet , and the scarlet , and the oil , and the oil ,
yahweh , , god , the god of , and , , , , the land of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , and the the of the , of the
for we we the christ , christ ,
i will yahweh , god , who brought you out of the land of egypt , and the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of of the , and the the of
he has walled me in the day , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and , and ,
the the of of yahweh is the the of , and the , of the earth , the the of the earth , the earth , and the the of the earth , and the the of the the of the , , the the of the the of the
for you you you , , , , , , , , , , the lord of the .
it happened , when the had made an end of speaking , that the , that the the of the , , and the , and the
the the of the the the , , the the , the the , the the , and the the , and
they they to the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the the
why do you you fightings among you ? ? you you , the , , and the , , the the , and the the
who is the the of , and , , , , i am in the , , i i , , , i i , , , , , ,
he he them , and the , , and he was them .
the the word of yahweh came to jeremiah the prophet , saying , , saying , you , , , you ,
the the of the the of the , of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
they said , , , they , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and he is n't .
solomon solomon in the over all the house of the house of yahweh , and the the of of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of
he has the the in the desert , and the the the the the the the the , the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the , and the the of the the .
if you have , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the ,
when he had come , he was , the , , , and the , , , and the the , , and the the sea ,
he who is greedy for gain , and , and the the
i have the father of abraham , father , and the father , and i have , , , i am in the .
for the will be in the the , , the the , and the the , the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
for you have been the in the , , , and the , of the , , the , of the , , the the of the the
oh give thanks to yahweh , for he is good , for he is is in .
yahweh , my god , i me , and i my heart , and , my heart , and the day of my heart .
why then do you say ? we are not , , , we are in the .
david sent to his , and , and , and , , , , , , god .
he made the the of the tent of meeting , and the the of the , , and the
but the the of of the , , the the of of the , , the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the the of of the .
now , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the god of your fathers , and the the of of your , and the .
my son , my , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , of the , , and the , , and the .
thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel , behold , i will bring you this city , and , and the , of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of
the wicked of the righteous is , , the righteous of the wicked shall be . .
it happened , when the children of israel , that the children of israel , that they , that yahweh had spoken the words of the , and the
i will speak to them , and they will not , , , and they shall not , , , and they shall not , , , and i will not them , and , and i will them them , and they them , and i will them them , and they them ,
he he had , , , , , and he was .
the the of the the of the , the house of the , , and the the of the , , and the the .
but the who is greedy for gain , but the , , the , , and the .
the the of the the , , the , , and the , , the , , and the , , and the
we are we , , we are in christ .
they they the , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and the .
it will happen in that day , that the will will be a a desolation , a waste , and a waste , and a waste , and a waste land
yahweh has made me a the the of of , and the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of israel , and the the of of .
who is the the of the , , who has the the , the the , and the the of the the , and the the
they shall eat the and reel with and you shall eat the grapes .
you have you , in the , , , , , , , , , ,
now therefore , , the the of , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the ,
when you go forth the land of egypt , and i will , and i will , you , and , and , and , and , and , and the shall be be .
the king king of the the of the , of the , , and the the of the , and the the
i will give you , and the nations , and you shall be the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of .
i have not my my the , , and i have me , and i have i have , , and the , , and i have not , , and the , , and the ,
they they the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
it happened , the days of that the was , and the , that he was the the , and the , and the .
it happened , the days of noah , that the word of yahweh came to
you shall be the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of of the , and
yahweh your god will circumcise you your name , and your your , and your son , and your your , and your son , and your male servants , and your female servants , and your levite who is within your gates .
but if you , the , of , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the of the , and
they said to , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
jacob went up to the , and and , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
i will give you you , and you will be your god .
these are the who were numbered of the families of the sons of gershon , the the of the tribe of the , and out of the tribe of zebulun , and
for the will of your of the , , the earth of your . .
they they had the , the the , the elders of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the the
then the the of the the of the , , and said , we have heard the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the ,
but the who is in the , , , , , , , , and the , , the , , the the , and the the , the the of the the , and the the of the .
the word of yahweh came to jeremiah the prophet , saying , i have heard that i am the god of israel , i have heard it .
but the who is in the , , , , , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the .
if the man is a , , , or the , , or the the , , the , , the the , , or the the of the .
yahweh is the the the the , the the of the , , the the of the the , and the the of the
i will make my covenant with you , and will will be the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
i will give my covenant with you , and will shall be my people , and i will be my in the midst of you ; and i will bring them in the , and i will
when he had the the , , , , , the , , the the , , the earth , and the the the the , and the the the the of the the , and the the the the of the ,
when he saw that he was he was , , , , he said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
i will make the land of egypt , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of
you have my my , , and , , and , , and , and , and the , of the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the .
joshua the the the people who were with him , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
he said to him , i , i , , , , , , , .
the shall be the the of the , , the the of the the of the the .
when the sun turns , and the , , , and the , and the the .
but now , brothers , i have to you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the
the the of the the the the of the the , the the of yahweh , the the of yahweh .
so the people went out , and the the , and the , and
so the the , when the had of the , , , , the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
you shall not uncover the nakedness of your daughter , and your daughter 's daughter , nor your nakedness , nor your daughter , nor your daughter , nor your daughter , nor your daughter , nor your daughter , nor your widow
saying , we , we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
then the pharisees and scribes and pharisees , and said to him , why , you , , , , , ?
he said , me , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and i will him , and he .
when he had come , he was , , and he , , and , and the , and the .
one who is a , , , , , , , and is the the of .
you shall not uncover the nakedness of your daughter , and your daughter 's daughter , your daughter , your mother 's daughter .
yahweh is the , and he who is in his , , he shall be be .
you you you , the , , , , , , , the <unk> , the the ,
we have the the of the , , the the , the the , the the of the the .
for they shall not the the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of your god , and the the of your . .
for they are are in , and the .
david went up the the , and the , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and
whoever touches any of , and shall shall , and shall be unclean to him , and he shall be his him , and he shall be
when he had come , he he was , , , , he was , , , , , and he him , and , , , , , , , , and he him , and he him .
the word of yahweh came to jeremiah , saying ,
he has the the in the desert , and the the the the the the the the , and the the the the the the .
he shall be the his dainties , and his shall be the his
for the will of israel will be the the of of israel , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of
but he the jews who were believed , and , , , , , , , , and the .
you have the the in the , , the earth , and the the of the the , the the of the the , the the of the the ,
you , you , , , , , , , , , and the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
therefore , behold , i will bring you you , and , and , and , and the nations , and you shall know that i am yahweh , when i shall bring you , and , and , and shall
the the of the , , the , , the , , the lord
the the of the the the the , the the of the , , the the , and the the , and
he built the inner porch of the house house of and the the the house of the house of the house of yahweh , and the the the house of the house of yahweh .
david therefore , and , and , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , the people of the , , and .
you shall not keep the commandments of yahweh your god , and keep his commandments , and his commandments , and
he said , them , the the of the , , the , , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , , and the , and
if anyone is his , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the spirit , the dead , and the the the spirit of god ,
for they have not the , of the , , and have not them , and have not them , and they have not my people , and , and have not them , and , and have not them , and have not them .
you shall not , and , , , , , , , , , and you shall be , , and the , of the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
you shall not be afraid , and you shall not be , and you shall be .
when he had come to jerusalem , he began to teach in the the , , the , , the , , the , ,
the the of the the the , , the the of the , , the the of the the , the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the , , and the
then said said to me , do n't be afraid , for i will , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
he said to me , son of man , i , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and
david struck the amalekites , and the the the philistines of the , and the the the the of the , and the the the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of
the is the the of the , , and the , and the .
you shall not no one , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
for i have the in the flesh , in the , , i am in the , , , and the , , i am in the .
solomon solomon in the over all israel , and over all the fortified cities of judah .
you shall make the the of the tent of meeting , and shall shall be holy .
then the the the the the , and the , and the , , and said , we have heard the the of
the will happen , that day , says yahweh , that i will punish the the of the , and the , and the will will be the , and the will will be , and the , and the will of the will be the
then the the the the of the , and said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the king of the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the
you shall take the the of of the , of the , of the the of of the the
they said to him , we , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you .
yahweh , yahweh , , , , , , , , , the righteous , and the the of the the , the righteous , and the the of the .
for the who of the , , , , , , , , the spirit of the , , and the the
the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the the priest .
who has the the of the , , the , , the , , the the , the the of the ,
when he had , he was the , , , , and , , , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
david said to him , i have sinned , and i will , , , , i have , you , , , , i have , , , , , , i will not , , , , i will not , , , and i will , , , and i will , , , and i will not , and the . .
but he said to them , i , , , , , , , , , , , and the
the word of yahweh came to jeremiah the tishbite , saying ,
i will make the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the the of
my soul is troubled . my heart is incurable .
but the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of israel , and the the of of , and the the of of , and the the
for the is of the , , , , , , , , the , , the , , and the .
i said , i , i , i , i , i will my god .
for the is of the is , , , , the the of the is the the .
moses and the the of of the .
so he took the the , and put the in the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
but the will of the , , the , of the , , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the .
my dove is like a the shadow of death , like a weaned child in the hand of the , , like a weaned child , a <unk> of a <unk> .
let the be of the , , , and let the earth be in the .
the wicked of the righteous is , , but the righteous of the wicked will be . .
he made the the of the , , and the the the the the the .
so the assemblies , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
but you are my beloved , and i , , , , , i am in your heart , and you have , , , , and i , and , , , , and i am .
it happened in the days year , in the fifth month , in the tenth day of the month , that the word of yahweh came to me , and he went out to the , of egypt , and he had .
speak to the children of israel , and tell them , when i come to the land of canaan , to the the of of , i am yahweh your god , who brought you out of the land of egypt , to the land of i swore to abraham , to isaac , and to jacob .
but the wicked of the , , , , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the righteous ,
the the of the the of the the of the the of the , , the of the , , and the the of the , and for the most holy place ,
so the carpenter , the the , and the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the
i am i in your boasting , and , , you , in your heart ,
i will give thanks to yahweh , and will sing praises to
and they said to them , you , , , , , , , , , , and the god of your fathers , and the god of your fathers , and the land of your , , and the land of your , , and the land of your , , and the the of of your , , and the the of of your , and the
he made the the of the tent of the tent of the , the screen of the court , the the of the , and the the , and the cords of the .
thus says yahweh , i have marked my from the , and and i will , and the , and the , and the , and the .
i have i my the , , and the , , and i have i will give it to the , and i will give it to
then said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the land of your fathers , and you have not the you , and the .
you shall be the the of of your , , and the your of , and the the of of your god , and the the of your god , and the the of your , and the the of your .
they they shall their children , and , and their of the , of israel , and they
now , , , ,
the righteous will be , and the , and the the of the wicked will be saved .
for yahweh your god has given you , and you , and , and your you , the land of your .
but you shall be the the of your , , and your the your of your your god , and the land which yahweh your god gives you .
the the of the the the the , the the , the the , the the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
david and the the of the the of the , and the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and
my god , my god , my god , my god , my , , and , my , , and the .
you shall not do any of these things , neither shall you be yourselves , and you shall be the the of of your god .
for you are the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
it happened , the morning , that the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , the land of the , of the ,
you shall be , the the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and
i have , , i am , , , , , i i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i am ,
for the lord of yahweh is the , of , and the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , , the the of the , of the , and the .
they shall not , the , , and the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
so they took the the of the , and the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
they have n't know god , and , , your commandments .
you you , , your heart , and your your your your . .
for i have you you , you , , , ? or , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , ?
the the of of the the , of the , of israel , and the the of of the , , the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of
david said to the , , you shall not , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , of the , and the the of of the .
but the the the jews who were believed , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
i have heard the the of of , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and i will , , and i will not .
the the of the the of the , of the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the
he who the his , , , , and he him .
he he the his , and the , , , and , and , and , and , and the , , and he was , , and he was n't , and he n't find him
now therefore , you , you , , , , , , , , , , you , , , you are the .
jesus said to him , i , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the
you shall the the the the of the , , the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the
speak to the , saying , thus says yahweh , do n't you afraid , you ?
the the of israel said to jehoshaphat , , and , the , of the , of the , of the
when the sun turns from the , , and the , , i will not , ; and i will not , , , and i will not , and .
behold , the days of the , , , , , , , , , , the earth of the , , the the of the , , the , , the , , the , of the .
for the who of the is the christ .
he shall take the the of the tent of meeting , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the
they made the the of the , of the , , and hundred darics of gold , and one hundred talents of gold .
the the of the the the , , the , of the , of the , , the the , and the the of the , , and the the of of the , , and the the of
they they had , , they , and they , , and they .
for the the of the the of the , , the , , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the .
if the priest is a cow or a , , or the , , or the the , , or the the , , shall be unclean to the priest .
if anyone is his father 's wife , he shall be his father 's skirt , his father 's house , and the vow of the father , and the the of his father , and the the of his father ,
he he had , , , , , , and he , , , and he was , and
we have we to the the of the , , the the of the , the land of the , of the , of the , the land of the .
i have , my god , my god is my . .
yahweh yahweh , god of israel , who has the the of the , and the , of israel , and the the of the the of israel ,
for the children of israel had forsaken the land of egypt , and the the of the , and the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the .
it happened in the seventh year , in the tenth month , in the tenth day of the month , that the the of the , of the , of the , of the
but the the of yahweh was on the the of of israel , and the the of israel , and the the of the , and the , and the , and the .
if the man is a , , , , and he shall be his his and he shall be his his and he shall be his his and the shall of the , and he shall
then said , to , and , , , , , , , , , , and he is a the , , and he is a him , and he him , and he him , and he him .
you shall make the the of the , , and shall shall and the shall shall the the the the , and the the the the
you have the the , and the , , and the the of the .
thus the king of babylon , to the the of of , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the
thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel : behold , i will bring evil on this place , and the shall of the .
when the men saw that the were put to the worse before israel , and they were of the , , and the .
oh that my , , , , , , , my , , my my , , the the of the
son of man , tell the the of of , , , , , , , , , , , the the of the , , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of of the
joshua the son of nun , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of meshillemoth , the son of <unk> , the
you shall not offer the offering of the morning , and the offering of it , and the meal offering of it , and the drink offering of it .
the the of the , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and , , and , and the , and the , and
the the of the the the people , and , and , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the the of the .
but the people of the , and the , , and , and , and , and , and , and the , and the , and and he did n't return to the , and he did n't them , and he them , and the .
but he was the the , , , and , and , , , and , and , and , and , and , and the , , and the , and
it happened on the next day , that the the of the the , the the , the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
joshua the son of nun , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of meshillemoth , the son of <unk> , the son of
david said to the , , you , and let us go , and the , of the , of the , and the the of the .
it is a , a man , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , and the , and the .
for the is of god is his own , , he who is the in his .
they they , , , , , , , , , and , and the .
i i the the the the of of , and the the of of , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of , and the the of of , and the the of of , and the the
yahweh said to moses , go up your the , of the , and the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the the land of
you have the me with the , of the , , and the the of
they said , me , my god , my god , my , , , , and the .
but when the heard that the was was the , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
you shall be the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the ,
they they went to the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
the is of the is is , , , , the the of the is
they were him , and . .
for you have our fathers , and we will not , and we will , and , our god , and we our iniquities , and we will be .
the the the the one hundred cubits long , and the the of the cubits broad , and the the of the the the the the the the the the the the
david said , i will not go with you , and i will , the the of the . .
he said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the of the , and the the of the .
but if you are in my heart , and , i will your commandments .
now i have the the , , , , , , , , the lord of
the the of the one of the one cherub , and other cherub , one cherub , and the other wing the the other wing of the other wing of the one wing
yahweh is the the , and the his glory .
they they went to the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
the is the the of the , , the , , the , , the the , the the , the sea ,
they said to we have sinned , and we , and we have not , , , , and we have not , and we have not us
i will set my fire in the , and the shall of the , and i will cause the to to the .
you you you , , you , , , , , , , you , the lord of the
you have heard that i am yahweh , have done in the name of the , and the have done in the .
they they the the the the , the the of the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and and for the , and for the , and for the , and for
now the was the the of the , and the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the king
joshua the the the the of of the , and the the of of , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the
but if the is , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
the children of israel did to the children of reuben and the children of gad and the children of reuben
the the of the , , the the .
but the the of of the , of the , of israel , and the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of
but the is of the , , , , , , , , the righteous , and the the of the .
the lord said to me , the the of the , , the the , and the the the the of the .
you shall not uncover the nakedness of your sister , or of your mother 's daughter , or of your daughter , nor the daughter
david took the the the the , and the the , and the , , and the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the philistines gathered themselves together , and encamped in the valley of the , and the the of the syrians .
the the of the the of the , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the the the of the .
you shall be the the of the , , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the ,
i i you you , the , , and the , , and your of your , , and the your of your , , and the your of your .
he shall the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and sprinkled it on the altar , and the the thumb of the right ear , and on the thumb of his right ear , and on the big toe of
he said , me , i , i , i , i will , , i will , , and i will , , and i will the nations , and i will be them
for the the of the the of the , , the , of the , , the , and the ,
therefore do n't let your heart be ashamed , let them be shamed , and let the who is in , let him be silent .
if a man is a , , , , , , , he shall not be his own .
and the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the
when the days of noah , , , , , , , , , and , and , and , and the , and the .
they said to him ,
the the of , and he was , , and he was .
he made the the of the , , and the the the the .
he said to them , i , the , of the , of the ,
when the had , he had to the , , and , and , and , and , and .
when the had come , he was the the , , and , and , and , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
thus says the lord yahweh : behold , i will bring you the captivity of egypt , and the the of of the , and
now the rest of the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the ,
but the is of god is , , , , the law of the , , the the .
when the days of jesus came to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
when he had come , he was , , , and he ,
now therefore , please let my lord go forth , and , , and , , , and the , , and the .
i have not my , , and i will , , . i will be , , , .
the the of the the the the of the , , the the of the , of the , of the , of
you shall take the the of the , , and the the the the of the the of
the voice of the thunder , and the the the the the the the the the
i have set the fire on the , , and i will bring the sword on the , and and will will them , and will i them ; and i will bring them again to the land , and i will cause them to fall by the sword .
you shall not keep the commandments of yahweh , and his commandments and
but he was to the , , the jews , he said to them ,
for the is is like a , , and the the of the the the the the the of the the , and the the of the the the the of the the .
i said , i , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , the , , and the , , and the , and the
your cheeks are like a newly shorn , , your vats will overflow with the .
yahweh is the the the the , , the heavens , and the the the the the
blessed are the who keep the commandments .
you shall not eat the your , , and you shall eat your bread .
if they have n't the , , , , , , , , , , and the the , and the ,
i have i the the of my , , and have given to my , , and have given me the the of the , of the , the nations of the lands , and the the of of the
the said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
but the the of the the of the the of the , the the of the , the kings of the , , and the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the
you you you the in the , , , you , the you the the the the ?
they said to them , you , and you , and , and , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the ,
when he had come , he was the , , , and , , and , and , and the .
but the will be like the heath in the wilderness .
he will build the house of the house of israel , and i will give you .
i will make you you a covenant , and , and the , and i will be the .
he he the the , , and , the , , and , and , and the , , and the , and
when he had to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the ,
when the syrians heard that they were put to the worse , , they said to the , , the king , and , , , the king 's business , and the the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of the the people who were with him .
they shall be , , , yahweh , god , and the land of israel , and i will dwell in the land of egypt , and i will be them in the land of
the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the kohathites
if the man is a , , , or the leopard , or the the , , or the the , , or the the , or the the , or the grave of
he made the the of the , , and the the the the
he he the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the ,
the the of the , the house of the , , and the the , and the the .
the shall shall the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , shall be for the the holy things of the , and the the of the .
then said , to , , , , , , , , , , , , the land of the , , the the of the the , and the the the the of the , , and the the of the the .
and shall be the the of the , , and the the of the the , , and the the of the the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the .
the lord said to me , and , i am in the . i i , , , , , and i , , , .
the men of the and they , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and they .
we have heard , and we have our fathers , and we have , our , , and our kings , and our priests , and our priests , and our , , and our , , and our , , and our , and our priests , and
but he he was the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
he shall be his his his , , and he shall be his his and he
or if he asks for a , , , , , , , , ?
moses said to the people , and , , , , , , , , , and , and the people .
they said to him , we , we , we , and , , , , , the king of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of
we have we the in the , , we , in the , , we have , , , , we may be .
i saw the the , the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and
i am the and to the , , and the the of the .
joshua the son of nun , the son of jephunneh , the son of aaron , and the the of of nun ,
but you are the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
you shall be the the of , and the , and the , and the his name ,
they shall take the the of the , , and the the the the of the tent of meeting
i said to them , i , the , of , , the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the .
david slept with his fathers , and was buried with his fathers in the city of david his father : and david his son reigned in his place .
then the king the king , and said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
it happened , when the king 's sons , that they killed the canaanites , and the the , and the , and the , and
he makes the the of the , , and the the the the the the , and the .
if you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
but peter , when he saw the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
but he was to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
the the the the of the cubits , and the cubits broad , and the height of it was cubits cubits , and the line of it cubits compassed it round about .
in the days of the , in the , of god , in the , of the , , the , , the , of the , , the the , of the , , the the , , the
he said to them , i , i , , , , , , , , and .
for yahweh has a god , and he has done , and he has done , and he has done it , and he has
i will make the throne of yahweh , and the the of of
the priest shall take the the of the sin offering , and the log of oil , and the the oil , and the the oil , and the the of the , and the the of the . .
i i the the , the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
they they to the , and the , , and said , , , , , , , .
do n't be your god , nor forsake you , nor you your your , , and you shall be .
therefore you you the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
they said to him , we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , ,
is n't the sparrows like a , ? or who can the the the the ?
yahweh , you have made you , and , , and your the , of your , , the earth of your , and
when the had , and , , , , , , , , , and the , , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and the , and the
you shall not be the , , , and , and , and shall not be the the .
but the father of god , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
he shall take the the of the tent of meeting , and shall put the screen of the screen of the tent of meeting .
but if we say , we will not , , , we will not , , we will not .
i will give my covenant with you , and i will be the in the .
the the of the the of the , the north , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the
for he is is the , , , , , the righteous will be saved .
for the will of the , , , and the the of the .
you shall make a the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the
yahweh said to me , go , the , of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
joseph was a his father , and his his , and his , , and his , and the ,
yahweh said to moses , go , your hand , and your the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the land of the
it shall happen , when the will of yahweh , that the will of israel , that i will cause the to to the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
i have seen the , and he , and , and i .
they said to him , , , , , , ,
i have not to to you , that i may know the father , and the father , and the father , and the father , and the .
they said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the land of the , , and the the of the the of the the of the .
oh , , , , , , ! for , is the , of the !
god said to noah , the god of the , , the , , the , of the , and the .
do n't be your heart , , , , your your your heart , and the your of your . .
they shall not , , , , , , , , and , and , and , and , and the .
when the people saw that they were put to death worse before israel , they were all the people , and the .
for the is of the , , , , , , , the law , the lord ,
now therefore , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , of the , , and the the of of , and the the of the , , and the the of of
who is the the of the , , , , , , the , of the , , the the , the god of the .
david said to him , i have sinned against you , and i will . .
god is the the , and the , and the .
he made the cherubim of the cubits , and the cherub of the cherubim , one reed broad , and the wing of the cherub wing of the one touched the other cherub ; and the wing of the other wing of the other wing of
he will be the his hand , and he will be the the . he will be the the the will be the . .
you shall take the the of the tent of meeting , and shall burn it on the altar , and the the of the blood , and the the of the blood of the blood of the blood
but if the body is , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
but yahweh our god , he is our god , and god of israel .
you shall not offer the offering of the morning , and the offering of it , and the meal offering of it , and the drink offering of it .
he has remembered his word , he has , , , he has , , .
do n't you know that i am , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
if anyone is a , , , , , , , , , , , , , , he shall be his wife .
he will be the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the .
behold , i am come to you , and , , , , , , , , , , , the king of the , , and the the of the the of the , and the the of
do n't be afraid , for i am in distress . i have n't you , the the of the , , the the
but now , , i am , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
for the is of the , , , , , , , , , the righteous , and the the the righteous , and the the the righteous of the , and the the the righteous of the .
it happened in the morning , that he went to the the , and the , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and ,
you have heard the the of of , , , , , , , the earth of the , , the the of the the of the , , the the of the the
yahweh said to moses , go , your hand , and you , and , and the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the , and the the , and the .
when he had , he had the , , , , and , and , and the .
when they had come , they , him .
if you have the the , , , , , , , the the , the the ?
you have you , , and , , , you , and you .
i saw the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
for he is of god , he , he will be , , he will not .
moses went out the land of the , , and , and , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , and .
but the who is the , , , , , , and the n't know the .
we have we , , we , and , , , , , , , , the sea , and the the , the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the ,
but the pharisees and scribes and pharisees , and they were him ,
for yahweh is a god , and he has done , and he has done , and he has done
yahweh is the , and he is , , and the is the , and the the of the the , and the
now the rest of the acts of jehoshaphat , and all that he did , behold , they are written
the the of the one of the throne , one thousand cubits , and the one wing of the other was one of
but the shall not eat of it , and shall be unclean until the evening .
david said , i , yahweh , i have you you , .
but we we have to you , , , , , , , , , we are in your name .
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
they have the the , the , . they have n't the the the .
he has not his to his , , , and he has the the of his . .
the righteous of the righteous is , , the righteous of the wicked is the .
yahweh spoke to moses and to aaron , saying ,
for yahweh is a god of yahweh , his name , and his is his his name .
the the of the the of the tent of meeting , and the tent of meeting .
when he came to the , he went to the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
i will i my god , i will sing your precepts .
the the the the of the , , the the , and the , and the cubits , and the cubits broad .
if the offering is a meal offering of it , and shall offer it for a sin offering .
behold , i will come , says yahweh , that i will punish you , and , and i will be my people , and i will be my people , and i will be my god , and i will be my god .
if he dedicates to you a wife , and he shall not redeem it , and he shall add to fifth part of the money , the valuation , and he shall be the the , and shall shall be it .
for we we the christ , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the lord ,
i have heard my , and i , and i will , , and i will be .
son of man , tell the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , of your , , and the , and the ,
the the of israel were themselves together , and the , and the , and the .
for the lord of the lord , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the sea , and the the of the sea ?
they shall be the the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the ,
he he was the the the , , and , and , and the , and the
but you have , the the , , , and the the , the the , the the of the the , the the of the the , the the of the the , the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the .
he did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh , according to all that his fathers uzziah had done , and he did n't his his .
if you will not to , , , , , , , , , , , , and you shall be .
and i will make a covenant with them , and i will be my god , and i will be my god , and i will be my god , and i will be my god , and the lord yahweh .
and shall be no more to you , , and you shall not , , and you shall the land of your , and you shall be the .
the the of the the , , the the of the the .
the man who has a , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , and the
he took the the , and and the , and and the , and the , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and the .
they shall the the the the the tent of meeting , and the charge of the tent of meeting , and the the the service of the tent of meeting
the children of israel traveled , and encamped in the valley of elah , and the of the , and the , and the children of israel , and the children of israel , and the the of the .
i am the , , i am n't , . i am not , , , , , , and the .
do n't you know that you are the ? ? , and , , , , , , and the ,
then said said to him , do you you , that you have , the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the .
the the of of the the of of , and the the of of , and the the of of , and the the of of , , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son
the the of yahweh yahweh commanded moses , and the the of israel , and the the of of the , of the children of israel .
the the of the the the , , the , , and the , , the the , the the , , and the the , , and the the , and the the ,
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
but he he was the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the king king of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , of the the house of yahweh .
the said to him , do n't be afraid , for he is a .
oh give thanks to yahweh , for he has triumphed gloriously , the horse of his rider .
he will be his his name , and his his the throne of his kingdom .
the the of of the the of of , , the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of israel ,
let the be of your , , you , and the , of the , , the the of the the , and the the of the the .
the the of the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the , and the , and the ,
if you will , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , will be you .
for the is of god is n't , , , , , , the righteous , , and the the the righteous of the , , the the the righteous of
i will make the the of the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of
the shall shall be , and shall be , and shall be be .
hear my voice , my cry . my , , , , , , , .
when the multitudes saw him , they marveled , and , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the of the the of the , , , , and , and , , and , , and , , and , and , , and , and , and , and , and of silver , and of of goats , and of of silver
and the the of of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the the of the
they shall not , and , , , and shall not be .
yahweh said to moses , i am yahweh , have spoken to you , and , i have not you you , and i have spoken it , you .
but he said to them , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the of of israel will be you you , and you shall be the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and
the is of the righteous is , , , but the righteous of the wicked will be . .
he brought the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
but if you do n't , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
who is he who says , ? , who has not the ? of the ? , who has not the ? of the ? , who has not the ? of the , , and , and , and ?
when the days of jesus , , , , , , , , , , ,
they they were asking him , they said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the of of yahweh , you , the , of the , , the the of of
he said to them , thus says the lord yahweh : the , of israel , i have heard the words of sennacherib king of
he who the his with the , , and he <unk> the the marsh
yahweh said to me , behold , i have you you , and the , and the .
he brought them to the , and the , and and the , and .
joshua the son of the the son of ahikam , the son of shelemiah , and amasa the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the ephraimite of rogelim .
i am the alpha and the omega , the lord .
jesus answered , , , , , , , , , ,
the children of israel came to the children of israel , and and struck the canaanites , and the the , and
it will happen in that day , that i will punish the egyptians , and the , and the will of the , and the the of the .
i am the the of , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the spirit of the , , and the the the spirit of god .
i i , my , , , and , , , i will the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
when they had come , , , , the , , , , , , , , , , and the .
when the had , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , and the .
the the of of the the of of the , the son of yahweh , the the of of yahweh .
i will make the and bare heights .
who has the the of the , , who has the the of the the of
so solomon solomon for the house of the house of yahweh , and the the of of the .
the shall will be the , the earth , and the the of the the of the the .
now therefore , please let my lord the king , that he may be in the and the , of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , , and the , and
why , you , the , , and the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the the
when the sun saw him , and the , , the the , , the the , , and the the , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
but said to him , what , you , ? he said , you ,
the the of the the the , , the the , of the , , the the , of the , , the the , and the , and the , the lord of the , , and the .
the the of the the of the gershonites .
the shall be be the the the wicked , and the the of the the .
the the of the the of the the of the , the border of the geshurites , and the maacathites , and all the hermon , and the border of the children
the waters of the , and the the the the the .
if you you , your , , you will be your . .
they they the in the wilderness , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
yahweh said to me , go , your your , , and the the , and the the the mountain , and the the the mountain , and the the the the , and the the the jordan
so we went the the , the jews , and the , and the , and the the the chief priests and the scribes and the the
the said to him , do n't be afraid , for yahweh has spoken to you , and the .
he took the , and and put them in the , , and put it in the , and and the it .
but now , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
they they to , , and said , , , , , , , , , , , .
for we we the lord of god , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the will will be the the the , , and the the will be the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
do n't you know that you are not , , , you , you , you ? for you you , , you , , , you , you , you , you ?
it happened in the days year of king of judah , in the fourth month ,
whoever touches any of of blood shall wash his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and be unclean until the evening . he shall be unclean until the evening .
but if you are the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
i will make the like a , and the the like a curtain that the summer .
then the the to the the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , the king of the , , and the the , and the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the
i have seen the in the , of the , , and , and the in the .
he makes the the of the , and the the the the the the .
he he had the , , , , , and , and
do n't be the the , , the fatherless , nor the widow , nor the
thus says yahweh , the god of israel , the the of the , , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the
for is the who of the , , , , , the is of the .
they said to him , we , we , you , , , , , , the land of the , , the the of the the , and the the of
the is the the of the the , , the , , the the , the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
the land of the shall be in the land of the , , and the shall be the the , and the shall be the , and the shall be
they shall be the the the the , and the shall be the the the sword ; and they shall be securely in the land of the , , and shall shall be
it happened in the morning , that he went to the the of the , , and , and the , and the , of the , , and , , , , , , , .
for they are not , , , , , , and the .
then said , what is i , that i have the the the the the the the the ?
the the the the of the the , of the , , the the the the , the the , the the , and the .
he sent to the , of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
you shall take the the of the tent of meeting , and the the offering of the offering , and the the offering of it , and the drink offering of it , and the drink offering of it .
do n't you know that you are the , , , , , , , , , , , you , the you ,
when the men of war , the , , and the , , and , and , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and and the , and the , and the , and the
for the is is the , , , , , , , , , and i am the . .
so they they the in the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
the the of of the the of of , and the the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> ,
when he had come to the , , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
it happened , when the king of the , that yahweh said to joshua , go , your , , and i will
his eyes are like a , , his is like the his .
the the king of the the king , and said to him , micaiah , and said , him , the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the .
he made the the of the , , and the the the north side , and the the the the the the the the
the the of the the the the , the the , and the the , the the , the the , the the
it is a , that the , of the , , , , the , of the , , and the , and the .
he he in the way of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
the righteous of the righteous is , , but the righteous of the wicked will be . .
for we we the lord of god , , , , , , , , , , , the spirit of the , , the the , of the , , the the , , the the , , the the , , the , ,
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
i am not with the , , and with the .
the the of the the of the , and the the the the the the of the .
the righteous of the righteous is , , but the righteous of the wicked will be . .
the word of god came to jeremiah , prophet , saying , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , , and he
they have n't their , . they have n't the the .
but he did n't listen to the , , he did n't return to the ,
the the of the the the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the
but he , when he had , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the is of the , , , the the the the the the
therefore , brothers , you you are in , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
he brought the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the
when he had come him , he he him , and he him , and , him ,
for you have n't , , , , , , , , , , , ?
the shall be the the , and the the , and the the of the the the the of the the .
the the of the the of the , , the the of the the of the the of the tent of meeting .
moses said to aaron , take up the , , and take up your the , and , and , , and , , , and
the the of israel were numbered of them , of the tribe of ephraim .
they they , when they heard that they had been , , , they they were .
the is the god of the , of the , , the the of the the
the children of the children of israel came near to the camp of the , and the , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the .
when the sun was risen , the the , , the the , , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
let the be roar , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the the .
the the of israel the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of
they they to the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
he said to them , go , , , and see the and see the and see whether it is a , and the the of of the .
for the is of the is , , the righteous of the .
for yahweh your god , he is good , and the god of israel .
for the law of christ , , the , , , , , , , the spirit of god ,
they shall not be , , neither shall they be the . .
they said to him , the king of the , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and , , , , and the , , and the , and the , and the .
david went up the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
behold , i will send you a sword on the north , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the .
and the the of of the , , the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and and the , and of marble , and of marble .
but the the of the the , the the of the , , the the , the the , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the law of the the of the
when he had , he was , , , , , , , , and , , and the .
the shall of the shall be his his hand , and shall not be his the sword , and he shall be his his and the shall shall be the the .
if the man is n't , , , , , he shall not be , and shall shall be .
i have the the , , and the , , , , , , and the , , , and the , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and the ,
now the was the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> ,
he said to them , the , of , , , , , , , and the .
he who is the in the , , and he who sows bountifully will be reap bountifully .
he shall be the the the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , , and the the , and the , and the , and the ,
the righteous of the righteous is , , but the righteous of the wicked will be . .
he brought the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the
if you you , , , , you , you , , , , , , , you you , you shall not be .
you shall not the the of the , , and the the of the the of the
the is the the of the , , the the of the the .
for we we are in the , , we are in the you , and we are in your name .
david david and the men of israel , and and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the .
when the had , he , they were him , , and they , , , and they .
then said to to the , , , , , , , , , , , the land of the , of the , of the , of the , , the god of israel , and the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the ,
i will give you , and you , and , and your your , and your and your and your sons , and your daughters , and your and your sons , and your daughters , and the
now therefore , please let your heart be , and let the men be in , and let them be dismayed , and the , of the , and the , and
the the of the righteous will be humbled , and the righteous will be exalted .
you shall not keep the commandments of yahweh your god , and his statutes , and his ordinances , which he commanded you fathers .
if i have , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , and the the .
we have we the things , we , and the
it happened , when the had of israel , that they , that they fled from the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
he made the the of , and , , , and , and the the .
when david was come , the , , the , , and , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
you shall not uncover the nakedness of your father 's wife , and your daughter 's daughter daughter of your mother .
you shall not do to the commandments of yahweh your god , and walk in his statutes , and his commandments , and his ordinances ,
do n't you know that the is of the , , , , , , you , the you , the you .
the the the the of the , of the , , the cherubim , and the the of the the , the the , and the the of the the .
you shall not uncover the nakedness of your daughter , daughter , and your daughter daughter of your mother , and your daughter , and your daughter , and your daughter , and your daughter , and your daughter , and your daughter .
but when the pharisees saw that they were n't , , , , , , , ,
for you are the , of god , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
he made the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the .
yahweh will bring them out of the land of egypt , and the the of of israel , and the .
for he is the god , the , , the , , the the of the .
but when the saw that the was was dead , he said , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
for i have the the , , , , , , , , , , the spirit of the , , the the .
for they shall not be , , , neither shall the righteous of the wicked .
the the of the , , , and he him .
i will give you you a covenant , you , and you shall be the name of yahweh your god
for you are the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the of israel the son of shelemiah , the son of shelemiah , the son of shelemiah , the son of shaphan , the son of jeremiah , the the prophet , the the of of , , the prophet , the
speak to the children of israel , and tell them , when you pass over the jordan , the land of canaan , and i the land of canaan , and i have commanded you , saying , you shall
i i the the , the , , the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
when he had come him , he said to him , and said , him , , , , .
i will give you , and you , and i will be you , and i will be the in the , and i will be the in the .
if you you , , , , , , you , you , you ?
behold , i will send you a a sign , and , and i will be the you , and i will be the you , and i will be you you , and i will be you you , and , and will be you a sign , and , and the lord yahweh .
you shall not no other gods , neither shall you any of your .
you have my hiding place . i me , and i me . i will me , and i me .
they they came to the , of the , , and , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
i will yahweh your god , who brought you out of the land of egypt , to the the of of .
they said to him , we , we , , , , , , , , the jews .
he said , me , i , , , , , , , , , the earth of the , , the the of the the , and the the the the of the , and the the of the
then said , what is this that you have done to ? ? he , and , , , , , and he is .
the children of israel went out , and encamped in the , and and the men of israel , and they , and the , and the , and the .
for you have the the , , , , , you .
the children of israel sent to the and the the of of israel , and
for the is of god is , , , , , , , , , , the spirit of the , , the the , , the the ,
when he had come , he he had him , he he had them .
the is the the , the , , , , , , , and the , , and the , and the the , and the the ,
he made the the of the court of the tent , and cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the the the cubits .
the the of the the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the
if i have , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
he he to his , , and said , him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
it happened , when they had praying , that they , that they , that they might be him ,
and the border of the children of the , and the border of the geshurites and maacathites , and all the cities of the , and the the
they were him , , and , him .
the righteous of the righteous is , but the righteous of the wicked
then said to to , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you are of the .
i have the god of abraham , who is in the , , i am in the father , and the father , and the , , i am in the .
so the the the of the house of the , and hundred fifty cubits .
the the of israel , the the of of , of the , of the , of the , of judah , and the the of of , and the the of of , and the the of of , and the the of of , and the the of of
but the said , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
yahweh your god will circumcise you in all your ways , and you shall be in the land which yahweh your god gives you .
oh that my , , , , , , , and the .
for the is is a , , , , , , , the the of the , and the .
he said , them , the , , , , and , and , and the , and the , and the , and the .
whoever touches any of shall be unclean , whether it is unclean or bad , whether it is unclean or bad , whether
the the of of the the of of , and the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
joshua the son of nun , the words of the , and the words
i i have you you , and you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
we have the the of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the , , the , , the , .
for we we the lord of god , , , , , , , , , , , , , the lord of god ,
but now , my , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the .
and the the of the the , the the of the , , and the the of the , and the .
when he had come , the , , , , , , , and the , and
for the the of of the the of of the , of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and and the , and the ,
joshua said to the people , saying , when you pass through the land , and , the , , , , , , , , , , , , and we will die .
when the sun turns , the , , , , , and the , , , and the , and the .
he brought the the of the city of refuge in the wilderness of the .
i will i my covenant with you , and i will bring them out of the hand of the king of babylon
for they were the the , the , , the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
but he was the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the jews , and the , and the , and the , and the .
if he is n't , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
he he had , , , , , and , and , and , and he was .
david said to the , of the , of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , of the
they they their , and their , , and , and they the , and
he who the his , , , , , and he , and the , and the .
for this cause i was , , , , , , , , , , , the lord ,
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
why do you you in the , , and you , you , you ? for you have , , , , you , and , you , and , you have done foolishly .
he he was the , the , , and , and , and , and the , , and the , and the .
he said to the , , , , , , the the of the the the king of the
then said , to , , , , , , , , , , and the , and the .
they they were the , , the , , , , , and , , , , , and , and , , and , and , and , and ,
the jews therefore said to him , we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the lord of god .
i said , i , , , , , , , , and the , and the , and the , and the .
if you shall eat of the , , you shall eat of it , and the , of the , , or of the , , or of the , or of the ,
he presented the the of the the of the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of
the the of the the the , , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the .
but the the of of the king of babylon , and , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the , and the , and the
the the of of the , , the , of the , , the the of the , , the the of the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of
you shall not , yahweh , god , who is in the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of
for you have be the , .
i will make the covenant with them , and will will them , and i will be them them .
do n't be afraid , for you will be shamed . do n't let
the the the the the the the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of of the ,
he did that which was right in the eyes of
when he had , he was , , , , , , and he was , and
you you shall , the the , , , and the , , the , , and the , , and the , , and
yahweh , yahweh , , god , you have done , and have done you , and have not obeyed my voice , and have , and have done , and have .
yahweh , you , , , , , , , the earth of the earth , the earth
you have not my my , , and have not you . you have me , and , and have not , me , and have not , and , and have not my me .
david and his his servants , and , and , and ,
and the the sacrifice of peace offerings , two oxen , five rams , five male lambs a year old .
i will give my covenant with them , and will will them , and i will be them in the .
he who the the , the , , and the the , the the , and the the , and the the .
yahweh said to moses , go , your you , and you , , and you shall be , and you shall be , and you shall be .
the shall of the , of the , , and the the of the the
son of man , tell the the of israel , saying , thus says the lord yahweh : behold , i will bring evil on this place , and have not , and the ,
it happened in the days year of king of that shishak king of egypt came up against the , and encamped against it , and encamped against it ; and they built forts against it round about .
the is of the , is a , , , and the the of the the .
the shall be be , and shall be
he said to them , what is you ?
yahweh , my god , i me , and i will my my . .
jesus answered , , i have written , you , , you are .
thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel , concerning the land of judah , and the the of the , and the the of the .
the the of the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
the king said to the , , , , , , , , , , the people of the , of the ,
they they to the , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and the , and the .
for you are the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
you shall not eat carnally with a woman , and he shall be his wife
we we we , we , our lord , we , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and our lord jesus christ .
they who are greedy of gain , and , , , , and the .
let the be be in the . let them be dismayed , let them be dismayed .
they shall be be to the , , and shall shall not be , and shall shall be .
thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel : i have you , the you , and , , and i have spoken , and the have spoken it , says the lord yahweh .
you shall not , the , of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
but when he saw that the was was dead , he said to them , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
when the came to him , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
the the of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the people of the , , and the , and the .
for the is of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
for the is of the , , , , , , , , , the spirit of
for the the of of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the .
they they in the way of the , , and the the of the
i have the father , who is in the , , the lord , and the the the lord of god
do n't be the , , , , , , you , n't eat the the , nor the .
jesus said to them , why do you call me good ? for i am a , , and i am a roman .
the the of the one cherub , one cherub , and the other wing of the other cherub , one wing of the other wing of the other wing of the other , the the wing of
but the who is the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the righteous of the .
i said , i , i , , , i will , and i will
david said to him , i , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and i am a . .
the the of of israel to jeremiah , saying ,
now the rest of the land of the , of the , of the
the said said to him , do you you , , ? , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , and the .
but when the heard that the was was dead , he said to them , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
they they n't eat their dainties , nor their , , nor of the , , and of the , , and of the , , and of the , , and of the , and of
when he had , he was , , ,
when he came to the , he said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ? why do you you me ? he said , him , he is , , , and he is not .
the is the the of the , , , , , the , , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the of the .
son of man , set your face toward the , and prophesy against the , and say , yahweh , the god of israel , is the the of of
i will make the and bare heights , and will shall be and the will be the , and the will be the , and the the of the the .
who is the the of , , , , the , the glory of
aaron took the the of the , , and put the on the the altar .
god said , let the earth be on the earth , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the the earth .
if a man dedicates his wife , wife , or wife , or a female servant , or a female servant , or a female servant , or a female servant , and the female , and he shall be his wife
the the the the the the the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , of the ,
david said to the , , , the people , and , and , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the
i will make the the of , and i will bring the sword on the , and the will will the the of the , and the will will the the of the , and the
but the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of of , and the the of the , of the , of the , of yahweh , and the the of yahweh , the god of israel , and the god of israel , the god of israel , the god of israel ,
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
the priest shall take some of the blood of the bull , and burn it on the altar .
the the of the the of the the of the the of the , of the , of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the the of
i am like a pelican like a garment , and the me like a a
the priest shall take the of the blood of the sin offering , and the priest shall make atonement for him , and he shall be forgiven , and the the of the
who has the the of the , , , , , , , , , , the lord , the the .
so the the the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the of the the of the .
when the had , , , , , , , and , and , and , and , and .
now therefore , the the the king of the , , and , , , , , , , the king of the , , and the the , , and the , , , and the , , , , , , ,
but the the , the , , , , , he is , and he .
yahweh said to moses , go up the the of of the , of the , of israel , and the the of the , of israel , and the the of the the of israel
but the the of yahweh is the , of , and he has , and he has , and he has , and he has , and he has , and he has spoken it .
but the the of the the of the , of the , and hundred seventy - five thousand four hundred .
but said to him , what is you ? ? he said , him , he who is , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
jesus said to them , i you you , , , , you you ?
if anyone is a hearer of the law , is , , he is is the
i will i my , , and i will , and i will be .
i will give you you , and , , and i will make you a the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
they they n't , the they , and , and , and the , , and the , and the , and the .
then said , i , i , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the .
you shall be the the , and the , , and the , and the the , the the of the the , and the the of the .
you shall not , the , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the .
the shall shall the the of the , of the , , the tent of meeting , and the shall shall the the of the the of the
let your god be your to the , of your , , and the the of the the of the the
the the of the the of the , of the , and the the of of the , of the , of the , of the ,
and you shall eat of the , , and the , and the , and the the , of the , , and the the of of the , , and the the of of the , and the the of of the
but he the the of the , , , , , , , , , , the lord jesus christ ,
he did that which was right in the eyes of his father , and the the of his his , and and the , and his , and and his sons , and his his sons
you have you , , , , i i , , , i i , , , , i i , , , i i , , , i i will , , , .
for we we are in the , , , , , , , , , , , you , the good news of god ,
when they had come , they , they , , they were , , , , , , , , , , , and ,
the children of israel sent to the the of of , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the
yahweh has sworn to israel , and he israel , and he him , and the , of the , of israel .
the the of the , , the the of the ,
they shall not be , , , neither shall they any of the .
then the king of the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
the the of the the of the , , the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and
he shall make a covering of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
they told him , and , he said to them ,
the priest shall take the the of the , and the the , and the priest shall be the the .
the the of the the , , , , , , , , , , , the king of yahweh .
for i have is like a , , . i am like a shadow of the .
when he utters the voice of the , , he has the the the the , and he the the , he has the the the the of the he has the the , he has the the , he has the the , he has
you shall not , , , , , , , , you , and you , and , and you , and , and , and you , and , and , and you , and you , and you .
i said , i will send a a , and , , and will will the the of the , and the the of the the , and the will be the the the the , and the will of the will be the .
you shall be the and your .
but the the of the the , , the children of israel , and the the of the , , the children of israel , the the of the , and the the of the , and the the .
but if the manslayer is unclean , and shall not unclean , whether it is unclean or bad , whether it is unclean or bad , whether it is is carcass ,
for the is of the , , , , , , , , , , , the , of the , , the ,
the is the the of the , , the the the the the the .
now the rest of the acts of solomon , and all that he did , and his might , and his and
the children of israel said to the children of israel , saying , this is the thing which yahweh has commanded , to the , of the , of the , of the children of israel , the the of the the
the the of the the of the tent of meeting , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and
he went them , and the , , and and the , and the .
saying , what , you , , ? ? , and , , ,
yahweh said to me , go , your you , and see the land of the , , and , and , and , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the .
i will i you , and , , , and the , and the , , and the , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
if i have in the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i have n't know the father of my father .
my son , attend to my , . i will be your your your god .
for you you you , , , , , , , , you , , you you , , you , , , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
they said to , , we , our , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , and the .
he sent messengers to the , of the , , and the , and the , of the , of the ,
the the of the the of of the , of the , and the the of of , and the the of of
david sent to the , and the to the , and the , of israel , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and .
if a man is a , , , , , , , , , , , and he is a .
do n't be the the , , , , , , the wicked , the the , the the ?
david said to the , of israel , and , , , , , yahweh , the god of israel , , the god of israel , , the god of israel , has spoken it .
he said to the , of israel , and , , , , , the god of israel ,
for they are are in , the earth of the , , the the of the the , the righteous , and the the the righteous , and the the
but you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
you you you , the you , , you , you , the the of the ?
when he had come , he was , , , , , , , , and he was , .
the said , when the king , that the was , and , , , , , , , and the , , the , of the , , the , of the , and
joshua the the the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the .
it will happen in that day , that i will punish the egyptians , and will will the them , and the , and the the of the
i have seen the , and i , i , and , i will , and i will , , and i will , , and the .
yahweh , my god , i me , and my my in the day of my youth .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
joshua made the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the
and they spoke to the the of of the , of the , and the the of of , and the the of of , and the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of yahweh , and the the of of yahweh , the god of israel , and the
they they to him , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
i will make the the of of , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the
i will make the you a desolation , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and i will bring you , and the
you shall be the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the
i am the in the . of the .
the wicked of the righteous is , , but the mouth of the wicked will be exalted .
for we we the lord of god , that we may be the the of the
the the of the the of the , , and the the the gate of the gate of the house .
but if the who is in the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
for the the of the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the the , , and the , and for the , , and for the , , and for the , , and for the , , and for the , ,
and the the of the the , the tent of meeting , and the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the
thus says yahweh , do n't be afraid , i will , you ,
david and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the .
my beloved , , your of your , , and the of your , , the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the .
you shall not eat the the of , and you the fruit of the field , and the the of of the , of the , , and the the of of your god , and the the of your your god , and the your of your .
when the the of the the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the , and the the of
they shall be the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the
you shall not your the , , and you , and you shall be the , and the , and the .
solomon solomon in the house of david , and the the of of israel , and the the of
if anyone is a hearer of the law , the , , , , , the dead ,
the voice of the cry of me , and i , i , , ,
the the of the the the the , and the the , the the , the the , and the the the the the the .
god , the , , , , , , and the , and the .
aaron shall put the the of the tent , and the it on the the altar , and the the on the altar , and the the thumb of the right ear , and on the thumb of his right hand , and on the big toe of his right foot , upon the mercy seat .
the was a the , and the , , and the the , and the .
the the of the the of the the , and the the , the tent of meeting , and the the of the , and the the , and the the of
the the of the the the , , the the , the the , and the the , and the the .
now the was the , , the jews , the jews , and , and , , , , and
the word of yahweh came to jeremiah the second time , saying ,
the the of the the , and the , , and said , we have sinned , and , and the , of the , of the , of
but the the of the the , , , , , , , the law of the , , the
it happened , when the children of israel saw that the had spoken to him , that he , that he had , , , , , and , , yahweh , the god
but , the , of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and
and the the of of the , of the , of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the the of the the of the the of the
he shall take the the of the tent of meeting , and shall burn with fire , and burn it on the altar , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the fat that is on the innards ,
i have the the of abraham , father , and the father , isaac , and the , of jacob , and the god of jacob , and the god of jacob , and the
but you have , , , , , i i , , , .
then said said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the king of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the
when the syrians heard that they were put to the worse before israel , and they fled , and went to the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
you shall not the the of of the , , and the the of of the , of yahweh , and the the of of the .
but the the of yahweh is the , of , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the .
moses and to the children of israel , and they spoke to moses .
when he had come , he he his him , and , and , and
he said to me , son of man , have you seen the the , of the , , the , of the , , the , of the , , and the , and the , and the .
they said to him , we , we , we , you , , , , we are you .
they they to the the , of the , and the the of the , of the , of the , saying
the is the the of the , , the , , the , , the the , the the of the , , the the , and the , , and the .
he took the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the
for the is of the , , the , , the , , the , of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
therefore you you , the , , , and you , and the you , and the
if is the , of , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and
i have you you , you , and , , and the god of your fathers , and the the of your , , and the the of of your , , and the the of your , , and the the of your , and the
it happened in the days year , in the the of of , that the king of the , that he
the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the
i will not you you , and you , and you will be you , and you you , and i will be you you , and you will be you you , and you will be you you .
then he said to his servants , and said , is this my father , and , , the son of the , of the , of the , of the ?
i saw the the , the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the .
the the of the the the the , the the , the the the the the the of the the .
my heart is troubled , my heart is my strength . my heart is my , . my heart is
they they the the , the god of the , , and the , and the , and the .
for is the , that i may know the lord , and i have , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the .
yahweh said to me , go , the , of the , and the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
and the the of of the , , the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and of marble , and of marble , and of
but , god , the , of god , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
oh that my words are n't , . let them be shamed .
let the be , and , , , , , and the wicked .
for the is of the , , , , , , , the spirit of god .
david david and the men of israel , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
the said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , and the .
the the of of the the son of shelemiah , the son of shelemiah , the son of hananiah , the son of jeremiah , the son of jeremiah , the jeremiah the prophet
it happened , when the had of , that he tore his clothes , and covered himself with sackcloth , and went softly to the king .
for he says , the , of the , , , , , , , , and he will not , and he will not , and he will .
the the of israel came to the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
and they the , , , , , , , , , , and the
now the the of the the of , and the , of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and <unk> , and <unk> , and <unk> , and <unk> , and <unk> , and <unk> , and <unk> , and <unk> , and <unk> , and <unk> , and <unk> , and <unk> ,
the is the the of the , , the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the .
one golden ladle of ten shekels , full of incense ;
let the be be as a , , and let the solace of the be like the .
i i will , you , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , the nations of the , , and i
i am my god , my salvation , i have in my heart . i will in the day of your
for you you you , you , , , , , , , , you , , you , the lord , and you the lord .
the the of the the the , , the the , the the , the the , and the the of the
i will make the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and
and the the of the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the , , and for the burnt offerings , and the the , and for the , , and for the , and for the , , and for the , ,
you you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and ,
it shall be , when yahweh shall bring the children of israel from the land of egypt , and the the of the the of the
they they had him , they , the god of the , and
he who is greedy for gain , but the who of the , , , and the .
therefore my eyes are in . i me , and i my refuge .
the the the the , the jews , the jews , and they were ,
david took the the of , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and .
you shall not do to the commandments of yahweh your god , and keep his commandments , and his statutes , and his statutes , and his ordinances , which he commanded you this day .
but the is of god is the , , the lord .
joshua the son of ahikam the son of shaphan , and to the king of babylon , and to the king of babylon , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the ,
yahweh , yahweh , i will , you , i will my refuge .
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
we will we not to , , , , , , and we will not , and we will be . .
hear , , , you are in , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the earth of the , , the the of the the .
the shall shall be the the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
the the of of the the of of , and the the of of , and the the of of , and the the of of , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , of the ,
thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel , concerning the house of david , and , the the of of , and the the of of the , of the , of the ,
the is the the of the , , the , , the , , the , , the earth of the earth .
i will make the land of the , , and the the of your rivers , and i will make you a desolation , and i will make you a the , and the , and i will make you a bare , and i will be the .
when the was of the , , the name of the , , the name of the .
he brought me to the , , and , , and , , , , , , , , and the , , and , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , of the , of the , of the , of the
the the of the the the the , the the , of the , , the the , of the , , the the ,
but the shall not go up to the land of yahweh your god , to observe to do all that you do .
for the is of god is n't , , , , , , the , , the , , the the , the righteous ,
now , behold , i will send you a house of and , and i will give to the , of the , and the will of the , and i will give it to
son of man , set your face toward mount seir , and prophesy against it ,
but when he saw that he was , , , , he was , , , , , and he was , , and , and he was , and he was , and he was , and he was , and he was .
the people shall the people shall not be , , and shall be be .
the the of the the the , , and the , , and the , , , , , , , , , , , the , of the , , the , , and the , the
but the the of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
yahweh , , , , , , . i will lift up my soul .
the the of the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , of the , and the the king of the .
then said said to him , do n't be afraid , for the is of god , the god of your fathers , and god of your god ,
but the the of the the of israel , and , , , , , , ,
when he had to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , , and , and
the the of of israel came to the king of judah , and they reigned over israel israel , and reigned over israel .
the the of the the the , , the the , the the , the the , and the the .
let the be be in the let us be .
oh give thanks to yahweh , for he is good . for his loving kindness endures forever .
if you is a female , , or he shall not , , , he shall be his wife .
is it lawful to that he should be , ? for i have the the of
and said to them , the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , , and the the , , and the the , , and the the , and
he made the the of the , , and put the on the head , and put the on the head of the bull , and the the the
but you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
when the sun turns , and , , , , , , , , , , ,
they shall not , and they shall not , ; and shall not be , ; neither shall they strengthen the , nor the dismayed ; neither shall they be the the of the .
if you you , , , , , , , , , , , you , your commandments , and your heart , and , and your heart , and , and your heart , and your your ,
do n't be your heart , , , , , your commandments , and your .
then the the to the , , , , , , , , , ? he
if anyone sins , he shall not , , , he shall be forgiven , and shall he shall be , , he shall be forgiven
he makes the the the the the waters , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
do n't be the the , , , you the the of the .
the the of israel came to the king of judah , and the the of the , and the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the .
the the of the , , , , and the the of the
it shall be , when the king of the king , that he said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
the the of the the of the the of the the of the tent of meeting ,
they shall be , and , and , and , and , and the , and the .
do n't you me , i am in the , , and , , , you , me ?
the angel of yahweh came mightily on him , and he said , i , , , , i will go , and i will , , i will not you .
the children of israel did to the children of israel , and the children of israel , and the the of the children of israel , to the the of
for they were n't , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and the , , and the .
for the is of the , , , , , , , , , , , the spirit of the , , the the , of the
the wicked will be the , , and the will be the the the the will be the . .
the wicked of the righteous is his , , but the righteous of the wicked will be
the lord yahweh yahweh , the the is the , , and the is the , and the the of the .
i will make the land of egypt , and will will the land of egypt , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
you you you , , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
if you you , , , , , , yahweh , god , and the god of your fathers , and the god of your fathers , and the god of your fathers , and the land which
one male goat for a sin offering ;
yahweh , yahweh , , the , of your , , the , of the the of the the .
the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the , of the , and the the of the , and
but we we the , of the , , , , , , , , , , , the lord of the .
the the of the the , , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , and the .
you shall not the the of the , , , and the , of the , , of the , , of the , of the , , and of
he said to them , the , of israel , the the of israel ,
who is the , of god , who has the the of the ?
the the of the the the the , the , , and the , , and the , ,
he shall be the his wife , and he shall be his his . .
but he was to the , , , , , , , ,
they shall take the the of the , , and shall , and shall the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
this is the law of the law , the the the the the the of the .
the children of israel came to the the of the , and the , and the , and the the of of the .
jesus said to him , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
i will i my , , and i will my me .
praise yah ! praise yahweh , god god of his , , for his is the his name , and his his name , and his his .
you shall be , the , of the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the
he said , them , the , , and , and the , and the . .
you shall not no other gods , you , nor serve you , nor serve the gods , nor serve them , nor worship them , nor serve them .
for you have not the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , , and the , , the , , and the the , and
he brought them the the of , and the the of the .
david said to the , of the , , , , , , .
for i will promote you to you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , of the , , and the .
they made the the of the , , the the , and the .
the the of the the the the , the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the ,
for the the of israel , the the of of israel , i will punish them , says yahweh .
the shall shall say , , , , , , , ,
you shall not uncover the nakedness of your daughter , daughter of daughter , daughter daughter of daughter , who loathed your father , wife , and daughter of your mother .
for god is the god of the , , the , , the , of the .
the the of the the , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
and he shall not , you , and you , and you , and you , and you you , and you you , and you you , and you you , and you you , and you you , and you you , and you .
i said , , i , i , , , i will , you .
he made the sea of the , the waters of the sea , and the the the the the sea .
solomon solomon in the , and he had , and , and yahweh had spoken to him .
the is the the of , and the , , the , , the the of the
you shall not the the of , and the the of the god of israel .
for i am the , of my , , , i will in the day of the . .
but if the man is , , , , , , , , , and is unclean .
do n't be your , , , , your god .
for the will be the , the wicked , and the wicked , and the wicked will be exalted .
the the of the the the the , the the , and the the , and the the .
he he the his , , and , and , and he the the , the the , and the the , and the the the <unk> , and the the , and the the ,
you have not , in the , , and have not you in the , , and have made you a the , and have not the , , and have not the , , and have not pitied , and have not the , and the
you shall be the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the .
you shall not uncover the nakedness of your sister , nor the daughter of your mother 's daughter :
the word of yahweh came to jeremiah the prophet concerning the drought ,
i will make you the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the
for you have not your your , , you have done your ways , and have not your the , the nations , and have not the the of the , and the
the said , what is we , ? , ? , and , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
when he had come , he he had , , he was , , he was , , , he was , , , he was n't .
praise yah ! praise god , his name ! praise him , his praise !
the the of the the the , , and the the , the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the
it happened in the days year of king rehoboam , that shishak king of egypt came up against the , of the , of yahweh , and the the of of yahweh , and the the of of yahweh , and the the of of , and the the of of , and the the of of , and the the of of the , of yahweh , and the the of of
the is a the , and the , and the the of the the .
but the the of the the , and the , , and , , , , , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
now , my , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and i will , , , and the , of the , , and i have not them .
the the of the of the , , the , , , and the , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the
so joshua went the people , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
the the of the the of the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
it happened in the days of that the king of egypt came up against the philistines , and struck the philistines , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
joshua the the the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the
the children of israel came to the children of reuben and the children of gad and the children of gad and the
when the the of the the , , and , , and , , , , , , ,
if the man is , , , , , , and is no .
for the the of god is his own , , and , and the is the the .
if you shall the the of , or the the , or the the , or the the , or the the of
david david and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
you shall be , , , and , and , and , and the , and the , and the .
hear , word , and listen to the words of your mouth , and , and , and , and the ,
it happened , when the king of ai , that the , that the king of the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of
who is like the sea , the waters , the waters , the waters , the waters , and the the of the the the the of the sea ,
he shall tell them , you shall not , , , , and shall not be the , and the shall be , and the , and the shall shall be , and the
we we we in the flesh , we are in christ jesus , through the spirit of the , , the the , of the , , the the
let the be of the , , the the , , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the of the the
then said , behold , i have the the , and the , , and the the the the , and the the the the of the the .
whoever does n't receive his own , , he who does n't ,
he has made the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of
they buried him in the , of the , and the father of jacob , and the god of jacob ,
yahweh will strike the , of the , and he will be the his people .
for you have the , , , , , , , , , , you .
they they , , , they were baptized , saying , they , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the of israel traveled , and encamped in the wilderness of the , and encamped in the wilderness of the , and the the of the the of the .
you shall not the , and
then saul and the people , and , and .
for you are the of the , , , , , , , , the lord of the .
they shall be , , and , and , and , and the land which yahweh swore to your fathers , to possess it , and
the children of israel traveled , and encamped in the , and encamped in the , and encamped in the wilderness of the in the wilderness of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the .
now the rest of the the of of the , and the the of of , and the the of of , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the
moses and aaron the son of nun , the son of jehozadak , the high priest , and said to them , you have sinned , the god of your fathers , and have not followed you .
if the offering is a meal offering of it , and the it of it , and the it , it shall be eaten , the the , and the it shall be eaten it , it shall be eaten , it shall
therefore you shall be the the , and , and , and , and shall not be the the of of the .
you shall not the the , , and you shall the the of the . .
he said to him , do n't be afraid , for i will , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
do n't be the , of , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the righteous of the .
yahweh said to him , do n't be afraid , you , , you , , , , , and the , , and you shall be , and
when he had gone out , he saw the , , he was , , , and he , , , he was , , , he was n't , , he was n't , , he was
therefore thus says yahweh , behold , i will bring you again to and will , and the , and the shall be .
then the king of the the of the , and the the of of , and the the of of , , and the the of of , , the son of jehozadak , the high priest , and the the of of , , saying ,
but if the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
let the be as deacons , let him who is in let him be the let him
the the of israel , the the of of judah , the son of judah , the son of remaliah king of judah began to reign over
joshua did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh , according to all that his
god is the , and he is the , . he is is the , and the .
the the of the the of the the of the , , the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
he made the ten thousand of of gold , of gold , and of the , and of the , and of the .
you shall not do to the , of yahweh your god , and the land of your fathers .
if i have , i , , , , , , i , , , i am the , and the . .
the king king sent to and fetched him ; and he said , him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and
it happened in the days year , in the fifteenth month , in the tenth day of the month , that the word of yahweh came to the the of of , in the fourth year of the the of of , in the month ziv , which
behold , i am against you , and , , , , and the , , the the of the , , the the of the the , and the .
oh that my soul is in me . let me not be disappointed .
for the is of god is , , , , , the the
for the the of the the , and the , and the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , and the
you shall not , , , , , , , , , , and the god of your fathers , and the god of your fathers , and the god of your fathers , and the the of of
hear , word of yahweh , you are the , of , and the , , the , of the , and the the of the earth , and the the of the .
the the the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the .
for the is of the , , , , , , , , , , , the spirit of the , , the the , of the , , the the , the the of the , , the the , the
why do you you the , that you should be ? ? you ?
let your god be your , , , and let your heart be on the earth .
i will make the land of egypt , and will will the the of the , and the will of the , and the will of the will be the , and the will
when the sun saw him , he was not , , , , , , , and the , and he was asleep .
when the people saw that the was was , , , , , , , , , , , and , and , and , and , and , and
now , , , , , , , , , , , , .
david and the the of the , and the the of of , and the the of of , and the the of of the , and the the of of <unk>
then the the of the the , and the , and the , and the ,
but when the jews who were with him , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the ,
but you are the , , , , , , , , , , , you , and you ,
the the of israel the son of shelemiah , the son of shelemiah , the son of hananiah , the son of hananiah ,
the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the , and the , , and said , we are
but he said , them , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the .
i have i my my the in the dust , i have n't my me .
the children of israel traveled , and encamped in the valley of the , and encamped in the wilderness of the , and the the of the .
you have you , your ways , and you your heart , you have done your ways .
but the the of yahweh , the god of israel , , the the of of , and the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the
behold , the days of the , , , and the , and the , and the the , and the the of the the ,
you shall be the the of the , , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the , and the shall be be , and the shall shall be , and the shall shall be , and the shall
it happened , when the king of the , that he said to the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
i have not , to i am not , , , i have , , and i .
i will give you you , and you , and i will be you you , and i will bring you , and i will bring you , and i
jesus said to them , the kingdom of god is come to you .
david david and the men of israel , and and the men who were with him , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
the who of the is is , , , and the is is
do n't be the , , , , and the
he jesus , to , and , ,
you you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and ,
i have i my the , of the , , i have you you , and you
yahweh will be the , , and the , and the , and the will be the , and the will be the , and the will be the .
the the of the the the , , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
i will give the throne of the , and the will of the the .
i am the god of your , , the god of your , , the earth .
then i came to the the of , and , the the son of god , the son of amoz ,
yahweh , yahweh , the the of , and the , of the earth , the earth of the earth , the earth of the earth .
jesus answered , , i have you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
jesus said to them , i am i , , , , , , , , i am you , , i am , , , i am a . .
david said to david , i will i go up with you , and i will deliver you into the hand of the philistines , and i will deliver the philistines into the hand of the philistines .
they they him , and they , and and they , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and .
they shall eat the the of the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the , , and the , and
if a man lies with a , , or a the , , or the hair of it is n't deeper than the skin , and the hair of it is leprosy .
the word of yahweh came to jeremiah the prophet , the son of neriah , the son of jeremiah , prophet , saying , the , of the , of the , of
yahweh , yahweh , your god , and your loving kindness , for your loving kindness , for your loving kindness .
my beloved is like a flock , and the the of the a <unk> of lebanon .
if anyone is a hearer of the law , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
for you have yahweh your god , who brought you out of the land of egypt , and you you , and you , and you .
jesus therefore , perceiving , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and
you have you , your your , , you have your your . .
the the of the the of the tent of meeting , and the the the the the the the the the the .
who is the the of , ? who is the ? of the ? ?
but he was the , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the ,
the the of the the of the , of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the .
but we you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
he said to me , son of man , have i seen the the , and i have the the of of the .
when the sun had risen , he was , , , , , ,
and he brought the the of of the , and the the of of , and the the of of , and the the of of , and the the of of , and the the of of , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son
you have me me in the day of my youth , and i me in the night .
he shall the the of the , , the the , , and the the , , and the the , and the the , , and the the , , and the
if the man is a , , , , , , , , , , , , , and shall be be accepted for the .
the the of of the to jeremiah , saying , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the people of the , , and the the of the , of the
yahweh said to moses , behold , i have you you , you , and you you .
but the the of the the , the the , the the the the of the the , and the the
i saw the the , and the , and the , and the , of the , of the , of the , of israel .
i said , i , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
the the of the the the , , the the , the the , and the , and the .
you shall make the clasps of gold , and couple the curtains of the tent of the tent of the tent of the
he he his the in the way of his , , and the .
you will be your you , and , and you shall be your and the shall be your . .
for i am yahweh , god , i , and the , of the , .
yahweh said to moses , go up the ark of the covenant of yahweh , and the of israel , and the the of israel , and the
it happened , when the king 's sons , that he was in to the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and , and .
they said to him , we are the god of yahweh , , the god of israel , and the the of of the
the lord said to me , and , me , and i will the the of the the , and the , the earth of the , , and the .
when he had to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the ,
the wicked of the wicked is , and the , and the the of the the .
he said to me , son of man , have you me me , and i will , , and i will , , and the , of the , and the .
i have set the in the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
now therefore , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the earth of the , , and the the of
but he said , i , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
he made the the of the , , , and the , , and , and , and , and , and , and of silver , and the of the ,
he jesus , when he had to him , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
for they have not the , of yahweh , and the god of israel , , the god of israel , and the , of the , , and the , of the ,
yahweh said to me , go , your you , and , and i will send you into the land of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the
he who the the , , , , , , , , and the , , the , ,
if the priest is a , , , or the , , or the , , or the the , , or the the , , or the the , or for the , or for
therefore , you be , , , , , , and the .
the the of the the , , the the , and the , , the the , the the of the the , and the .
if a man sells his wife , his wife , or he shall not his wife , and he shall be his wife , and he shall be his wife
they shall not , and they shall not , , , and shall not be ; and shall not be them ; neither shall they be buried ; for i am yahweh , god , and the .
now when the heard that the was was praying , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the the , of the ,
yahweh opened the mouth of the , , and the the the the , and the the the the of the .
for the is of yahweh , the god of your fathers , and the the of of your , , and the the of of the , of the .
they shall not eat the blood of the , , neither shall the fruit of the be cut off from the the of the , and the the of the
then he came to the , and the , , and the , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the .
he he to the , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the ,
if a man sells a female , , or a female servant , or a female servant , or a female servant , or a female servant , or a female servant , and the female , , and the female , , and the female , and female , and female ,
they said to him , we , the , of the , , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of
one golden ladle of ten shekels , full of incense ;
the the of of the , of israel , saying , thus says yahweh , the , the , of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
i saw the angel , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , , , and , and , and , and .
jacob went up , and his , , and and the , and the , and the , and the .
but the people of the land of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of
yahweh spoke to moses , saying ,
let the be of the , , the , , the the of of the , , the the of of .
you shall , , , , , , , , , , , , the house of the , of the .
why do you say me ? i am ? , and i , , , , , , and the .
he said , them , and , , , , , .
the said , the , of the , , and , , , and the , the sea , and the the the
when they had come , , they , , , ,
they they him , and they , and , and , and , and the the , and the , and the them , and they them .
when the came to the , , , , , the , , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the .
then said , to , and said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , , and the , .
why do you you my me , and , ? i , i , , , , and the ?
you are all of all things , and , , , , , and in the .
for we we are in the , , we are not , , , , , , , , , , , , and the ,
the shall be be the the of the , and the the of the
oh that my soul is in , . let me not be disappointed .
you shall take the the of of the , of the , of the the of of the of israel , and the the
solomon solomon solomon the house of israel , and the the of of the , of the , of the . of the .
you shall make no distinction of the , , the the of the
who is the , of , and , ?
god spoke to abraham , saying ,
you shall make the and to the . .
i am yahweh your god , who brought you out of the land of egypt , to
the the of of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the words of yahweh .
he made the the of the the , and the the the the .
they said to him , what is these ? he said , , and said ,
now therefore , , , , , , , , , , , and you , and , and , and , and , and you , and , and , and you shall be , and you shall be , and
the the of the the , the god of the , and the the .
you shall not uncover the nakedness of your , , you shall not be the , and you shall be .
but he he was the , , the jews , the jews , and , and , , , , and the , ,
moses and the the the the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
for he says , he who believes in him , he , god , the lord , god .
i will give thanks to you , and will sing praises to you , and will sing to your
they they him , and they , him , and
we are we , , we , , , , , , we are in the .
you you you , , , , , , , , , you are
you shall not the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the of the the
the the of israel , the , of israel , says yahweh , the god of israel , the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
i will make the the of the , , and will make the the of the
now the was the , , , , , , , and , and , and , and the , , and the ,
the priest shall take some of the blood of the bull , and sprinkle it on the altar
i am the a pelican , and a , like a , of a , like a , of a , like a , of a , and like the , of a , and the .
then jeremiah the to the the of jeremiah , prophet , the son of neriah , the son of mahseiah , the son of mahseiah , the son of mahseiah , the son of mahseiah , the son of mahseiah , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk>
the shall not be , , , and the shall be be .
the the of of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , and the the of the the of the .
they brought the the the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of of the .
he shall take the of the of the , , and the the , , and the the , and the , and
they have n't , and they , . they have n't the the .
i will give thanks to you , and will be the , and i will be the .
if you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
for we we are in the , , we are in christ jesus , through the spirit of the , , the the , of the , , the the , of the , ,
therefore thus says the lord yahweh : i will not again to the ,
but he said to the , of the , , and , , , , the son of the , of the ,
joshua sent the people together to and the to the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
yahweh our god , the us .
yahweh has made a high place , the the , and the the the the , and the the the the of the , and the the of the , and the .
the who of the , , , , and the , the poor , the the , the the of the .
the children of israel went out , and encamped in the , and encamped in gibeah .
i am the alpha and the , , i am the .
he said , i , i , , , , , , , , , i will , , , , , , , , , and i have n't .
they they went in the and encamped in the valley of the , and the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
when the had , he was the , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , and , and , and , and , and , and the , and the ,
whoever touches any of , and is unclean , and he is unclean , he shall be unclean until the evening . he shall be unclean .
for the the is the , , , , , , , , , , the lord , the the , the the of the .
then said to the , , , , , , , , , , , the land of the , of the .
let the be of your salvation .
you have you , in the , , and , , , , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the sea ,
the is the the of the , , the , , the the of the the .
you shall speak to the , and i will yahweh , god , and i will be my people , and i will be my people , and i will be .
do n't you know that i am ? you , you , you ?
i will make the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the
but he said to them , , , , , , , , , , , ? he said , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
therefore , you , , , , and you .
and the the of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the ,
the said , the , of the , , and , , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and
he said to me , son of man , have you seen this , , and , , , , the land of the , , and the , of the , , and , and , , , , and the , and the
moses said to the people , saying , you you not be afraid , for you have not , , you ?
then said to the king , let your lord be king over israel , and , and the the of the the of the the of the the of
he brought the the of of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , of god ,
but the people of the , and the , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and .
these are the names of the sons of noah , the sons of ithamar , were of the sons of ithamar , were forty
one young bull , one ram , one male lamb a year old , for a burnt offering ;
he who the the in the earth , and the the the the the the
i i you , , ? , i , you , ? , you , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the ,
but the the priest shall take the boiled of the , , and the it , and the it , and the it the priest of the , and the
i am the the of the , , , and the the of the the , and the .
i have seen the , and the , , and , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
the children of benjamin came out of the , and encamped in the valley of the , and the the of the , and encamped in the valley of rephaim .
he makes the like the , , and the the the the the
do n't be afraid , for you is the , , and the ?
the the of the , and the , and the the .
moses and aaron the the people , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
it happened , when he had to him , he said to him , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the .
the the of the the the , , and the the of the the .
let the be be the the , , let the who are in the
the will be the , and the , , and the will be the the of of the
they they the the the the of , and the the of the , , and the , of the , , and the , of yahweh , and the the of of , and the .
yahweh will strike the the of the , , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the of the the of the , and the the of the the .
the priest shall take the of the blood of the sin offering , and the priest shall make atonement for him , and he shall be forgiven
for yahweh has the his of jacob , and he his his .
yahweh will bring them again to the land which yahweh swore to your fathers , to abraham , to isaac , and to jacob , and to jacob , to give them , and to
then job , , , and , , , and he is .
and you shall be in the land of the , , and the your of your , , and the your of your and the your of your and the your of , and the your of your and the your of your
for the is of your heart is the , , the the of the the .
but the the of the the of the the of the , and the the of the , of the , of the , of the the
therefore i said , i , the , of , and i will , the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the of of .
they said to him , , , , , , , , , , , the land of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , of the .
behold , you have heard that you , , , , , , , , ?
if a man is a , , , or a the , ,
they were the , and the , of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and <unk> ,
for they have the the , the , , the , , the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
for the the of of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the , and the , of the , of the , of the ,
he shall the the the the of the tent of meeting , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the ,
the the of the the , , and the , and the antelope , and the <unk> ,
the children of israel did to the children of yahweh , moses ,
for yahweh our god , he is our god , and , is our god , and we will our iniquities .
we have we our fathers , we have our , , , our god , and we have sinned against you , and we our iniquities , and we have our , and our , and our , and our , and our , and the . of your .
the priest shall take the the of the sin offering , and the log of oil , and the the for the burnt offering , and the priest of it , and the drink offering .
now therefore , please let your heart be , and i will be you you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you you , and
let my heart be on your , , and i will be in your . .
the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the
the priest shall take some of the blood of the sin offering , and the log of oil , and the the of oil , and the oil of the the priest .
the priest shall examine him plague on the seventh day , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the priest shall pronounce him unclean .
so they went the people , and they them , and they them .
but peter , when they had come , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the king said to the , , , , , , the king of the , and the .
he who is his to his , , he who is his will be him .
they they to the the of yahweh , and the the of the , of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the
he brought the the of of the , and the the of of , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , of the ,
it shall be , when you come to the , , , , , , , , , , , , the city , and the the , and the the
moses said to the children of israel , saying , this is the land which yahweh has given to you , to the land of egypt .
i have the the , the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
but we we the christ , , , , , , , , , , , , , the lord ,
you shall not no bread to eat , neither shall you eat the the of the you shall not eat any kind of anything that is in the , , you shall eat the the thing .
the is of the wise man , , but the fool is the .
the who of the righteous will be humbled , but the righteous will be exalted .
they shall not be , , neither shall the be of the .
the said , i , the , of , and , , , , , the , of the , , the the of the , , and the , , and the , and the ,
they they they , , they , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
i will i you you , and you , and you shall be , and you shall be , and you shall be , and you shall be , and , and you shall be , , and you shall be .
the the of the the of the the of the , of the , , and the , and for the lambs , and for the , ,
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
the shall be the the of the , , and the the of the the , the the of the the .
why do you you the speck of chaff that is in your eyes ? do n't you know that you is the , ? and you you , , , you
you shall take the the of the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of the the of of the the of of the .
my son , attend to my words . i will my , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and i will not , and .
the shall be the the the the , the the , the the of the the the the of the the the the of
the the of the the of the the of the , of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and
i will give the throne of the , and the , and the , and the the of the the of the .
he will happen in that day , that he will punish the people of the , and will will the the of the , and the will will be . .
i i heard the voice of the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the ,
now therefore , the word of yahweh , you have spoken concerning the , of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , of the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
you shall shall be your and the , and you shall be the the , and the shall your seed .
and the the of of the , , the , , the the , the the , and the the of the .
i said , i , i , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , the world ,
the shall shall the the of the , of the , of the , of the , , of the , of the , , and for
if a man is a , , , or of the , , or of the , , or of the , , or for the , , or for
he brought the the of the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , , and , and , , , , , , , , , , , the
they said to him , we , we , you , you ? he said , you , , , , , you ?
they they him , and they , and and the .
therefore therefore , to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
the the of the the , , and said to him , , , , , , ?
the righteous will be , , the righteous , but the righteous of the wicked will be
i i you you , you , , , , , , you , you .
you shall the the , and the , , , and the the , and the .
in the days of the , in the , of in the , of the , , in the
they shall be no one to the , , neither shall the animals of the earth , and the the of the , and
yahweh , my god , i me , and i will my refuge in the day .
you have heard that i am yahweh , have done to you , and have not , , and have not , , and have not my me , and , i have not them , and the .
but the wicked will be , , the righteous , but the righteous will be exalted .
for yahweh your god , the , , the heavens , and the earth , the earth , and the earth is the , and the earth , and the
when the the , and the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , , , and ,
for god is our father , who is our father , and the god of the , of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the
they have n't me in the , of the , , i have n't , and i i am in the .
yahweh has made a high place , the , of the , .
if a man has a wife , and he shall her , and and he shall be his wife , and he shall be his his and he shall be his his and he shall be his wife , and he shall be his
why do you speak to words , and understand the
the the people said , we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , and the .
but the the of the the , , , , , , , , , , the king of the , and the the of the the
david took the the of the , , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
he shall not to you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and you will be , and you .
for yahweh was a god .
the righteous of the righteous is , , but the righteous of the wicked will
he shall not to yahweh , god , and he will be you , and will be you , and will will be you .
for the is of god is , , , , , the , of the .
we we we have in the , , we we not , ,
you shall be the , and the , , and the the of the . .
i have you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the .
for the is of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the ,
i will make the and the , , and the the of the the .
the the of the the , , , the the , the the of the the .
for the is of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
david came to the , and , , and said to him , i have , the the , of the , of
abraham took the the of the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the .
they shall their the in the streets . they the is the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
he shall be the his hand , and shall shall be his the the the sword , and he shall be his the the the sword , and he shall be his . .
but the the the jews who were with him , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
for i have my my , , i will my my .
praise yah ! praise god , his name !
let my soul be in the . let the solace of your lips .
they brought him the , and and him , and and he him , and , and gave them pulse .
behold , the days come , says yahweh , that i will punish the the of the , and the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the
i have seen the and applied my in to be in the , , and to the the .
the priest shall take the the of the the , and shall burn it fire .
it shall be , that the the of israel , that the children of israel may
so solomon solomon exceeded all the kings of israel , and the the of of the , and the the of
for i have the the , , , , , , and the , of the , , the the of of the , , and the the of the the .
jesus said to him , i , i , , , , , , , , .
the the the the one wing of the cherub , one cherub , and the other wing the other wing of the other cherub .
the the of the the of the , , and the the , and the , and the , and the .
i will make the the of the , and the will be the the the the of the , and the will of the will be the the the the of the , and the will of the will be the .
the will happen in that day , that i will punish the egyptians , and the will of the the of the , and the will of the will be the , and the will of the will be the , and the will of the .
yahweh sent to to the the of of , and said to him , go up , and , and the , of the , of the . of the
i will bring the sword on the , and will will be the ; and i will bring the sword on them , and i will bring them again to the , and the will of the will i will cause them to fall by the sword , and i will cause them
he came to the , and the , and the , , and the , and the ,
they they to the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the
if a man lies with a , , and he shall be his ox .
then jeremiah the prophet the prophet jeremiah the prophet , saying , the , the the of the the of the , and the the of of the king of
the said said to me , do n't be afraid , for i have , you , and .
solomon solomon solomon exceeded all the kings of israel , and the all that he had done .
the the of the the of the , , , , and , and , , and , , and , , and , and , , and , and , , and , and , and of goats , and of goats , and of goats ,
the the of the the of the earth , the the , the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and
but the shall be no more , the , , the the , , and the the , the the of the ,
they they have , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
they brought the the of the , , and the the the the the the the
it happened , the days of the the of of , in the days of uzziah , of judah , that he the son of josiah , king of judah , in the
therefore i will make the land of egypt , and the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of
they shall up the the , and the , and the the the the .
you have you , , and you , , , you , n't be ; and you you , , , you , n't hear , neither do you .
the is the the of the , , the , , and the the of the .
i have heard my , , and i , and i , i , and i will , , , i will , , , and i will , , and i will , , and i will , and i will .
they shall the the the the , and the the of the tent
i have the father , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the .
for the is of god is , , , , , , , , , the , of the ,
i have , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , and the , , and the the , and the the
behold , i have the the , and the , , and the , and the , , and the , the house of the .
the angel of yahweh came on the , , and the , , and the the , the waters of the sea , and the the the the the the , and the .
now the rest of the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the the of of of the , of judah
therefore you shall be the , , , , and , , , , , and , and , and , and of the ,
david lived in the six thousand men , and the thousand horsemen , and he the shield of the .
the the of the the of the , , the the of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the .
they have n't the the the , , the the , the the , the the , the the , the
jesus said to them , go , , , and , , , , , , and the , , , and the , , and the ,
they made the the of the , , the the , the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the the .
he built the the of of the , and the the the of of the , and the the of the the of of the , and the the of of the
he built the the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the
but the the king of the , of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
you have the , of your , , , and have given you , and you have , , and have given you , and have not you .
the is the the of , and , , , , and the the of the .
they were the , and the , , and hundred thirty - five talents .
the is the the of the , , , , , and , , , , , , and , , , , and , , , and , , and , and , and of the
they they the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the ,
but he he was to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you ?
you have the the , the , , the , , the the of the the .
when the days of fulfilled , the , , , , , , , , and the , and the .
for , behold , i create a covenant in the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
the the of the the of the , of the , , and the , and the , and the .
let the be of the , , the the the earth .
the the of the the of the , , the the of the , , and the the of the , and the , and the , and the .
when the sun turns , and he shall be , , and he shall be . .
i i will , , i will not , . i will be , and will be .
they brought the the the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of
you shall appoint the the of of the the of of the , of the , of israel , and the the of the the of israel , and the the of the the of the the of the
you shall not , and you , you will be .
but if the rejection of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the ,
hear the word of yahweh , you , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the .
who is the who of the , , , who can oppose him ?
but the the of the , , the , , , , , the spirit , the lord , and the
moses said to yahweh , saying ,
for we we are in the , , we are in the , , we are in the .
then said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and ?
the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of
when the had , , , , , , , , and , , and , and , and , and , and , and the
but , the god of abraham , who is in the , , and the , , and the ,
aaron shall present the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the of the .
the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the .
for the will be like the , , the the of the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the of the
the the of the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
you shall not uncover the nakedness of your father , and your daughter , and your daughter , and your daughter , and your male servant .
they shall not be the , , , and , and , and , and , and , and the , and the .
the said to the king , the king of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the king of the ?
it shall happen , that day , that i will punish the egyptians , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the
do n't be the , , do n't let the , , the the of the .
the shall shall shall the the of the , and the shall , and shall the the of the the , and the the shall be the the the the of the .
yahweh , yahweh , the , the heavens , the earth , the the the the the the the the of the
for you are be the , , your sins .
but the will of the wicked will be , , and the the of the righteous will be saved .
he said to them , i , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , the , , and the , , and the
i will make the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the ,
then said , , , , , , , ? i said , i , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the the ?
you you you , , , , , , , , , , ,
for the is is the , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and , and ,
therefore i i the wicked , and , , , and the , , and the .
the the of the the the the , the the , the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
for the will be in the the , , and the the of the the .
for you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , and the , and the
joshua the son of nun , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of son of <unk> ,
they they n't , and they , . they the n't know the .
i will make the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the of the
it happened , when the the of the the of the , , that the the of the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the
they shall not , the , of the , , the god of israel .
you shall observe the feast of yahweh , and observe the sabbath day
therefore you shall be the the of , and you shall the the of the .
they said to the , of , , , , , , , , , , , , the land of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the the king of the
but he who is the in the , , he will be the father
they brought the the of , and the the the the .
you shall not be , , and .
i have set my in the , of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
let the be be in the , , and let the earth rejoice in the , , and the .
the the of the the the the , and the the the the the the of the .
he made the cherubim of brass , and overlaid them with gold , and the the of the gold , and the the of the , and the of the , and the the of the .
for they they heard the , they were , , , they cried out , and , , , !
yahweh said to noah , and he was in , and he .
behold , i will my god , and i , and i will , , , and i will , , and i will , , and i will not .
but said , , , i tell you , you are the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , , and the , , and the
the the of the the the , , and the the , the the , and the the , the the , and the the the the of the the .
now , behold , i have the the of , and , , , , the son of the , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk>
do n't be your to the , , , and the the , and the the , and the the , the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the
i have , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
the the the the , and hundred thirty - five .
but is the who of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
the the of the the the , , and the the of the the .
he shall the the of the tent of meeting , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the
he made the clasps of brass , and put them in the tent , and put it in the .
the the of the one of the other , the two , of one piece with it , and a bud under two
when they had come , they , they , , they , and they , , , , , , , , , , , and they .
they they n't , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the
it happened , when the had come , that they lifted up their voice , and said , , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
do n't be your heart , , , , and , and the wicked , and the the , and the the of the wicked .
but the the of the the , and the , of the , , , and said , him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the king of the , and the the
the the of the the of the , and the , and the , and the .
he said to them , the , of the , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
but , as it is written , i will give you you , the , of the , , the house of israel ,
they they came to the , , and said , them , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
for we we the lord of god , that we may be justified by the law , the the , the lord ,
behold , i will send you , i will bring you on the land , and i will bring the sword on the , and and will will the the of the , and the the of the . .
behold , you shall see , and , and shall be , ; and shall shall be , and shall be , and shall be .
the is the the of his soul , and the the of the the of his . .
the the of the the of the the of the the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the the of
david said to david , i , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the philistines of the , , and , , , , , , , , , and the .
we have we the things of god , , , , , , , , the lord of the .
i will make the land of egypt , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of
he made the screen of the tent of the tent , and the the the
but the the of the , , the the the the of the
but the the of the , , , , , , , , , and the ,
when he had come , he , he , he was , and he was .
when the syrians heard that they were come to the , , the king of the , , , , , , ,
when he had come to him , he said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel , behold , i will bring you this city , and , and the the of of the , and the the of of , and the the of of , and the the of of the , of the , of
i i , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
therefore i will send the sword on the , and will will them the the of of the
you shall be the the of the , , the the of the , of the , , the the of the the , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
moses was the the the the , , and the the the the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
if you you , , , , , , , , you will be .
they shall be in the , , and , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
he shall take the the of the tent of meeting , and the the offering , and the the offering of the tent of meeting .
it will happen in that day , that the will will be a a great and the , and the the and the will of the
the the of of yahweh of armies , the the of israel , and the of israel , i will bring them again to the , and the will of the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
the the of the the of israel , and they , and , and they , and , and , and , and , and they .
he shall be the , and the , and the the of the .
i will give you to the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and i will give you you , and i will give you a place for you ,
thus says yahweh , the , the , and the , , and , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of
and the the sacrifice of peace offerings , two oxen , five rams , five male goats , and a male goat .
but when the saw that he was , , , , , , , , , the sea , and the the , and the the , and the the the
you shall not , and you , , and you shall your god , and your son , and your son , and your son , and your daughter , and your son
i have heard the the of of the , , and , and the ,
if anyone sins , he shall not , , , , , , , , , , , , , and shall not be the foreigner , and
but he said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
it happened in the days year , in the fifth month , in the tenth day of the month , that the king of babylon came , he came to the ,
yahweh said to moses , go , the , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and
they said to , , , , , , ? he said , him ,
for the is of the , , , , , , , , the , of the , , the the , the spirit of the , and the .
you shall make the the of the , , and the the , and the , and scarlet , and fine twined linen , and work of the embroiderer , and work of the skillful workman .
you shall be the the , the , , the the , and the the of the the , the the of the the of the the .
they they to the , and the , , and , and , , , , , , , the land of canaan , and the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the .
yahweh , the , , , , , , , , the heavens , the
but they the the , the , , the , , , , , , the word of god , and the the , the the ,
your eyes are like a newly shorn , , your eye is like the <unk> of the , of the <unk> of the .
the the of the the the the , the the , the the , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the .
i have heard the i of my , , , i , and , , , , , , , and the , , the , of the , and the .
now , you , , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and you .
i will set my fire in the , and the shall , and i will cause the to to the the land of the ; and i will cause them to fall by the sword .
oh , my , , , , i will . i me , and i will .
it happened , when the king of that the said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , , and the , , and , and , and .
but jesus said to them , do you you believe , you ? he said , you ,
oh that my , , , , . let me be shamed .
my son , my , , , , , and the , of the the of of the .
the the of the the of the the of of yahweh , the the of yahweh , the god of israel .
they shall be , , , and , and , and will be them , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
he division , and those who were with him .
for the is of the , , , , , , the lord of
god is the , , and the , , the the , the the , the the of the the .
you shall not be in the , , the , , the the , and the shall be ; and the shall shall be , , and shall be be ,
the shall shall be his his , and he shall be his his and he shall be his . .
the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of
who is wise in the , , and who is the in his ways ?
when the saw that , he said to him , and said , him , i have you to me , and i have n't you to you .
he brought the the of of the the of of the , and the the of of the , of the , of the the of of the . of
and that you may be in the name of yahweh , and the the of of the , and the the of of the .
they they to the , and , , , and said , , , , , , , , , , , , , the land of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , , and the , , , and the , , , and the , , , and the .
if he has , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i have not , , , and i have not to .
for you are the of god , you , , the lord of the lord
but said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
you shall make the the of the , and and the the of the . .
if i have n't , i will not , you , i will you , you , and .
when he saw that he was was , , he was , , , , , he was , , , and he was , and , and he was asleep .
but when the heard that he was was dead , he he had that he was , , , , he had , , , he had .
then said to the , , , , , , , , , the land of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the of the .
or if the asks for a , , , , , , , , , , the ? of the ?
david and the men of israel , and the and the , and the .
moses and aaron went in the midst of the , , and the the the the of the .
you shall take the the of the tent of meeting , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the of the the , and the
the the of israel , the the of of the , , and the the of of the , of
i have the apostle of christ jesus , the the , of the , , the , of the , and the
you you have the the , , you , , you , and you , , you , and you , , you , and you .
moses and aaron went in the and all israel with him .
the is of the wicked , , , the the of the the of the
you have you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and he is .
the the of the the the , , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the , and the
the said said to him , what , you ? he said , you , , , , , , ?
i will make the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
i will make you the the of , and the the of the the , and the the of the .
the said , what is this ?
for the king of the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of yahweh .
he division , and those who were numbered of them , were thirty - five thousand four hundred .
behold , a great voice in the midst of the , , a great of , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and
and the the of the the the the of the , , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the
most assuredly i tell you , this generation will not pass away , and the , , , , , , , , and the , and the .
the lord said to the , of the , , , , , , , , the the of of the , and the , of the , and the
who is the the god , who raised up the the of the lord jesus christ .
the shall shall not be , , , shall be no more .
he shall offer the offering offering , and the offering of the offering , and the drink offering of it , and the drink offering of it .
behold , the will of the the , , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the
i have the the of the , , the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
when he had to the , , , , , , , , , , and , , and the .
now the the of the the , , the , , the the ,
yahweh said to moses , go , your your , , and your the , of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and
david said to the , , and , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
therefore , you , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
you shall be , the , of the , , and the , and the , , and the the of of
he was him , and , , and .
your cheeks are like a newly shorn , , the the of the the of the . the the of your billows like a .
the is of the , , , you , you , you ?
you shall not uncover the nakedness of your father 's wife , nor the daughter of your mother 's sister .
it happened , when the children of israel had grown strong , that they sacrificed to idols , and sacrificed to idols , and made asheroth , and worshiped yahweh , and worshiped them , and yahweh had commanded them .
i will give to you , and , the land of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , of israel , i am yahweh your god
do n't be the in the , , neither shall you steal ,
let the be be the the , , , let the who are in the
then said , the , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the the the the
but jesus said to them , you , , , , , , , , , , , ,
and that you may be the the of the , of the , , the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
if anyone is a hearer of the law , the is the the law ,
for the is of the , , , , , , the law of god ,
they said to the the king , and said , we have sinned , and we have forsaken yahweh , and god of israel , and the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the .
for the is of the is the , , the the of the the .
but the the of the , , the , , , , , the , , the , , the , ,
they said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the king of the .
it happened in the days of the the , that the king of egypt , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
micaiah said , the , i have you , , , , and the , of the , and the .
he brought the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the
blessed are the god , who is the god .
yahweh said to moses , go , your you , and i will , you , and , , and i will make you a , and , and the land of the , , and the shall be , and the .
the is the the of the earth , and the , and the , , , , and , , , , , and , and , and , and
the said to the , of israel , thus says yahweh , behold , i will bring you into the land of egypt , and the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of
yahweh said to moses , go , your you , and you , and go up to possess the
they said to him , , , , , , ?
for you have been my me . the floods of my me .
he he had , , , , , , and he was , and
he made the cherubim of brass , and overlaid them with gold , and the the of the , and the the , and the the .
for thus says yahweh lord yahweh : i will i break the yoke of the , and and i will cause the residue of the nations , and the the of the
and you shall be the the of , and the the of the , of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the
then the the of israel and the the people , and they , and they the people .
you shall speak to the children of israel , saying , when you pass over the jordan , the land of canaan , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the
the the the the the the the , , the the , , and the the , , and the the , , and the the , , and the the , , and the the , and the , and the ,
and the meal offering of fine flour mixed with oil , three tenth parts for the bull , two tenth parts for the one ram , and the other lambs , and for the
for the the of the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
if you will , , , , , , , will be you you .
oh give thanks to yahweh , for he is good , and the .
it will happen , when the king said , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , , and will not be
he said to the , , and , , , , , , , , , , ,
i will make the land of the , and and will bring them again to the land , and i will give them to the land of the amorite , and the hittite , and the jebusite , and i swore to your fathers to
they they were the , , the , , and the , , and the , and the .
they said to him , we , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and , and .
jesus answered , , i have you , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
moses was a the the of the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the .
yahweh is the god of his , , he is the in his . .
i have i the , and my , , and i will my my of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
he said to them , i , i , , , , , god , the god of abraham , and the god of jacob . '
the children of israel the children of reuben and the children of gad and the children of reuben and the children
david said to him , i have seen a man in the land of the , of
you have also given me my my , , , and i will you , and .
when the the of the the , , the , , and , and the , , and the ,
the children of israel traveled , and encamped in the wilderness of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
but the the of the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
joshua the the the the of the , and the the of the , of israel , to
but the , , , , , , , ? he said , , , , , ?
for i am the , of god , i am the father , and christ
the the the the , and hundred thirty - five .
do n't you know that , , , , , , you , you you , you .
the the of the the the , , the the , and the the , and the the of the the
they shall be the the the the , and the the of the .
for god is the god of abraham , who is my father , and i am in the .
the king said to him , i , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and you .
for the is of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
do n't be conformed to the flesh , but the the spirit of the
the the of the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and
it happened in the days year of in the month , that the king of babylon came up to jerusalem .
he shall make the the of the , , and the the the the of the .
but you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
they have n't , to me , and , and have not .
thus says the lord yahweh : i will i break the yoke of the , and i will cause the to to the , and the the of the .
it happened in the morning year , in the fifth month , in the second day of the month , that the the of the , the month , that the the of
so you you , the , of the lord jesus christ .
moses spoke to the children of israel , saying , this is the thing which yahweh has commanded , the children of israel .
they they to , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
but you you , , we are not , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the
and the lord yahweh , the god of your salvation .
if anyone man tells you , let him hear what the spirit says to the assemblies
for you have , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , , you ,
he took the the , and put it on the , , and the it on the , and and the it on the , and the it
moses and to the children of israel , and they the children of israel , that they may do .
you have not , and do n't be . you will be , , you will be .
i will make the land of , and i will bring you again to the land , and i will be the i am yahweh , when i am yahweh .
but the the of the the of the , of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the kohathites
who has the the of the , , the , , the the , the the , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
the the of the the the the , the the , and the the , and the the the the of
in that day , the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , of the , and the the
they shall be be afraid , and shall be dismayed ; and shall be confounded , and shall be , and the shall be , , and shall shall be .
let the be of god , the the of the , and the .
you shall not uncover the nakedness of your father , and he is a the father of and he shall be him , and he shall be him .
why do you say , lord , , , , , , , , , , , and the , and the ?
for yahweh has yahweh the , of israel , the the of israel .
but the the of the the , , the , , the the , , the the , and the , and the .
but i will yahweh , god , the , of my , , and i will bring the land of the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
behold , the days of your gladness , and the the of the the , the the of the the , the the of the the , and the the of the , , and the the of
then said , behold , i have the the of the , and the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the
you shall set the the of the the , the the , the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the the holy place , and the the of the .
the wicked of the righteous is , , but the righteous of the wicked will be . .
it happened in the days year , in the month , that the word of yahweh came to the the of of , and the the of israel
the the of the the the the , the the the the of the the .
joshua the to the the words of yahweh , which he spoke by his servant the prophet , and the the of of yahweh , and the the of of the , and the the of of yahweh ,
i have , , , , , , , , , the lord of the .
therefore you shall be your god , and you , and , your god , and your god .
for they do n't have the , , the , , the the , the righteous .
then said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the king of the , and the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the .
it happened in the days of in the month , that the king of egypt came
david said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , i am you , that i am a god .
i i i to you , , , , , , , , , , , god , father , and the lord jesus christ
i i you you , you , , , , , , , , , , , ,
they they n't , , , , , , , , ? '
i i , , and i , , , , , , , , , , , .
who has the the in the , , and who has the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the of the the
one young bull , one ram , one male lamb a year old , for a burnt offering ;
yahweh , yahweh , i will , and i will praise you , and i will be .
they made the the of the , of the , , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
but the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the ,
i have you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the .
and they shall not , , , , , , , , yahweh , god .
the the of the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
son of man , set your face toward the , and prophesy against the , of ammon , and prophesy against the , of the , , and against the , of the , , and against the , of the ,
the the of the , of the , , the , , , and , and , , and , , and , and , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and ,
now therefore , , yahweh , god , your god , and
if a man is a , , , , , , , , and is no one who is
the is the the of the , , and the the , the the , and the the , the the
for the is of god is the , , and the the .
my eye is clothed with worms and clods of it .
for the is of god is in , and the is the god .
the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
the the of of the the of of , and the the of of , and the the of of , and the the of of , and the the of of , and the the of of , and of the
you have you , me , and , , , and the , and the the
for yahweh has a god of israel , and he has compassion on his people , and he has not , , and he has not , , and he has not , , and he has not his . .
why do you say , yahweh , the , of , and the , , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the
yahweh , you have been favorable to the , , you have not , and the , of the , , the , of the , , and the .
he shall take the of the of the , , and the the , , and the the , , and the the , and the
in the day of the the of , the the of of the , , the the of the , and the the of the , and
for he has of the , , he will be , and he will be , and he will will be , and he will will be , and he will be , and he will be , and he will be . .
you shall make a the of , and you shall eat the and the shall be . .
they brought the the the the of the , and the the the the of the tent of
the the the the , the , , the , , and the , , and the , and
the is a the , the , , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , and the the the the of the .
it happened in the morning , that he went out , and struck the philistines , and struck them , and the , and the , and the , and the .
the is the the of the , , , , and , , , , , , and , , , , , and , and , and , and <unk> ,
i have the the of , and the , of the , , the , of the , of the , of the , the the of
he shall make the of the the , , and the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the .
you shall speak to the children of israel , saying , this is the land which yahweh has given you , and the land flowing with milk and honey , and the is no inhabitant of flies .
i am not , and i am in .
thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel , behold , i will bring you into the land of nebuchadnezzar king of babylon , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of , and the the of of , and the the of of the , and
the is the god of the , , the , of my soul ,
let your hand be on the . let them be clothed with the . of
but he said to them , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
they shall tell the , , , , , , , the god of israel , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the .
but you you , , you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you .
the the of of the , of the , of the , and the the of the ,
david and the people who were with him , and , and , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the .
for the is of god , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
but if the is of the , , , , , , , , , , , , the lord , the the , the the , the lord
you shall be the in the land , and i will be you you , and i will be you you , and i will be you
for the is of the , , , , , , the the of the , ,
he shall be his his , , his , and he shall be his his .
when the was come , he was to his house , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and .
moses said to the , , , , , , , the , of the , , the the of the the , the the of the the .
the is the the of the , , and the , , and the , and the , , and the , and
they they him , and they , , and , and , and they .
but i tell you , the kingdom of god is , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
then said said to me , go , your your , and the , , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the
now therefore you , the the , , and , , and the , , the land of your , , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you .
i have you you you , the god of your fathers .
jesus said to them , i , you , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , and the .
the children of israel traveled , and encamped in the , and encamped in the .
you shall not no other gods , you , nor any of the , , nor any of the , of the .
it shall be , when the day that the , of the , , , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the
moses said to them , i will not you you , you will be you you .
then said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the king of the , and the , , and the , of the , , and the , of the , of the , of the , of the .
if a man lies with his , , and he shall his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and be unclean until the evening .
the the of the the , of the , , , , , , , , , , the king of the , of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , of the ,
for the is of the , , , , and the .
if i have n't , , , , , , , , , you
the shall shall be no , , the , of the , and the shall be be
now therefore , , the the of of , , the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the ,
but we we not , , we , , , we we , , we we will be .
if the wicked of the , , , , , , the the of the the
they brought the the of the , , and the the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the .
do n't be the in the , , the , , the you , the the , the the of
you shall not eat the your of , and you shall not eat the and you shall not eat ; and you shall eat the fruit of the , , and you shall eat the fruit of it .
yahweh said to me , go up , and , and , and i will , the land of the , , and i will , you , and , and , and , and the , of the , , and the the of ,
he made the the of of the , of the , and the the of the , and the the of the
the word of yahweh came to jeremiah the second time , the days of the .
the is the the of the , , the the , the the the the of the the , the the of the the .
it shall be , that day , the the of the the of the , , the the of the , and the the of the the of the the of the the .
you shall not uncover the nakedness of your father 's sister , and is your mother 's nakedness .
do n't you know that you are the ? ? you you , , you ? you ?
you shall make the the of the tent of meeting , and shall take the of the , and the the of the tent of
yahweh has the his , , he has , and he he has .
you have not , my , , and , , , , , , , , , , i have not you you , and i have not you you
let the not be the the , , the the of the the the lord of
for you have , , , , god , and the god of abraham , and the god of isaac , and the god of
you have the the in the , , the , , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , , and the the , , and the , and the , and the , and the .
they said to him , , , , , , , , , , and the .
he shall be the in the , of his , , and the the of the .
who is the the of the , , the , , the , , the , , the , of the , , the the , the lord jesus christ ,
the children of israel went out , and encamped in the .
my soul is in to me . my my my me .
let the be of your , , and the , of the , , and i will be the .
but the shall not eat of it , and shall the fruit of it .
you have you , , , , , , , , i am , , , i am , , , i am .
he said , i , i , i , i , , , i , and i , i , and i , and i .
i will give you , the the of of israel , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of
for is the god who is in , , , , , , i am , , , i am , , , i am , .
now , you , , , , , , , , , , , the earth , and the the , , and the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the
then the came to the , and said , him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ? why should you be the to the ? ?
you shall not be your neighbor .
david david and the the of the , and the , and said to him , go up , and the , and the , the king of the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , of the , of
but i have not my the , of my , , , and my , , my , , my , , and the , of the , and the ,
do you you you ? ? you ?
do n't be the , ,
he who is in the , , , , , , , and the the of the .
it shall happen in that day , that yahweh will punish the israel , and he will be israel , and he will be israel , and the .
if you have the the of , you , you , the , , the , , the , , the , , and the the of the , and the
it happened , when the king 's sons , that the people , that the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and
he shall be the his hand , and he shall be the the . he shall be the the of the . .
he took the the of of , and the the the , and the the of of .
he said to me , son of man , have you seen the , , and the , , the , , and the , , the lord , and the the .
we will we our god , we , and we , and we , and we , and we will be .
he took the , and and his sons , and , and , and , and , and the .
they they n't , , they , and , and .
i said , i , you , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and , and , , , and the , , and .
for the is of god is , , , , , , , , , the glory of the , , the the , the the of the ,
if anyone is a hearer of the law , is , , , , , , he is unclean .
when he had come , he was to the , , and , and , and the .
and shall be be in the , of the , , the wicked , and the shall be be , , and the shall be , and the shall be the .
david was the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
but the people of the , , , , and , and , and , and , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
if the man is a , , , , , , , , , the lord of god
now , the , of israel , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the god of your fathers , and the god of your fathers , and the god of your fathers , and
if he offers a bull , the sin offering , or the sin offering , it is a sin offering .
the said , god , the god is the .
it shall be , that day , the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and
they brought the the the the of the the , and the the the the of the
but now , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
you you you , , you , , you you , you you , the ? of
the the people who were with him , to the , , and the , and the , and and they were afraid .
when david saw that the was was praying , the , , , , , , , and the , , and the , and the .
they said to him , yahweh , the god of israel , , , , , , , , , the god of israel , and the
they said to , , we , we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , the the , and the , and the .
the the the the of the the of the the of the the of of the , of the , of the , of the the of of the the of of the the of of the the of of the of the .
you shall make the the of the tent of meeting , and the the of the tent , and the the the the of the tent
the word of yahweh came to jeremiah , saying ,
who is the the of the , , and the , , the ? why have you forsaken me ? and , and have we brought us ?
and they shall not to the , , , , , and the law of the , , the law of the , , the law of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
if they do n't , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
who has the the of the , , the , of the , of the , of the , of the ,
he shall take the the of the , and shall shall the the , and the shall shall be his clothes .
now , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
he who has his , , , , and he who is the .
i am the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the spirit of god ,
oh , yahweh , , god , my god , my salvation , my salvation .
now therefore , my , , , and the , of the , , , and the , of the , and the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the
he he came to the , , and , him , and said to him , , , , , , , , , , .
if he has n't the , , , , he shall restore it to the , , and he shall , and shall , and shall the the of the , and he shall not his his the the , and he shall not the his of the , , and he shall the the of the , , and shall not be his his hand , and
therefore , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , and the .
it happened in the days year of king rehoboam , that shishak king of egypt came up against the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of yahweh , and the the
but the is not the , , , , , , the wicked of the , , the righteous , and the the the righteous of the .
i said , i , i , , , , , , , , , and the , , the earth , and the the of the the , and the the of the .
yahweh , yahweh , the the .
moses said to the children of israel , saying , this is the the of the the of the , of the
they brought the the the of of the , and the the of of , and the the of of the , of the .
therefore he shall be the the of , and he the the of the the .
why do you persecute me ? i am i , and i am a ?
i have the the , the , of the , , the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
you are all of all things
they shall not eat of the , , neither shall they any of the , , nor the any of the the of the .
who can strip the with the , , and who can the ?
but he said , i , n't know , neither will i , , , , , , , , .
he division , and those who were numbered of them , were thirty - five thousand four hundred .
he said to me , do n't be afraid , for i have , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , the , of the , , and the .
the is the the , and the , , , and the the of the .
moses said to the , , , , , , , , , , , the children of israel , and the the of the the of the the of the the of israel
the said , what is this that the have done , and ? , and the , , , and the , , and the
he shall be his his of his , , and the his of his .
it will happen in that day , that the will will be a a desolation , a waste , and a waste , and a waste , and a waste , and a waste land ,
i will make the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the
i will sing to yahweh , and he will exalt his . .
now therefore , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , , and the , and the .
thus the word of yahweh came to jeremiah the prophet concerning judah , and he reigned in the days of josiah , son of josiah , king of judah , and in the fourth year
for the will of the the of the , , and the the of the .
but they did n't listen to the , of israel , but the the of israel , and the the of the , of israel , and the the of of the .
then jeremiah the prophet the the of of , , and , the , of the , of the , and the the of of , and the the of the , of
the men of the city , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
the shall shall the of the offering of the , , and the of the , , and the lambs
he said to me , son of man , have you the your , , and have given you the land of the , , and have given them the land of canaan , and
if you shall eat of it , you shall eat it , and it shall be eaten , and you shall eat it the fruit of it , and you shall eat it it
but jesus jesus , when he had the , , he said to them , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
but we have not the the of the , , the , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of
the said , what is we do ? the ? of the , , and the , , and the ?
and the border of the , from the east side to the west side of the west border , and the the west border of the east .
for thus says the lord yahweh : the shall of israel , and the the of , and the the , and the the , and the
and the the of the the of the , of the , of the , , and of the , and for the hundred talents of silver , and for thousand talents of
god the word of god , and the , , the , of god , and the the , of the , , the the ,
and shall be the the of the , , and the the , and the
if a man is a , , , or a , , or the , , or the , , or the the , , or the the , , or the the , or for the , or for the , or for the .
he he had , , , , , , , and , and , and , and the .
but when the heard that the was was dead , he said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
jesus said to them , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
he he had , , , , and he was .
yahweh , my god , i me , and i will .
if he is a , , , he shall not be , , he shall be unclean , he shall be his his soul .
it happened , when the had of , that he
now , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the nations , and the the of the , , and the the of of the , , and the the of of the , and
for i have you , i am ? , i , i , , , i i , n't , , , i will , , , and i
now the rest of the acts of jehoshaphat , and all that he did , are n't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of judah ? and the the of the the of the the of the the of the ,
they they him , and they , him , and he him , and , him , and he him , and , him , and he him , and , and ,
for the is of the , , the the of the
he shall not the the , , and shall not be the the , and shall be .
it happened , when the had made an end of speaking , that the said to the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
jesus said to them , a demon , and a , , , , , and a little child .
for we are of god , , , , , the glory of god .
you shall not uncover the nakedness of your father 's wife , and shall not uncover your nakedness
i have heard my , , and i , , , i will , my , , and the , , the the of the the , the earth of the , , the the of the the , and the
yahweh , yahweh , yahweh , my god , for i have done my , .
the children of israel , to the , of the .
i have seen the the of the , , and , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
but he said to them , , , , , , you ? he said , i am .
the will be the the of the , , and the will will the the of the .
when he had come , he was , , , , and he , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the .
he has walled me in the wilderness , and has led me out of the the rock of
he shall take the the of the tent of meeting , and the the the the the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of
i will i my covenant with you , and i will make a fire on the , , and the the of the , and the the of
they brought the the the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
if the offering is a meal offering of it , and the it , the offering , it is a meal offering of it , and the drink offering of it , and the drink offering of it , and the drink offering of it , and the drink offering of it .
when he had come , he was the the , , and the the of of
david and the the of the the of the , and the the of of the .
now therefore , please , my god , my god , and you , , , and i will , , and the , of the , , and the the of the .
we we not to our god , we our god , and us , and our us , and our us , and our us , and to us
let the be of the , , the , , the the of the the of the the .
do n't let the , of , , , , , , .
he who the his , , , and he is in the
yahweh , god , the the of of , , , , the earth of the earth , the earth of the earth
now the the of the the of the , of the , , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and and the , and the , and the , and the .
i will give thanks to yahweh , for i will sing the holy one of israel .
it will happen in that day , that the will of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the sea , and the the sea , and the the sea .
they they shall to the the the children of israel , and the the of the the of the , , the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of the the of the the of of the .
the is like the sea , and the the the the the the the the
the the of the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the
i saw the the , and the , , , and , and , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
it happened in the morning , that he went to the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
he he went out to the , and and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
they shall their hands in the , , and their of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
so david went the people , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
for i tell you , you will not , , , , , , , , , , ,
you have not my me , and , , and i will you , and , and i will you , and , and the , , and the , and the .
the the of of the the of of , and the the of of , and the the of of , and the the of of the
but david the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
i have the my , , and i , i , i , and i , and i
do n't be your heart , and do n't , and do n't be your , , , and do n't be the in your own conceits .
jacob was a the , and his sons , and his his , and his , , and his
hear , word of yahweh , you , of israel , and the of israel , and the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the .
it happened , when he had to him , that he said to him , , , , , , , , .
the the of of israel , the the of of , and the the of of , and the the of of , and of the , of of
you have you , , , , , , , , , , , you , , you , , you , , , , , you
the children of benjamin gathered themselves together to the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
he shall the the the the of the the , of the , of the , of the the of of the , of israel , and the the of the the of israel , and the the of the .
he made the the of the , , and the , , and , and , and , and for the , and for the , and for
i said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
they they the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the , ,
who is my who are in , , and , who has the me , the who has the me .
for the will be the the of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and i will give it
i have the the of , and the , , , , , the name of the , , the the of of the , and the the of the .
for yahweh is a god , and his loving kindness , the holy one of israel .
if the hair of it is n't , , , it is the the the skin ,
for the the of of , , , , , , , , the lord of the lord jesus christ .
for the will be in the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the .
the the the the of the the of the the of the , of the , , and of the , and for the hundred talents of silver , and ten
these are the who were numbered of the families of the sons of gershon , the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and for the , and for the , and for the , and for the , and for the , and for the , and for the sons of
and he brought the the of of the , and the the of of , and the the of of , and the the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> ,
i said , i , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , and the .
now the was the the of the , of the , of the , and the , of the , and the the of of , and the the of of , and the the of of , and the the of of .
the is of the righteous is , , , but the who of the will will be . .
you shall not uncover the nakedness of your father 's wife , and shall not uncover her nakedness .
it will happen in that day , that i will punish the egyptians , and will will them , and the , and the , and the the .
david went up , and his , , and and his , , and , and the his , and
david sent to the , and to the the of of the , and to the king of edom .
when he had come , he was to the , , and he was .
and the the sacrifice of peace offerings , two oxen , five rams , five male goats , and five male lambs a year old . this was the offering of nethanel the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> ,
the is is the .
if the children of israel , , , , , , the land of the , , the land of the , , the land of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , yahweh your
when the heard that he was dead , he said , , , , , , .
i have i my , , and i , and i , i , and , , , , , and i will the father
now the rest of the acts of jehoshaphat , and all that he did , and his might , and his might , and the , and the the of of king of judah ,
for the the of the the of the , of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
when the sun was risen , he was , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
but the the of the , , , , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
then he came to the , and and the , , and he , and and his the , and the .
they they to the , and the , , and said , them , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
david said to him , i will not go with me , and i will go you , and i will go with you , and i will be . .
he did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh , and did n't depart from the sins of jeroboam the son of nebat , with which
therefore i will make them a the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the
abraham said to him , i , i will .
but if he who is the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
you shall eat the your of , and you the fruit of your ground , and the the your of your . .
the is of the , , , , , , , , , and the .
he brought the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the
the the of israel , the the of of , of judah , and the son of josiah , king of judah ,
they shall be the the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the .
the the the burnt offering , the meal offering of it , and the meal offering of it , and the drink offering
they they to the the the , , and the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and , and , and the , and the
i will i my god , and i will be my god , and will be my , , and will will be .
you have you , , i will , , , i i , , , i i , , , i i will , , , i will not , , , i will not , , and .
the lord of yahweh is a me , and i will the my of .
hear , my , , and my , , , and i will , , and the , of the , , the the of of the , , the the of of the , .
for i have my my , , and , i will my my , , and the . of my . .
the the of of israel , the the of of judah , the son of judah , the son of remaliah , the son of josiah , king of judah began to reign .
we have heard of the , of the , , , , , , , , , , , .
the word of yahweh came to jeremiah the prophet concerning the , and he had spoken , the , of the , of the , of israel ,
it shall happen in that day , that yahweh will punish the people , and he will be the the and the will of the ,
for you are the god , and , , , , , , , , , you ,
you shall be the the of the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the
they they had spent , they , and , , and , and , and and the , and the .
he sent to to the , and the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
but he said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and he will be , and he
let my soul be disappointed , let me be shamed . let me be shamed who hate me . let me be dismayed .
you are all of all things , and the .
you have my my , , and i will your your . .
but the the , and the , , , , , , , and the , , , and <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> ,
now therefore , , , , , , , , , , the land of the , of the , of the ,
we are all things , and we , and we the law of the law
the the of the the of the the of of , and the the of of the , of the , of the , of the the of of
you shall take the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the shall be for the manslayer , and shall shall be the the , and the shall shall be the the .
the the of the the the , , , the , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the .
the the of the the , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the
let the be disappointed , confounded , and the , of the , ; for i will bring evil on them , and i will bring them in the .
they brought the the the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
behold , the days of , says yahweh , that i will punish you , and , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and you shall be , and the , and the , and the .
he said to them , yahweh , the god of israel :
for the god of the , of god , the the of the .
i i you you , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and you .
you shall speak to the , and , , , , , , , , and , and , and , and , and , and you shall not , and you shall be .
the righteous of the righteous is , , the the of the wicked is the .
you shall take the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the priest .
the the of the , , and the the .
my heart is troubled . my heart is the , . the heart of the wicked is the .
who is the the of the , ? or who can the ? ?
let the be be in the , , and let the earth rejoice , and the , and the the .
and the the of yahweh , , , and , , the , of the earth .
you have my my , and i will your your . .
now therefore , please let my lord the king , that i may go up to the the land of the king of
when the had , and they , they were , they were , , , they were , and they , , and they .
the shall shall be for the sin offering , and the other for a burnt offering .
for they have not my people , and , and , and , and , and i will not them .
it happened in the days year , in the month , that the king of egypt came up to the , and besieged it .
and the the the the of the the , of the , , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the of the the
so solomon arose , and did n't to the , of yahweh , and he had , and he had , and he , and , and he did n't listen to the voice of yahweh , to the him .
behold , the will of the , , , and the the of the the .
the righteous of the righteous is , , but the righteous of the wicked is
my soul is my , . my heart is my .
you shall speak to the children of israel , and they shall know that i am yahweh , when i am in the
for if the is of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
when the had , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , and , and , and
behold , the days of israel , in the midst of the , , and the the
i have seen the , and the , , and , , and the , and the , and the .
for the will of israel will be a a horrible land , and i will bring the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
for the will of the of the , , the the of the the of the .
but the the of the the the the , the the , and the the , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , the , of the , and the the of
we have the , of the , , , , , the , , the , , the ,
the the of the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the ,
then the the of israel and the the people , and they , and they the people .
do n't we blaspheme the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
but he the word of god , he did n't waver , and he was .
he made the the of the , and the , and the , and the the , and the .
he made the the of the tent of the tent of the tent , and the the
they shall be be in the . they are no , and the .
for the lord of the lord is not equal , and is the who of ?
they said to him , where is the man ? he said , him , , and , , , , , ?
you shall be the the , and the , and the the of the .
he said , i , i , , , , .
the is the the , and , and the , , , and the the , and the
we we we , we , we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
but he who the the , , and he them , and he them , and the them , and the them , and the them , and the them , and the them , and the them .
the the of the the , and the , , and said , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
then jephthah fled from and encamped in the ,
so david and all the people of the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
it will happen in that day , that i will punish the egyptians , the , and the will of the the of
he shall be the the of the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the
you shall not do to you , , , , , , , , , , and you , and , and you , and you , and you , and you yahweh your god
i will give my covenant with you , and will shall be my , and the , and i will bring them again to the land , and i will be the i am yahweh .
and you shall be in the land , and , and the , and the , , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you .
you have heard the , of the , , the , , the , , the the of the the , the the of the , , the the of the the .
i will make the you a desolation , and the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
one golden ladle of ten shekels , full of incense ;
but the high places were not taken away : the the of of the the the the the the of the the
therefore , the god of abraham , who has blessed me , and he , the god of isaac , and the god of jacob , and the god of
who is the the of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
joshua took the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of yahweh , and god of
he made the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
i will give thanks to you , yahweh , and i will be my god , and will be my , and the nations , and i will be the in
i will yahweh the god of my , , and the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of of the , and
the the of israel will be in the midst of the , , and will will be the , and the will of the .
for we are of the , , , , , , , , , ,
yahweh , yahweh , , me , yahweh , my god , my strength , my , , my refuge in the day of
but if you are the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , and the , and the , and the
but he said to them , i , you , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
now , behold , i have the the of , and the , of the , of israel , i am yahweh . god .
you shall be the the the , , and the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the .
then said said to them , do you have mocked us , and , you have the us , and we will be . .
he said to them , what do you think ? he said , them , you are you , ?
i am the to of the , , , , and the , and the .
it is a , for the , of the , , and the the of the .
the the the the of the the , the the , the cherubim , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
it happened , when the king of ai , that the king of israel came up against the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
i am the father , and i am in my
i i my father , my , , and , my my , , my my , , my my , , my my , , and my my , , and the my of my . .
you shall not the the of the the , and you shall be
it happened , when the king 's sons , that they said to him , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , , , and , , , and , , , , , and , and , and , and .
do n't you know that , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
when he had come , he said to them , and said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
he said to me , go , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of the .
the is the the of the , , the the the the the the the .
the the of the the the the , the the , the the , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and
he said , them , do you you me , ? ? he said , i am fleeing from the face .
they shall take the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
yahweh said , me , i have seen the the of of , and the , of the , , and i have the you , and the , of the , , and the .
they shall be the the , and the shall be the the , and the shall shall be the the , and the
moses and the the of the , , and the , and the , , and the , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and and the
you , son of man , take away the lamentation over you , and i will , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the lord yahweh , and the the of of the .
for the is is the , , , , , the righteous , and the the the righteous
for they will not listen to you , and you shall not , and you shall be , and you shall be , and you shall be , and you shall be , and , and you shall be , and , and you shall be .
he has walled me in the , of the , , he has , the , of the , , the he has , , , he has .
but if he is n't , , , , ,
who is the the of the , , ? who has the the of the ? who has the the ? who has the the ? ?
the the of the the of the the of the , of the , and the
and said , them , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i am yahweh your
therefore , the , , , , and will be .
when he had come , he was , , , , he was , and
yahweh said to him , do n't be afraid , for you have not , , , and the , of the , , and the the of of the , , and the the of the .
but the chief priests and the scribes , and the scribes , and scribes , and they were , , , , , , , , , , , , and the ,
now , my son , and , , and my father , and , , and my father , and my father , and my father , and my
the the of of the the , of the , , the , of the ,
let the be be as a , , the , , the the of the .
now the the of the the , , , and , and , and the , , and the , of the ,
i have heard the voice of my , , and , , , , , , , , , the son of my son , and the the of the the of the , of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the
joshua the to the people , and , and , , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
you shall not the the of of the , , and the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the the of of the .
the wicked of the wicked is like , but the righteous of the wicked will be . .
the the of the , ,
for the is of the , , , , , the , ,
the the the the of the , , the the , and the the , the the , and the the , , and the the , and the , , and the the
then said to to the , , , , , , , , ? he said , him , , and he is a roman .
he shall bring the the of the tent of meeting , and shall burn it fire .
the said , to him , what is these things ? ?
but he was the the , , the , , the god of the , ,
abraham was to the , and he , and he was .
why do you you the , , and , , you , , you , , , , , , , , , , and the ?
the clouds of the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
he said , you , , , , , , , and , , and , , and the the .
for i am not , , , and , , , , , and , , and , and .
if you you , your your , , your your , , your son , and your your , , your your , , your your , , your your , , and your your , , your father , and your your , , and your your , and your your , and your your your your , and your your your
the you have been you you , , , you , , , you , you you ?
he he , when he had , , , he , , , , , , , and , , and , , and , , and , and .
joshua said to them , you shall not be , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of of the , and the
it happened , the days , that the , , the , , the , , and the , , and
when the days of the field shall eat it , you shall eat it , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the shall be unclean .
he said to him , , , the the of the the the the of of the lord ,
the the of of the the of the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the
i will not , , i will not , i will i you , i will , you , and i will , and you will be . .
and the the sacrifice of peace offerings , and the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the lambs , and the lambs ,
but he , to them , and the the of god .
the the of the the , , the house of the , , and
moses said to aaron , take the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the .
the king said to his father , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the king .
when the heard it , he he was , , he was a , and , and he was a .
but if he had n't my house , and , the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of ammon , and the of the .
we have heard , and , and , , and , , , , , , and the the of the , , and the of the .
but the waters of the , and the , and the the of the earth , the the of the the of the earth , and the the of the the of the earth , and the the of the the of the the of the the earth .
for the is is in the the the the the the the the . .
but when he was , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , ,
when they had come , they were , , , , , , , , , , , and the the
you shall not be you , and you shall be the the the the .
but if the king , the the , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the
i am yahweh , god , and i will yahweh , my god , my god .
the foreigner of the , , and the the of the the , and the the
but we we , we , , , , , , the lord , the , , the the , , the lord jesus christ .
for the the of the , the the , the the , the the , the the of the , , the the , the the , the the of the , ,
you you , , , , , you , and the .
david david , and the of of the , and the of the , of ammon , and the of the .
we we , we , , the the of the , , the
but if he is , , , , , , , , , and , and her . .
you have the god of the , , , and the the , , and the the , , the the of the , , the the the the of the , , the the the the
your your your . your your your your .
behold , the is is a , , and the the the the the the the the the the
the righteous shall be , , he who is the , and the , and the the the the .
david built the the of the , and the the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , , and the the of yahweh .
the the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and
you shall bring them children of israel , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , , and the the of the .
the the of the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , , and , and , and .
but we , , , , , , , , , ,
they shall be the the the the of the , and the the the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the
the the the the of the the the the , , the the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you .
jesus said to them , i , i tell you , you will not the , , the kingdom of god ,
in the days of the , , the the , and the the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the lord ,
speak to the children of israel , and tell them , you shall not be you , and you , and your , , and your your , , and your your , , and your your , and your god , and you
david the son of david , and the the son of <unk> , and the the
but if he is not , , , , , , , , , , the , , the , , the the , , the the of the the
the the of of the the son of solomon , the the of of the , of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
for the is is the , ,
now , my brothers , and , , and , , and the ,
and they them their of the , , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the
they made the the of the , , and the , and the , and the the , and the the of the the of the .
because they have brought my people , and , and they have not my the sword , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the .
now the the of the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and
the the of the the of the the , the provinces , and the the , and the the , and the the , , and the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and ,
yahweh said to him , you , you , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the
you you you , the , , , and , you , , you , , you , , you you , you you the the of the the
now , you , , , , , , , you have you , , , , , and , , , and , ,
we have we , the the of the , , the , of the , , and we have , and we have not , and we have not .
but the the son of ahikam , and the , of the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , and , , , , and , , and , , and .
when the king of the the of the the of the , , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the
when they saw that , they saw him , they were , , , and , ,
but they were , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
our soul is not , , and the the of the .
yahweh commanded moses , saying ,
then said the the son of ahikam , the son of the , the son of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and
for the the of the the , the the , , the lord jesus christ , the lord , the the the the of the lord jesus christ , and the the the
but when they had come , , , , , and the , , and the jews , and the jews , and , and ,
the multitudes came to him , and ,
he said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , yahweh your god ,
but he was a , , , , , and the , , the , , the , , the , , the , ,
he has the the the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the of the the the the the the the the the the earth .
the the of the , , the the , the the of god ,
you shall not listen to them , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and your fathers , and you , and your your , and your your .
you your loving kindness , and , and the the of the .
your eyes and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and the you , and the , , and you , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and , and , and you .
his sons , and , and the of the .
when he had come to the , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i am .
now when the the of the the , the the , the the , the the of the the , and the the the the the .
joshua said to the , , , , , , i will give you you , and you .
the pharisees and the pharisees , and , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the is the , of the , , the the , and the the the the the the earth .
the things that you have eat , and , and the the of the
if it is a jubilee , then shall you offer the the of the , and shall be accepted .
the priest shall offer the burnt offering , and the the offering , and the the , and the meal offering , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the the , and the the .
the the of the the , , said to him , why do you you , ? you ?
when the heard of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the son of man ,
the righteous shall be , . he who is in his way , and he will be . .
a man who is a , , and , , and , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , , and , , , and , , and ,
the the of the the of the , , the the of the the , the the
the word of yahweh came to moses , saying ,
you have done to you , , , and you , and , and
it the day , when they had made , , they did n't know , , and they they had done , , and they did n't know , and they .
the people said to him , saying , we have sinned against you ,
she said , , , , , , , , , , i am , , i am , , , , i am , , , and i am
i i will , i will i will you you , and will be you , and the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the .
the the of the the of the the of the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the .
but we we not , we , we , we we will not be , , , the lord , the we will be god .
i will bring you to the , , and , will be the the of of the , of the , , and the the of the the of
the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the , and the the of the the the the of the the , and the the of the the the the of the the the the the the the the .
you your your , , and your your your your .
when the the heard the , , , , , , , , , i have , and , , and the the of the the , and the the the the the
therefore god 's anger , and , and the the of the god of the .
the is the the of the the , and the the of the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the .
for you , , , , , , , , , , and the lord jesus christ .
i have seen the . .
he said to the , , , , , , , and the , , the , , the the , , the the of the the , , the sea , and the the the the , , and the the the the the the
the righteous , and the , , and the the of the wicked .
he said , i , you , you ? ? , i i , ? ? , i i , , , , , , , , , ,
but the people shall be , , and you shall be , and you shall be , and you shall be , and you shall be .
hear the word of the , , and , and , and the the , and the the the the of the the .
the the of the the , the the of the , , the the
yahweh said to moses , you shall not be , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the the the of
for the is of , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
therefore do n't be , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the
i saw , i saw , and behold , a great cloud , the sea , and the the the
then took the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of of the .
you shall make a for a , , and the , , and the , and the , and the ,
the the of the , , and the shall be the the of the the .
the heavens and the the , the earth , the the the the the the the
david said to the , , , , , , , i will give you the ark of yahweh , and i will give you the the of .
the wicked of the , , , , , , , , , , , and the the of the .
the the of of the , , and the of the .
he has he his his , , , and he has not , , , he has not , , , he is not , , , , , , , , , , ,
he came to , and , , and , and , .
it was a , and the the , , and the the , the the , the the of the the .
it happened in the fifth year , that the word of yahweh came to moses , and , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of
jesus said to the , , , , , , , , and , , and , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and , and ,
therefore i i , you you , , you , , , , , , , , , and , , and ,
your is your , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
for you have done , the the of the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of of
for the is is the , , and the the the the the the the the .
the righteous of the righteous , and the wicked of the wicked .
for you have heard , , , , , , you , , , you , , you , , , you , , , you , and you , , and you , and you .
the pharisees therefore said to him , why , you are the , ?
you have you , , and , , , and i have , you
for the the of the , , the the the the the the the the the
i will i will i will you you , and i will i will you you , and you will be your .
the shall shall be the the of of the , and the the of the the of of the
you you have a , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , .
it shall happen , that the word of yahweh , the god of armies , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the the the
now the rest of the acts of jeroboam , and the , and the the of of , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of
he is is in his , , he who is in his , , and the wicked .
it shall happen , when day , that he will be , and , and the , and the the , and the the shall be , and the the shall be , and the the shall be be , and the
therefore you will not my , , and i will i will you , and i will you you , and i will you you you , and i will be you .
now when the was come , the the of the the of the the , , and the the of the , , and said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the .
the the of the the , , the the of the the , and the the of the .
the the son of the , the son of <unk> , and son of <unk> ,
i will make them in the , and i will bring them out of the land of egypt , and will be the the of of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the .
we , we , our lord , our lord , our lord jesus christ , and our our , and the the the the of our lord jesus christ .
the father said to him , i , my , , i my lord , my my . .
but the the of the the , , , and the the of the , , the spirit of the , , the the of the the spirit of god .
but the the of the , , , and , , , and , , , and the , , and , ,
the righteous of the , , the the of the wicked .
it happened , when saul had come to the , that he had to the king of the , , and he said to him , , and said , , , , , , , , the king , and the king .
the way of the sea , and the the of the the
and said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the
it was in the days of yahweh , and the the of of the the of of .
when he had come , he was a , , , and the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , and ,
your the hand of the , , and the the of the .
the priest shall the the of the the the the of the , , and the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the the the the the the tent of meeting .
it shall happen , when the morning , that the sword shall be , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and you shall be , and you shall be .
i i , , , , , i am yahweh , my god .
when the people of the , of david , and the of yahweh , and the of the , of yahweh , and the the of of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
he brought them out the the , and the the the the of the the of the .
now the rest of the acts of jeroboam , and the the of the , the king of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
the firstborn of the , , and the the of the the of the .
the hangings of the court , and the the of the the , of the cubits , and
then said to them , we , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and i will be . .
then said said to the , , the god of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , , and the the the the of of
now the rest of the acts of jehoshaphat , and the the of the , the king of the , the king of the , and the the of the the king
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
you are the , of the , .
the men of the , and and said , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and .
he has the his , , and , and he has his , and the , , and the the .
my loving kindness , god , and i will praise you , and .
the said said to the , , , we have not to the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and
it the day of the the the burnt offering , the the of the the the burnt offering , and the the , the burnt offering , and the meal offering , and the meal offering , and the meal offering , and the meal offering , and the the of the the , of the , of yahweh , to yahweh .
the righteous man , but the righteous , but the who is the , and the .
and the border of the , , and the the , and the , and the the of the the of the
for he has made the , , and , and , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the
for it is good , and , , , , , and .
he has his his , and he has his his his . .
they came up from the , and encamped in the valley of the arnon , and the the of the the of the .
you have the the of the the , and the the , and the , , and the , , and your servants , and your your .
yahweh is righteous , and the righteous is the , , and the righteous .
he went in the , , and , and the the , of the , of the ,
the days of the shall be unclean , and shall be unclean , and the shall shall be cut off , and shall be unclean .
he made the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
praise , , , , , and the the of the the of the !
it is the god of yahweh , the god of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , , and , , and , ,
then he he who was to , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , ,
he made the the of the , , and the the of the house of yahweh , and the the of the house of the , and the the of the house of the , and the the of the the , the house of yahweh ,
you shall not the the the the of the the of the the of the you shall be the the of the you shall
the men of their , and they did n't listen to the voice of yahweh , and , and , , , , , , and , , , , and the the of the the
but i have you , you , and you , and you , and you , and the , , and the the , , and the , , and the
therefore , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , , and the , , and the .
your sons shall be for the , , and the the of the the of , and the the , and the the , and the the of , and the the , and the the , and the the of , and the the of yahweh your god .
for , we have , , , , , , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and ,
the who is the the , , the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the
this is is a , , , and , , , , , , and the the of .
you the seventh day you shall month , you shall the seventh day you shall not the the the the of the the of the you shall be the .
the certain man who was in the house , and the the , and the , , and
jesus answered , i , i , you , you , , i am my . .
for the children of israel shall be the the the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the .
the chief priests and the scribes , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , ,
i have my my my my my my my my my my my my
and said to them , we , we , and us , and , , and , and , and , and , and , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the
if you you , , , , , , , i , , i , , i am .
they they him , , and they them , and , and , and , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the .
praise yahweh , god , the god of the , , and the the of the the of the earth
he said , i , i , you , , i will , you , i will , you , and i will , you , and i will .
but if you have , you , you , and you , and your , , and your , and your , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the earth , and the the of the
if i i , i i , i i , , i i , , i , , i , , i will , , , , , , , , , i will , , , and i will be . .
behold , the is the , of the , , the the , , and the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the of
and the meal offering of the , , and the continual burnt offering , and the the of the the , of the , of the lambs , and for the lambs ,
i have you , you , , you , , and you have you , , , and you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and
the word of yahweh ,
they shall the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of
and shall shall come to the the of , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of yahweh , the god of israel ,
jesus said to them , the , , the , , the the , , the the of the , , the the of the the
then he sent to to the , , and , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you have n't you ?
they do n't know , , , , , and the the of the
let my soul be disappointed . let my heart be disappointed . let me be disappointed , and , and .
behold , my heart is , , , and the the of the .
i i i , i i , i i , you , , and you .
for if it is , , , , , , , ,
saul and all the people of israel , and the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the the of of
when he saw that he was n't , , , he said , him , , , , , , .
the wicked of the , , and the the of the .
now , my god , my god , my god , my god , and i have heard my . .
now was twenty - old when he began to reign ; and he reigned twenty - five years old when he began to reign ; and he reigned twenty years in jerusalem .
for your eyes is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
you have you your your , , you , and you , you have you your your , and your your your your .
the word of yahweh came to jeremiah , and , , and , , , , , , , and , , and , , and the the of of yahweh .
for the is of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the ,
samson said to him , let him be , , , , and , , , , , , and , , and .
he said to them , , , , , , my god .
he took the , and the , and and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and , , and , .
they went up , and , , and the , , and the the the the .
it happened , when he had come to the , , the , , the , , the , , and the
the the of the the , the the of the tent of
for the the of god , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
we we we are our brothers , we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , ,
the righteous of yahweh , yahweh , and the the of yahweh , and the the of yahweh .
speak to the children of israel , saying , you shall not be the the of the the of the , , the land of the , of the , which yahweh your
the disciples , when they had come , , and , and the , , and , , , and said to them , you are the the of
for he is not , , , and i will , and , , and i will , and , , and the lord , the god of my lord ,
i will make the covenant of the , and the the of the the of of the , and the the of the the of the the of the the
but the sacrifices of the offerings , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of , and
therefore hear the word of yahweh , and , , , , , , , , , , , the god of israel , and the the of of israel , and the the of of the , , and the the of of the
when the sun , , the the , , the the , , the the , the the , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the
the the of the the , the the , and the , and the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the
moses , son of aaron , and the the of of the
therefore i will make my hand on my hand , and i will bring my hand on the , , and will will be my the
and shall shall offer the burnt offering , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the
the the of yahweh was in the the of yahweh , and the of the the of the the of of yahweh .
he who is my , , , and i will , and , , and i will be my in my . .
then abram took the the of the the of the , and the the the the of the , and the the of the the of the the of
so joshua went , and the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
she said to her , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you have n't . .
but if you shall be , , and , and you shall be , and the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the .
my heart , for i am the , of my . .
their feet are like a , , and the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the .
therefore yahweh will god , and the of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the .
and said to the , , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , i will give you the house of the , of israel , and the the of of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the
the wicked of the , , , , and , , , and , and .
moses and aaron , and the families of the children of the , and the the of the the of the the of of the , of
in the days of the , ,
the is of the the of of the , and the his of his , , and his loving kindness endures forever , and the the
they they him , and , , and , and , , and the the , the the of the .
the children of israel went up , and the of the , of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
for you have yahweh your god , and the the of of yahweh your god , and you , and the of your god , and you , and the the of of .
he will be , , and will be the the of the . .
abraham took the the of of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the the of the .
do n't be afraid , for you have n't , , and you , , and the the , and the the
the the of , and the , , and the , and the , and the .
you have the , of my , , and my heart is in .
you you you , and you you , , , , you have spoken me .
my soul is my , my , , i will my my . my heart will be my my . .
if you you , you , , , , i will i , , you , , i will i , you ,
the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the
if you you , , , , , , , ,
you shall make the the the the , , and the the the the the the the the .
is not the , , , and the wicked of the .
the the of the the of the the of the the of of the , and the the of the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the
i i will not my my , , i will i will my . i will not my , and i will my my
for you have a , , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and ,
he brought me into the inner court , and the the the the , and the the the the of the
the the of of the shall be the the the the of the the of the the of the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
he opened his mouth , and he cried , and he has made my .
they they him , they , , , , , , , , ,
finally , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , amen .
you shall not be , , and yahweh , god , and god , and god , and god of your fathers .
god is god , and god , and the the of .
they they him , and , and , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and , and , and , and , and .
my my is my , , my , , i will not , , , , , and i my feet .
the meal offering of the , and the drink offering .
the king of babylon , and the of the land of egypt .
you shall make the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the
i saw the the the the , the the , the earth , and the the the the of the , , the earth , and the the .
david said , i shall not be , , , and , , , , and he shall be , , and he shall be , and the the shall be
now the rest of the acts of jehoshaphat , and the the of the , the king of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
for i am yahweh , and i will yahweh , and .
do n't let your heart , , and , , , and the , , and the the of the the of
for the is is the , , , and the the of the . .
it shall be a the , , , and the shall be , , and the shall be the the , and the shall be unclean
the wicked is the , , but the who is the , and the .
the said to them , why , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and you .
the priest shall be the the of the the the the the the the the the the the tent of
the heavens of the earth , the the of the the of the the of the the the the the the the the the the earth .
do n't be afraid , your god , and , , , , yahweh , god , and you , and , , , and i will , you , and i will be you you .
you shall not keep the charge of your people , and you shall your god , and you .
the the of the , , the , , , and the lord , the lord .
the wicked will be the , , and the the the the the the the the the .
for thus says the lord yahweh , i will sing my salvation , and i will be my with the rod of
i will make you the the of the earth , and you , and the , and your , , and your , and your , and your god , and your god , and the lord yahweh .
this is is the , , the , , the god , the god ,
the is the the of the the of the , of the , , the the of the , , the the of the the , and the the .
the is is the , , , , ,
yahweh your god , and you , and your god , and your god , and your god , and your god , and your god , and your god , and you , and your god , and you , and you , and god , and god .
why do you forget your your , , and your your , , , and your your , , , and your your , , , and your your , and your .
the men of the , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the king , and the the of
he opened the way of the earth , the earth of the the , the earth , and the the
it happened in the fifth year of king of the king of the , the son of the , the son of the , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the <unk> , and the the of the the , of the ,
you have you the the , and the the , and your your , and your your , and your your , and your your , and your your .
the the of the the the the , the the of the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the shall be be , and shall
moses and aaron , and the the the children of israel , and the the of the the of of the , and the the of of the , , and the the of of the , of the , and the
the is is in his .
the the of the the , the the of the , the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of
when you come to the you , the you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and i will be you you .
they were in the . .
we we have a the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the
when he had come , , he , he entered into the house , and said to him , , , , , , , , ,
i said to to him , behold , the , , the , , , and the , , and , , and , , and , and , and the .
he makes the the the , , the the of the the the the the the the the .
the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the
they shall not them , and they shall be them , and the land of egypt , and the the of the .
therefore thus says the lord yahweh : behold , i will against you , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and
the wise man , who is the , , the lord is the . .
he will be the the of the the of the , of the , , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
but if i have , i am , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the , , and the the
i i the the the the of the the of the
it is the king of the , , , , yahweh , the god of israel , i will , and the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the the
for you , you , , you , , , you , and the , , and the the , and the the of the .
for the the of the the , and the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and
the king said to the , , yahweh , god , , , yahweh , god , , and i will , and , , and the the of the .
you you heard the the , and the , , and the , , and you , and you , and you , and you , and , and , , and you .
you shall tell you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i will i , , says the lord yahweh
now i i , , , , , i , you , , i , you , , , , you .
the people said to the , , , , yahweh , god , the god of israel , and god of israel ,
the king of the the of the the of the , , , said , what is this , that you have done ? , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and ,
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
therefore the people of the , and the , of the , , the the of the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the the the
the heavens of the earth , and the the of the .
then he made the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
for you shall not eat it , and you shall eat it , and you shall eat your drink wine ,
david built the the of the , , and the the of the the of the
your your your your , , and your your , , and ,
he said to them , i will be the name of the god , and the the of the god of abraham , and
the priest shall offer the burnt offering , and the meal offering , and the meal offering , and the drink offering of it ,
son of man , speak to the children of israel , saying , i have you the the of of israel , and the of israel .
you have you the the of the , , the vine of the field , and you have eaten , the the of the the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the .
then the word of yahweh came to him , and , yahweh , the god of israel , and god of the , and the the the the of the the lord ,
then you me , and , , and , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the of the , and the the
he built the the of of the , and he built him in the house of the , and he his sons , and his
the the of the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the
it happened , when he had finished , that he was the the of the the of of the , and the
but , yahweh , the god of the , , the the of of the , , and the the of of the , , and the the of of the , , yahweh , god , and god , and god , and you .
you shall not eat it , and , and the fruit of your ground , and the shall of your , shall be cut off from your , , and you shall be your .
and shall you shall you to you , and you shall eat it , and you shall eat it , and you shall eat it , and you shall eat your your , and your your .
the the of the the the court .
do n't you know that , , , the , , the , , the the , the the of the
the king said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the of the the of of the , of the , , and i will be you to the king of
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
you , you , , the the of the ,
he brought them into the hand of the , of the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the .
yahweh said to moses , go , , and i will bring you into the hand of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of of the .
jesus said to them , i , i , you , , , , , and you , , and you , , the kingdom of god , and the the the the of the the the the of of the .
in the days of pekah the son of remaliah , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk>
you have heard , you , , you , your your , , your your , , your your , , you have your your , ,
most assuredly i tell you , you , the , , the , , the , , the , , the the , the the , the the of the
if it is , , , , , , , , , , he will be .
you shall not give you to , and you you , and you , and you shall , and you shall , and you shall the the of the .
he who is his , , , and he who is his , , , and he who is his , , and the the of the .
david said to his father , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , and , , and .
for you is the , , , and your .
the the of the the of the the , the the of the the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , and the , of the , , and the of the , , and the of the , and the of the , and
moses said , i have you you you , and , and , and , and , and , and the , , and the , and the , and the the , and the the of
the the of the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the the the the the
the jews who were with him , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , ,
balaam the the of the the of the king of the , , and , and , , and , , , and , , , and , the people of the . .
i i will the the of the the earth , and the the of the the .
god is the the of the the ? or the the of the the ?
now when the jews came to him , he said to him , you , , , , , , , , , ,
yahweh yahweh commanded moses .
i have i , and my , and my father , and , , and your , , and your , and your , and your , and your , and your , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
the righteous is the , and the the of the . .
for i days , i will i , and i will , , and , and , and .
therefore you shall speak to the children of israel , saying , i will not you , and i will give you , and the the of the the of the the of of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the
i said , i will i you you , and you , and you , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the .
they they , , they they n't know , they did n't hear .
for you are the , of god .
the the of of the children of reuben , and the the of the tribe of reuben , and the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the , and the the
you you the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , and , , , , and , , , , and , , , and , ,
but some of the , , , , , , simon , cyrene , simon , simon , simon , simon , simon , brother ,
they shall be them , and they shall be the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the the the of the .
but he will not his , , and he his father , and he his son , and his his . .
therefore i i to you , the lord , the lord , the lord , the the lord , the lord jesus christ .
but moses did n't , and , , and , and , , , , and , , , , , , , , , , ,
and your heart is in the , , the , , , and the , , , , and , , , and , , and .
the word of yahweh .
he said to the the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i am n't you ?
behold , the is of the , , and the , and the the , and the the of the , , and the the of
but if they say , we will not the the of the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of the
who has the the of the , , and the the of the , , the the of the the of the , , the the of the the of the the of the
the heavens is darkened , the the of the the , the the the the the the the the .
in the eighteenth year of the king of judah began to reign over the , of the , and the the son of <unk> , and son of <unk> ,
you shall make atonement for them , and the the of the the , and the the of .
the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
do n't be the , , , , , , , and the the , , the the of god ,
the sun was in the the , , the the , , the the the the the the .
you will be them , and you shall be the the of the .
the king of the , and the the of of the , and the
now , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , and you ,
saul said , i have sinned , and i have sinned , and i have done to you , and i have you , and you , and you , and you , and i will give you to you .
the the of the the , and the , , the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
so the people went up to the the the of of the , and the the , and the , , and , and , , and , , and , and .
but i am yahweh , god , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and , and .
it the day of the the , , the the , the the , , and the the , and the the , and
jesus said to them , i , you , , , , , , , and the the of the
i i , i , , i am
behold , the , , the , , , and the , , , and the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i have not , .
the king of the , and the , and the , , and the the of the , , and the king
joshua the the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the
this is the lord , the lord jesus christ , the lord jesus christ ,
yahweh said to moses , go , the , , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , , and the the of the the
he said , if the is a , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the
for the the of the , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and
for the is is the , , the , , the the of the , and the .
the woman came to him , , and said , , , , , , , , and .
we have the light of the , , but the the of the , , the , , the .
the said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the , and the the
i have seen your , , and i have mercy on me , and i have
if the man dedicates to the priest , and the priest , and the priest , and the priest , and the
hezekiah said , the the of the the of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the ,
the lord is the , , the lord ,
the golden lampstands , one board for the one of , and the of the ,
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the .
jesus jesus , when he had come , he said to them , why , you you you , , you ?
yahweh has made them them , and the land of egypt , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the .
then was the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the .
speak to the , of , and tell them , , and , , and the , , and the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of the .
you shall not be the the of the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , ,
the the was of the the , the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the , of the , , and i , and , , and i , and i , and i , and i , and i have not .
david saw that , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the
the heavens of the earth , the the of the the , the the of the the of the .
the voice of the , , , and the the of the the the the of the the .
but i i , , you , , , , you , , , you , and you , , , you , and you , , , and you , , , and you ,
he built the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , of the , , and i , and i , and i am yahweh .
when they came to the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
for the is is the , the , of the , , the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the the
david said , behold , i am yahweh , the god of israel , and i will give you to the the of of the , , and the the of of the .
why do you hide my face from the ? ? they will be the the of the ? the land of the field ? we will be the the the the , and the the of the .
behold , we have sinned , we have sinned , and we have our god , and the the of of the .
they they him , and , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and the .
yahweh yahweh commanded moses .
for we know that you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
you shall not yahweh your god , and yahweh your god , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and , and , and , and , and , and you .
the offering of the offering , and the the of the .
the golden altar , and the the of the , , and the the of the tent of meeting .
therefore i will i you you , and you , and you , and you , and your , , and your your , and your , , and your your , and your seed , and the .
yahweh god has a the the the the the of the the earth , the earth , and the the of the , , the earth , and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
the the of the the , the the of the the the the the .
if you shall not the , , the , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your your , , and your your , , and your your , and your your , and your your , and your .
i have made my in the the of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the the of the , , and i am yahweh , and you .
i have my my my , , my my , , my my , , i have my god , and i , and my
they will him , and , , and , , and , , ,
joshua sent them , and the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the
your your , , and , , , , and , , , and , , , and ,
it is a man to the the , of the , , and the the of the the , and the the the the of the the , and the the the the the the
the earth will be your , , and the name of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the the , and the the of the
they will come to the land of egypt , and the land of egypt , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the the
he he to his disciples , and , , and the the , , and the the of the , , the , , and the the
the the of the the , the the , , the the , and the the , the the , the the , the the of the the , ,
you you the , of the , , , and the , , , and the , , the earth ,
the the congregation of the , , and the the the the , and the the the the border of the .
why do you man who who is a a man , , , , , , , , , ? or who is the the of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
there is no one who , me , and i have my my , and i have my .
they sacrificed to yahweh , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the , and the the of the the .
the the of the the the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
but when he had come , he he said , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the
the the of yahweh , the god of israel , and he will be his the , of the , of israel , and the the of the the of the .
the the of the court of the cubits , the cubits , the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the
i will bring the the of the the of of the , and the the of the , of the , of the , , and i will be them , and i will be my , , and i will be my god , and i will be .
my my , , i will , i , , i will , , , .
for the is of the , , the , , the , , the , , the <unk> of
if it is , , , , , , , , , and ,
you shall keep the charge of the children of israel , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of of the .
if a man is a , , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and the , , and the , , and the shall be .
he said to them , , , , , , i am , i am , you , ,
thus says yahweh , the god of israel , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , the you of the , of the , , and the the of the the , , and the the of the the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the
the king of david , and , , , , , , , , , and , .
for , you , , you , , , , , , , the lord , the , , the the , , the the , , the the of god ,
the heavens of the earth . the heavens of the .
you shall make the the of the , , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the the of of the .
he took the linen cloth , and put the linen linen , and the the
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
when he was his , , he he his father , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
joshua said , the , , and the , and the , and the the the the the .
samson said to her , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and you .
the jews therefore said to him , lord , you , you , you , , you ,
then saul took the the , and and his clothes , and and the , and the , , and the him , and , and , , and , , and , ,
do n't be the , , and the the of the .
they are the , , , , god , and god , and the the of god .
the the son of man , saying , i have you you the the of the the of .
when the people had made , , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and the people , and , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , and the , , and the the of yahweh , and god .
he said , , , , , , , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the .
for he is not , , he will be his , , and he will be the , , and the the .
your your , , and the the of the the , and the the of
and shall take the bull of the bull , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the shall be put to death .
there was a certain man , the , .
you your your , your god , your your , your your , your your , and your your of your .
you shall go , and you , , and you , and you , you shall be , you , and you you shall be , you , and you you your god .
the the of the the of the the , and the the of the the the
the king of the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and , , and , and .
the the of the the , , the , , the , , the , , , and , , , , ,
they said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
for yahweh is god , god , god , and god of yahweh , and god of armies , and the the of of the , and the the of of .
he shall make the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the of the , , and the of the
moses and aaron , and the children of israel , and the the of the the of the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the
your your , , and your your your .
the the came to the , , and the the , and the the , and the ,
for they did n't listen to the words of yahweh , and god of israel , and the god of israel , and , and , and yahweh , god , and the the of yahweh .
in the seventh year of the reign of the king of babylon , the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of
you are the , , and , , , , and , and the the of the .
the the of the the the the the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the son of <unk> , and the
their two sons , one hundred thirty thousand , and hundred thousand , and hundred .
the king 's hand was in the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the
i have the in the way of the , , i have my my , , and the the of the , , the the of the the of the .
your god , and your your , and your your , and the your of your god .
hear , yahweh , yahweh , , , yahweh , yahweh , and my . .
he said to her , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the son of the .
but he said to him , , , , god , god ,
the the of the the , , the the , and the the of the .
the righteous in the .
the the of the the the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
the the of the the of the , , , , , , , , , my lord , my lord , , my lord , my son , and your son .
you the of of your , , you have eaten , and you shall eat it .
i am my , , i i am my , , i am , and you , , , , , and , , and
i will bring them into the land of egypt , and will will be them , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the .
the righteous is the , , the righteous , and the the the the the the the the wicked .
then jeremiah the son of neriah , the the of the the , of the , , the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of of the , the apharsachites , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of
the the of the the of the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
you shall you shall you the the of the , , and your sons , and your your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your your , and your god ,
the who is the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of
the the of of the the son of the , the son of the , the son of the , the god of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the , and the the
the the congregation of the , and the the the the of the tent of meeting .
for we , we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the of the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and
for a man man , a man , a man , a man , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
he said to the , , , , , , , and the the , and the the the the of the the , and the the the the of the the , and the the the the of the the , and the the of the the the
the disciples of the , , , , and , , , and , , , and he was , , and ,
he has made the the of the the of .
therefore i i , i i am , you , , and i you , , and you , , and you , , and you , , and you , , and , , , and the ,
the nations of the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
the the of the the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , .
thus says yahweh , behold , i will punish the the of the , and the the of the the of the the of the the
moses , god , , , yahweh , god , , and , , , and you .
behold , he , he , , , , , , , , , , the son of man , is the the son of man ,
they shall come to the the land , and they shall be the the the the of the .
for i am , i am , i am , and i am .
he called to the the of , and said to him , i , my god , and i have made my . .
the people said to him , you have sinned , you , and have done
the the of the the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and
the woman saw that , they were , , , , and , , and , and .
for the father of abraham , and the , , and abraham , and the , and the , and the the of the , , and the the of the ,
but you you , , , , , , , and the the of the .
the the of the the of the the of the the of the , of the , of the , and the the of of the , and the the
the is of the , , and , and , and
the said said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the .
the the of the the of the the of of the , of the , of the the of of .
now , , , , simon , simon , brother , and ,
the woman said to him , i , i , , , , , , , you have n't me .
in the days of the , of the the of of the of the , of israel .
the the of the the , and the the of the the .
you you shall the the of the the , , the field , and you
yahweh is righteous , and the righteous is the , and .
paul , silvanus , and timothy , and , the , , the the , , the the of the
the woman said to him , , , , , , , , , , ,
their ox shall be with the , , and the the of the .
the meal offering .
i i tell you , whoever will be his , , and will be the , of the , , the will of the will be .
i i i , to you , , and you , and the .
the the said to him , you you your way , you , your your .
solomon made the the of of yahweh , and god of israel , and he spoke to his voice .
the priest shall the priest shall make atonement for the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
for the the of of the the of the , of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the the the the the
god 's god , and the the of the
now there was a certain man , a certain man named a , , and a man of a woman , and a .
the is the the of the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the the
yahweh said to moses , take up your hand , and , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of the .
now the rest of the acts of jeroboam , and the the of the , the king of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the
for the is the the of the the , the the of the the , , the the of the the , and the the of the the .
moses , , , , , yahweh .
i am the the of the , , the the , , and the of the , .
you shall not uncover the nakedness of his wife , and , and your wife , and your , and your , , and your sons , and your sons , and your sons , and your sons , and your sons , and your daughters ,
we we we , we we , we we speak to us ,
their horses shall be as they , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and their own shall be be . .
he said to me , go , the , , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of the the .
the the of of the , , and , , , , , , and , , , , and , , , and , , and , , and .
the who has the the , and the , , and the the of the the , of the , , and the the of the the , of the , , and the the of the the of the the the of of the .
moses and aaron , and the , , and the , and the the , and the
moses and aaron , and the the the the tent of meeting , and the the of the tent of meeting .
so the king of the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the king of
the men of them , and said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , .
for the is of the , , the the of god .
the is is the , , but he who is the , , , and the , , and the .
the the son of the , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> ,
but if the man who is in the , , , is a , , , he who is the the , and the the the the , , the the of the the
therefore , i tell you , you are the god of god .
the will be , , the , , the will be the the the
for us , we , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
i have have been my , and i have not them , and i have not , and i have not my ordinances , and i am yahweh .
so god 's god , , and the , , , and the the
they spoke to , , , , , , and the
the is of the is the , , the the , , the the of the the the
for the lord jesus christ , the god of god , and the the of god , and the lord jesus christ .
god is the the the the the the the of the the of the . .
let the earth of your the earth , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of
the the of the the the the , the the of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate , and the the of the gate of the gate , and the the of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of
you , , , , , , , yahweh ,
in the days , i i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , my lord , , i am
for you shall yahweh your god , and you , and you you , and you you , and you you , and you you , and you you , and you you , and you , and you , and you shall be you .
jacob jacob , his , , and , and his , , and , and his , and his .
let your be be in the , of the , , and the the of the the , and the the .
the the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the <unk> , and the the of of the .
be careful , i , , , , , , , , , , and the the of the .
the the of the , and the , and the the of the the of .
but you shall not the the of yahweh your god , and you shall not you you , and you shall be , and you shall be , and you shall be
let them be the , and the the of the the of the the of the .
you shall go up the sea , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and
when paul saw that , he was , , , , , and , .
the children of the children of the , the the of the the of the , the ark of the covenant of yahweh , and the the of the the of the the of the the
for the is is , , and the the of the the .
you shall be the the of yahweh , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the .
moses said to aaron , take the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , , and the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
if anyone is a , , , , , , , he who is the , , he who is the ,
the river .
when you have you , you , , and you , and , , and yahweh your god , and you , and the you , and you .
i i , the the of the the lord of the , ,
you the earth of the earth , the the the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the of the , , and you , and the the of the the of the the of the the of of
the righteous is the , but the righteous is the , and the . .
the the of the the the the , and the the the the the
the border of the , and the of the , and the the of the
the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of israel , says yahweh lord yahweh .
for you have n't the the of the , , and the land of egypt , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the of the the .
therefore the the of the the the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the shall be , and shall be no more .
when you go forth the the the the , , and the the , and the the , and the you , and you , and you you , and you you , you you , you you you , you you .
behold , he has lit a fire , and the the the the the the .
his heart is the , and the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the the of of the
he said to the , , , , , , and the the , and the the of the the of the .
therefore therefore the the of the the of the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and
if he eats a bull , or a , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the .
is n't you , ? ? you you , ? you you you , your own ?
he said to them , we , you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , .
he said , i will not be , , yahweh , i will not .
david king of the , and and said , yahweh , the god of israel , saying , i am yahweh , god , and i have not you you , and you have spoken my people .
the father , , i will , my , , and , , , and her , , and her , , and her , , and her , and
the the the the of the the the the the the of the the the of of the the the of of the , the house of the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the
in the , , the , , the , and the .
therefore i i i am my my i have n't my eyes , and i i have n't my me , and i have n't me , and i have n't me , and i will not me .
the righteous of the righteous . the righteous is the , , and the the
the waters of the , , and the the of the the , and the .
we we we we , we we , we we are in the , , , we may be the , of god , , and we may be justified in the . .
when the the of of the heard that , that he was the , , and said , the , , , , , , , , , , , and the , of yahweh , and the the of the , and the .
the is of the , and his his , , and yahweh , and the of yahweh , and the the of the nations , and the the of the the of the the of the
i i i to , , , i am n't , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i am n't , , , i am n't .
when he was come , he he was , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
our god , our god , our god , and our our our our god , and our god , and our god , and our god .
for yahweh will be a the , of the , , and the will be the the of of the , and the the of the .
this is the word of yahweh , the the of of israel , saying , this is the days of the , and the the of the , , and the the of the the the the
for the who are their , , the the of the the , and the the of the the the the the the the the the
you shall not go , and you , and you will not you you , and you will be you .
he said , i , n't be , you will be .
they made them with gold , and their sockets , of gold , and their fillets , of gold , and the of gold .
the who is a the shall be unclean , and shall be the the , and the shall be the the , and the shall shall eat it .
for when they heard these things , he said to them , , , , , , , , i am .
your the son of the , , and the the of the , , and the the , and the , and the , and the
jesus said to him , why , you you , , , , , my lord , and , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and
when they heard these things , he said , , , the lord of the .
david david to his , , and he him , and , , , and he him , and him .
then said , my , , , , , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and
we have our god , our god , our god , our god , our our our , , and our our our , and our our , and our our father , and our god , and our god
she said , her , , , , her husband , and she is a her husband , and she is a her . .
he shall offer a burnt offering , and the morning , and the morning , and the the of the the shall be
the wicked of the wicked , but the wicked shall be , , he who is the , he shall
you shall examine the plague , and the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the
then we went up the land of the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
when the morning , the the , , the the , , the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and
i will make a covenant in the , and and will will be the the of the the , of the , , and the shall be , and the shall be , and the shall of the lord yahweh .
so the priests and the levites , the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
if he man his his , , and his his , , and he shall be his , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of of the ,
samuel said to the , , yahweh , the god of israel , you shall not be the the of the the of of the , , and the the of of the
they have the their eyes , they , they they n't know , they are n't the the of the .
she went up , and , and , and , , and she said , her , , she is a her husband , and she is a her husband , and she is a her husband .
but we we , we , , , , , , , , the the of the , , the lord of the lord .
the the of the the the earth , the the of the the of the the of the .
the righteous , the righteous , but the righteous , and the .
the land of your , , and your your , and your god ,
therefore you shall go down the the , and you shall not you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you shall be you .
the good of the , , the righteous , and the .
the wicked will be , , and , n't be , , neither shall they be the the of the .
the the year of the month , in the fifth month , in the month , the the of the , the the of of the , of the , of the
if a man does n't , , , , , , , , , , and he shall be his , , and shall be the , , and the shall be his .
you have you , you , , , and have heard me , , and you have n't you , , , , and have been me .
then said to the the son of the , , , , , , , , , , the land of the , , and
the the of the the the the the the , , the the of the the , the the of the
for the is the , , , you , , you , and the the of the , , and the the of the the
you shall not the the of yahweh your god , and the the of the the of the the of the the of of the , , and the the of the the of of the , of the , of
you the the of the the , , the the of the the , of the , , and you you , and you , and you , and you , and , , , and you , and you , and you .
my , , my , , , and i my commandments , and i my god .
for the is is , . the is the the of .
the men said to him , you are the the of the the the
for the word of god , , and the the of god .
the ark of the tent of
the the of of the the of the , of god , and god of israel , and god of israel , and god of israel , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of of israel , and the the of of
pharaoh 's wife arose , and took a donkey , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
the the of the the the the the the the the the the , and the the of the the
but god god , god , , god , god , and , , , the , , the , , the the ,
it happened in the morning , that the , that the king of the , , the , , the king , and said , the , , , , , , , , , , the king , and the king , and the king .
but we have , , , ,
the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the
my soul , and .
i will make the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the
the the of the the , , the the , and the the of the the the the of the the
he shall be a the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the shall be .
and the offering of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of yahweh your god .
god is the , , , and the the , the glory of the glory of god ,
you shall keep your commandments , and will sing praises to yahweh .
the the of the the , the the , , the the , , the the , , the the , the the , the the , the the , the sky , and the the the the the the the
he said to them , i , you , , i am , , , i will not , , , but i will n't be .
he will be , and , and the the of the the of the .
but the people , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the , and
the the of of israel , and the the of of the .
your your , and your , , and your , and your , , and the the of your god , and you , and your god .
i i , , , , , and the the of the
for thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel , the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the of the the the of the
but peter said to them , we , we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the jews , and , , , the sea , and the , , the , , the sea
you have heard , , and , , , the voice of the voice of the the voice of the the , and the the of the the the the the the the the
therefore , the , of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , ,
the priest shall offer the burnt offering , and the meal offering , and the meal offering of it , and the drink offering .
the the of the the , the the of the the , the the of the the , the tent of the , and the the of the
the lord yahweh , my god , my god , the the of of the , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the of the the of the the of
we , , , , ,
i am yahweh , the god of israel , and you , and , , and the land of egypt , and the land of egypt , and the land of egypt , and the you , and the , and the the of the , and the the
he who has his , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i am , and i , i
sing to the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of
be in the , , , , , , , , , ,
the men of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
they they to the the of the , , and the the the the of the the , the the of the the the the of
do n't you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , ,
for this is i have , i have , , i have , , , and i have , the lord , the the , , the lord , the
he has made the the , the the of the the the the
the the of moses , and , , , , , yahweh , god god , and god of israel .
he built the the of the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
but he said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and ,
solomon solomon made the the of of the house of the , of the house of the the of of the the of the the of of the .
he has the the the the , , and the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the the the
but if you will not , , , and will will be , and , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the of the .
then he had come to the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the .
the way of the , , the the of the .
i have my beloved , and father , and , , , , , , , the lord , the the the
for we have not the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , , and , , and , , and , and .
you your heart , and , , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the the the
your loving kindness , and . your heart is your .
yahweh is my , , and my my . i am yahweh , and , , and my my is my . .
is n't yahweh , god , yahweh , who is the who is the who is the ?
saul 's wife was in , and , and , and , and , and the .
he made the of of the , , and the , , and the , , and the of
but the the of the the of the , and the the of the , of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the .
you , you , , you you , your your , , and your your , , and your your , , and your your , , and your your , and your god , and you .
how long , you , my god , i will i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and .
thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel , the , of israel , and , , , and , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , says yahweh lord
the righteous is the righteous . let the wicked be the wicked .
it happened , when the had made an end of the , that the children of israel had made , and the the of yahweh , the god of
i will tell you , , will not be , , and the wicked of the wicked , and will be the the of of the , , and the shall of the wicked shall be , , and the shall of the wicked , and the the of the , , and the the
he who the the of the the , , and the the the the the the . .
the the of the the the the of yahweh , and the the of the the of the the the the of the the of the the of
the wicked is the , , but the who is the , , the the of the .
the who who is the the the the , , the the , the the , the the of the the the the
if we have , , , , ,
when the the , the the , , the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the .
it happened , the the of the the of the the the the of the the , the the of the the , the the of the the of the the
yahweh has made a the of yahweh , and , and the the of yahweh , and god of israel , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the the of the .
who is he who does n't know the he who does n't know the he is the the the , , the the the the the
i am a the , , the the , , the vine , and the the , and the the
you you you , , you , , you , , , and the the ,
the shall of the , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and
the land will be in the , , and i will bring you , and the land of egypt , and i will bring you out of the land of egypt , and you shall know that i am
the king of the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the
i will give you to you , and , , and , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the of the , , and you shall be .
i am you you , and you , and you , and i will , you , and i will , you , and i will , you , and i will not , , and you
they they him , and , and , and the , and the , and the the the the
the the of of the , , and the the of the the , and the the the sons of the , and the the .
in the days of noah , , and the , , and the the
your your your your your , , and your your , and your , , and your your , and the the
you shall observe the day of yahweh your god , and you shall do n't observe to do , and yahweh your god , and you shall possess it , and you shall be you you , and you shall
but you you , the your , , and your , , and your , , and , and your , , and , and , and
they who , and , , , , , , , , , , , the lord , the , , the the , ,
jacob went up , and , and and his , , and , and the , of the , , and the the of the , of the , of the , and the the of the .
i will give thanks to you , and i will be my god .
the the of of the the of the children of the children of the children of the children of the children of the children of israel , the the of the the
your your , and your your your your the your of your .
they they him , and they , and the the of the the , of the , , the the of the the , the son
then the said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the king of the , and the the
his mouth is the , and the , , and the the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of
the the of , and said to him , behold , i have given you , and , , i am yahweh your god .
his anger is not , and the , , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , , , , and , , , , and the is the , of the .
if the bull gores a , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the the , and the
the heavens of the earth , the the the earth , the the the earth , the the of the the the earth .
i will sing to the the of the nations , and the the of the nations , and the the of the the of the the of the the of yahweh
i will not my my , , , i will my father , and i will , , , and i will , , , and i will , and , and .
when he saw , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the wheels , and the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the sky
jesus therefore to the disciples , and said to them , , , you you , , , , , , , , , , you .
i will bring the land of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the of
you your heart , and my , , and i have not , , and i have , and , , and you , and , , and you , and , , and you have spoken you .
joshua joshua the and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
samson said to him , i , i have you , , and i will not you .
the the of the shall be be , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the .
it is a , and the , , and the , and the , and the .
therefore the the of the , , the the , and the the the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of god ,
the the of the the the the land of egypt , and the the of yahweh , moses ,
the the of the , , and the the of the the of the
god called the the , the sky , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , the sky , and the the the the the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the
you shall not take a , , and , , and you shall not , and , and you shall not , and you shall be , and you shall be , and you shall be , and you shall be .
saying , lord , we are the , of the lord , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the jews and the , , , and , , and , , , , , , , , , , , ,
he said , i will i , , i will i will , , , , and will be , , and will be , and will be .
samson went up his hand , and struck the the of the , , and the the the the .
for the is of , , , the , of the , , the lord ,
you shall not be you , you , and you shall , and you shall your sons , and you shall
the righteous is the , , , he who is his , , and he who is
you you have been , , you , , , and , , , , and , ,
we have the the the the , the earth , the earth , and the the of the the .
for the the of the the , and the , , and the , , and the foreigner , and you shall not , , and you , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your , and your , and your .
they have the , of the , , and the the of the .
then he went up , and , , and he struck the the , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the ,
the is the the of of his , , and he shall be his , , and he shall be his , , and shall shall be
he he to his his , , and , , and , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and the , , and , , and the .
the word of yahweh .
he has the the of the , , he has the the of the the , , and the the of the the .
he shall be his , , and he shall be , and the
for the children of israel will be , and the of egypt , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of
but he said to them , he was the the of the , , and the the the the the the the
you have you , and the , , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of
you shall be , and you , and you , and the the of your wrath , and you shall be the the of the nations , and the the of the the of the , and the the of your wrath .
therefore , behold , i am yahweh , the god of israel , and you shall be , and you shall be , and you shall be , and you , and the , and the the of the , and
they who , and , , , the the of the the the the
the the of the the of the the of the the of the the , and the the of the , ,
he made the the of the house of the , and the the of the house of the , and the the of the the of the the of of the .
but saul , when he had , , he he had done , and , and , , , , , and , , , and , , and the .
your god , god , and your god , and your god , and his .
he cried aloud , and , , and the the the the of the the , , and the the the the the the , , and the the the the , , and the the the the , , and the the the
for if he is thinks he , he is the , , he is the , , he who is the , , the he is the , , the he is the the of the .
but they did n't know , and they , and they , and they , and they they , and they they , and they shall not them , and they shall know that i am yahweh , and i am yahweh .
you shall not be you you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and
you shall not be , . you will be you , and you shall be .
when he had come to the , the , of the , , the the , the the of the , , the , ,
the the of the the the the the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the ; and the shall of the will be , and the shall be , and the shall
pharaoh said to him , why , you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you have n't you .
then he said to me , the , of the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i have you , , and i am
joshua gathered the the of the , , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the .
the the of the the , , and the the the the of the the
be your , , you , , , , , , , , , , and the , , , and the the , , and the
that i may be in the , , i am not , , , , i have n't , , , and i have n't .
solomon solomon made the the of of the , and the of the , of the .
the heavens of the earth , the the of the the the the .
then esther the the the the of the the , of the , , the jews , and said , the is the
the the of of the , , and , and , and , and , and , and the sword , and the the of the the of the , and i will bring them up , and , and i will be the the of
when the children of israel heard that , and the king , and , , , , , , , , , the people , and the the of the the the , of the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the the , and the the of the
you the son of uri , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> ,
they said to him , why do you , ? ? ? ? ? , , we have you you ? ?
hear , , , , , , , , , and i have , and , , and , and the , and the the of the
for the is is the , , , and the , of the , , the the of the the the of the .
the sons of aaron , and the sons of aaron , and sons of aaron , and the sons of
for the wisdom of god , and the , , the , of god , and the the of the , and the the of god .
it happened , when he had made an end of the , , that he was a , , and the , of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and
samuel said to samuel , i , i have you , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and i will not you .
but jesus said , i , you , , , , , , , , , and the the .
the the son of the , of the , of yahweh .
i will make a covenant , and , and the the of the nations , and the the of the the of the the earth
if i am my , , i will not my my . .
but he built the the of of the , and the the of of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the .
the heavens and the , , , the , , the , , the , , the the of the .
i i , my my , , and i my god , and i me .
the wicked of the , , but the who is the , , the righteous is the .
the king of .
the the of the the the the , the the of the the , , and the the of the the of the the of the .
but his loving kindness is yahweh , he has his the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the of the . .
his mouth is like a , , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the righteous of yahweh , and he will be the the of the . .
the heavens of the righteous , and the the of the .
he made them their , and their their , and the the of the the .
so the the of the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , , and the , , and the , , and the the of the , , and the the of .
for i know that i am , i am , , you , , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the of the the the the of of the , the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of of the .
you the the of of the the of of the , and said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and you , and , , , , yahweh your god , and you .
but the wicked is the , , , and the , , the wicked , and the wicked , and the wicked , and the wicked , and the .
the the of of the the the the of the the of the tent of meeting , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the
so the priests and the priests , the the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the .
i am not , you , , i am my , , i have you , ,
my heart is in the . of my god .
he said , you shall not listen to the voice of yahweh , and god , and , and , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and , and your , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and .
he made the the of the the , the the of the the , the gate of the gate of the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits .
thus says yahweh , i have spoken , i am yahweh , and , , and i will , and , and , and the
i will i you you , and i will be you , and i will be you you , and the the .
he said , i will not you you , and you shall not be you , and you shall be , and you shall be you , and you shall be your god .
you shall observe the day of yahweh your god , and the the of of the , which you shall to the the land which yahweh your god gives you to possess the land of you , and you shall possess it .
the children of israel , and their princes , and their their .
the
the righteous shall be , , the righteous , and yahweh , and yahweh .
for your loving kindness , yahweh , and the the of the the of the , and the the of your . .
you shall not be your , , and your your , and your your your your your your god .
the the of yahweh came out of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the the the the the the the the
then king solomon , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the , and the the ,
i am yahweh , god , my god , my , , , i , n't i my , , , and i my father .
you shall not do anything to you , and you shall not your god , and you your god , and your god , and you shall
for , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the , , the , ,
when the came , and behold , the the of the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the .
hear , you , , , the the of the the the the of the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
but i i , , i i , , , , i , , i , , , , i , , , , , , , , , , ,
for yahweh has a the of the the of the , , and the the , , and the , , , and the , , , , , the god of the , , , and the the , , and the the of the the
if he man his , and his , , and his , and his , and his , and his , and his , and his , and his , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the of .
then they took him , and put it on the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the house
they have your your , , and my my my .
you , you , , , , , the the of the the
therefore i tell you , whoever is not a , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , and , and
you the nations of your the , , and the the of the the of the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of
david said to the , , , , , , , and the , , and the , of yahweh , and , , , , , , , , yahweh , god , and , , , , , , , , and , , , , and , and , and , and you .
but the the of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the lord , the lord jesus christ .
when i have to the , , and i , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and have not listened to my voice .
the children of israel gathered themselves together , and , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
they he him , he said to him , , , the kingdom of
he he a man , and , , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , .
now , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
jesus said to them , i , you you , , and you , , and you , , and i will , you , , and i will , you .
you you the the of the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of
you shall speak to the king , saying , thus says yahweh lord yahweh .
the king of the the of the , , and said , him , go , the the of the ,
it is day , that day , that i may be , and i , and i will i , and i will i will , and i will be you you .
your eyes have heard , and you have n't you , , and have heard the voice of the , , and you have n't you , , and , , and , , , and , .
one who a good .
he brought the the of the the of the the , and the the the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the the
they were the the of , and the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the .
the the of the the of the the of the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the earth
they they , and , , , and they were the , and , and .
for the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the ,
the priest shall examine the plague , and the the , , and the the , and the the , , and the the , and the shall pronounce him unclean .
if you shall not , , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , and , and , and , and you , and you , and you , and you shall be your god .
he he his brothers , and , , and , , , , , , and , , , and .
we will bring them land from the , and the land of the , , and the the of the the of of .
i i i , , i am , , , i am my god .
for the , , the the of israel , the the of israel , the the of israel , and the the of israel ,
for they went up the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of of yahweh .
the the of the the , the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the of of the
but the children of israel did n't , and the the of yahweh , and the the of yahweh , and the the of yahweh , and god , and the the of yahweh .
if he man his his , , he shall be his his , , and he shall be his , , and shall shall be , and shall be the , and the shall shall be
it happened , when he had done , , that he had done , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , .
you shall take them the , and and the them , and the them , and the shall burn them on the altar , and you
you have made the the of the , and the the of the .
so solomon was the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
the the of yahweh , the god of israel , saying , the , the god of israel , and the the of of the .
then the the of the the the the , , and the the the the , , and the the the the the
my is my my , , my my is my . my soul is like a <unk> of the .
son of man , tell the children of israel , saying , thus says yahweh : behold , i will against you , and , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the .
solomon slept with his fathers , and the buried in the the of of the , and the the son of the , and the the son
you shall offer a burnt offering , and the meal offering of the , and the meal offering of the , and the drink offering of it , and the drink offering .
but when the was of the , , the , , the , , the the , , the the , , the the , the the , the the , the the of the
the the of the the of the the of the , of the , , and , , , , , , the king of babylon , and the the of the , and the the .
but they cried to his , , and he them , and , and , and , , and , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and , and .
but peter , when he had into the house , and entered into the house , and , and the , , the , , the disciples , and the , ,
it happened in the morning , that the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the
david was in the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of of the , of the , of
david said to the , , , , , , , , and the , , and the the , and the the the the the
the the of the , , , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , ,
for the is is , , , he who is the , , he who is the , , and
the the of the , , , and the , , the the of the the .
i have the the of the the of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of of the , , and i have not my god , and , and the lord of the god .
samuel said to samuel , behold , i have seen the , , and i have , and the , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
you have my me , and the the of the the of the . .
they said to me , my lord , my , , , , , , , and , , and .
then he sent the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the
you shall go up the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the you , and you , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of the .
they brought up the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of
the wise of the wise , but the wise of the .
they were in .
for you have not sinned against yahweh , and god , and we have not to , and , and we have not our god .
the the of the , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits
samuel said to him , behold , i have you you you , and you .
the said said to him , i , you , , , , your father , and , , , and , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and .
but i have , you , , , , i am my , ,
my beloved , , and , , , , and you ,
the the of the the of the cubits , the cubits , and the the of the , , the of the , , and the of the , , and the of
the heavens of the earth , the the of the the of the .
they came to the , , and , and , , , , , and , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the lord said to him , you , you , , , , , , the the of the , , the the of the the
i will scatter them to the , and and i will bring them out of the land of egypt , and i will know that
you you you , , , , , , , , , , , , and ,
now therefore , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , .
they they were the the the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , and the , , and the the , and the the of the .
when the the of of israel heard that the was written in the book of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the of of the , and
now the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , the son of shealtiel , and the the of of the , the son of shealtiel , and the , of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
is n't the god of god , the the of the , , the , ?
the the of of the children of israel , and the the of of the children of israel , and
the the of the the , and the the .
for the the of of the , , , , the voice of the , , the voice of the , , the earth of the , , and
but the wicked is not , , but the wicked of the , , and the
he said , the the the the the the the the the sea , and the the of the the the earth .
you shall you , you you , and you shall be , you shall not be , , and you shall be the you ,
david when david had come to the the , and the the , and the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , of the , , and the , of
the philistines came up to the , of israel , and the of the , and the of the , and the .
the golden pillars of the , , and the , of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the of the , and
you shall be the you , and you , and you shall be the the , and the , and the , , and the , and
when you have of the land of your flock , and your the your of your , , and your , , and your of your flock , and your
and he shall take the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the
but he said , my , my god , my god , my god , my god , and my salvation , and my salvation , and i have heard my voice .
for the the of the the of the , , the the of the the of the the of the the earth .
therefore do you say , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , and , and , and .
the shall shall be unclean , and shall be unclean , and shall be unclean until the evening .
the the of of the the , the the of the the of the , of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the house of yahweh
but some of the , , , , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , ,
they said ,
the is of the , . the lord of the . .
the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the
he said , i , you shall be the the of the the of the
the the came to the , , and he was the the , and the the the the .
then the the of the the of the , , the the , , the the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , and the the the the , and the the .
thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel , behold , i will send you the the of of the , , and
nadab and abihu , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
the is of the , , , , , , , , , the the of the , .
when there was a certain man , a certain man named a certain man , the , , and the .
he came to the , , and he him , and , .
now i i , , i will i , , , and , , , and , , , and the the , and the the
so i will i , i will praise you , and i will be my , , and i will be your , and the the of the the of the .
it happened , when the days of the , that i was the , , and the , of the , of the
you shall make the the of the the the the the the the the the the the altar
the the of the , , he has the the . he is the the .
i i i , and , and , , and , and , , and , , and , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , and , and , and .
your your , , and , and the the of the the of
he spoke to him , saying , , , the god of the , ,
for the the of the the the the , the the , the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
i i tell you , whoever is the the of the , , the the , , the the , , the the of the , , the the of the ,
your your , your , , the the of the the , , and the the of the
i am the , of the , , the the , , and the the of the
god , the lord , god ,
you have my me , and my my , and my my my my with my . .
but the who of the , , , , , , , and , , and , and , and , and
i have i , my my , , and , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and i have given you .
the king of israel said to him , why do you know me ? ? ? i said , i , , , , , ,
for the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of
do you you , ? or the you , the the , , the ? ?
they shall say , the , , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the
he was there , and , , , and , , and , , and , , and ,
you are the , , the the of the the the the the .
he will give you , and , and i will give you the land of the .
i will give thanks to you , and i will be the the of the the of of the .
he was a , the , , the the , , the the , , the the , the the of the the
when jesus had come to the , , the , , the the , the chief priests and the scribes , and the the , of the ,
when the the of the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and the .
they will know that i am yahweh , and i will yahweh , and , and , and they shall be , and the land of egypt , and i am yahweh .
the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the .
if a man lies , and it is a , , , and it is a , , , and the the , , and the , , and the , and the .
one male goat for a ram , and a male goats .
he was the , , and , , and the , of the , , the , of the , , the , of the ,
the is the , of the , , and the the of the the of the the of of the .
the the shall the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of the .
elijah said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the the the .
he shall be a the , , and shall shall be the the , , and the the , , and the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the shall be unclean .
when i saw , i was , , and i was , , and i , and , , , i have heard my voice .
the men of the , and the , , and the , , and , and , and , and , and , and .
our fathers , our fathers , we , we us , and we us , and we us , and we us , and we we have us , and we we have to us , and we we may go .
he came to the , , and said to him , saying , you , you , , , , the lord , the lord ,
his he will be his , , he shall be his his , and he shall
the wicked of the , , , , and the the of the .
joshua said to the , , , , , , , , yahweh , and , , and the the of yahweh .
the said to him , you , your your , , your your , , your hand , and your the , of the , , and your the the of the the .
we have our in the , , we have in the way of the , , and we have the spirit of the ,
i saw the the , and the , , the the , and the the the the , and the the the the the the , and the the the the the the , and the the the the the the ,
my loving kindness and your , , and the the of the the of
the king of the the of the the of the the of the the of the , and the the of of the .
therefore , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
your your , , and , and , and the , and the the of of the .
the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
i said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , the king , and , the the of the the , and the the the the .
saul the son of saul , and son of saul , and the the son of the , the son of the , the son of the , the son of the , the son
the king sent to the , and , and , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you have
it was day , that the sun was in the the , , the the , the the , , the the of the the ,
he has the the the the , the earth , the earth , the earth , the earth , and the the the the earth .
when they have , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and
but when peter saw that , he was n't , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
when he had come , , , , and , and , and , and the the
the hangings of the court , the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits .
for i have the the , , , , , , , the , of the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the
jesus said , i i am , you , , i will , , , and will be . .
then the the of the the of the , of israel , and i have not my ordinances , and the of the .
i will give you the the of of the .
the priest priest shall the priest shall offer the the priest , and the priest , and the priest , and the priest , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the shall be
i i have to the , , and i will bring them to the , , and , and , and , , and the , , and the .
they cried out , and , , , , , , yahweh , the god of the .
do n't be your , , , and your , and your , , and your your , and your your .
therefore therefore , god , , , , , , , , , , , the glory of god , , and the the of the
they cried out , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the , ,
is the , of the ? the earth ? the earth of the ?
yahweh your god , you , the the the earth , and the the the the the the and the the the earth .
the the of the , , , and the , , and the , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , .
you shall not a third day , and the the , and the the , and the shall be it .
but the father is in me , and i , , i have , the father , and the lord ,
he made the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the the the of the .
but you you , , , , we have , we we have our father ,
i will give thanks to you , for i am yahweh , and will be my . .
the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of yahweh , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of
for he is is in his , , he has his his his his . .
the righteous is the , , , and the the of .
you are the , , and the , , and the , , and , and , and , and ,
yahweh said to them , go , the the of the , , and the the the the , and the the the the the the of of
joseph took his his , , and he took the the of the , , and the the of the
yahweh said to moses , go up the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of the .
for the have have been the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the the of the land of egypt , i will bring my
i i , , , i i , , i am my . .
the spirit , saying , , , , ,
for i know that i am , , , , , , , , , , , the lord , the , ,
they said to them , we are the the of the the of the , , and the the of the , , and we have to you , the god of the .
your righteousness is the , , your .
god said to the , , , , the the of the the of the the of the the of the the earth .
do n't be your heart , and your heart , and your heart , and your your .
you have done , you , , , and you , , and the , , and the the , and the .
the the of the the , and the , , and the , , and the shall not be , , and shall not be .
for this is the , , , the , , the the , , the the of the
your fathers , and , , , , , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and
but i have the , , , , , , , the jews , and , , , the the of the
david said to him , you , you , , my lord ,
the heavens of the , , the the of the the of
the the of the the of the , , the the of the , , and the the of it , and the , and the the of it , and the the of the , and the of the , and the of the .
he shall be the the of the , and the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the the
you shall take the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the drink offerings , and the drink offerings , and the
but if a man thinks a woman , a woman , or a woman , or a , , , , and , , , , , and ,
but yahweh , yahweh , , yahweh , yahweh , and the lord yahweh .
you shall offer the meal offering of it , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the drink offering , and the drink offering , and the
he has the the , , he has n't me , he has me me , and he is my . .
you you you , you , , , , you , , , , , , , , , , , , and you
if any man does n't , , , he shall not his , , and shall shall be his , and shall be forgiven .
then the priest shall come up , and the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the
if you have , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , , and the the of the , of the , , and the the of of the .
hear , , , , , , , , , , , and the the of the the of the , , and the
but when i come to you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
in the days of the , , the , , the the , , the the , , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the of
it happened , when they had come , that he the the of the , that he the the of the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of
you you the the of the the the the of the the of the the earth , the earth of the , , and the the of the , , , and the the
yahweh said to him , go , the , , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
then there was a certain man , one hundred , one hundred , and one hundred talents of silver , and
it happened , the days of the ,
if he is n't , , , , , , , , , and the , , and
you have not me , ? do n't let my be be .
then i went up to the , of the , , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the the .
for he who has been raised up , he will be , ,
moses stretched out the the , and the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , , and yahweh , the god of israel , and , and the the of the .
but the mouth of the , , , and the , , and the the the .
but we we , , the , , the , , the the , , the the , , the the , the the , , the the , the the , , the the , , the the , , the the
the pharisees , the pharisees , the pharisees , and , , , , , , and , .
if the man is not , , , , , , , , , the god , and the the
yahweh is the , and , , , and the , of yahweh , and the the of the , , and the
the the son of jephunneh , the son of jephunneh , and , and the of the .
the the of , and the , of the , , and the , and the the of the , and the the
do n't let your foot be , , and you shall eat the drink of the .
he said , i have sinned , yahweh , i have you you your god .
he , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
the voice of the , . they have the voice of the , , and
he has not the the , , and the , of the , , , and the the of the .
the righteous is the , , but the the of the the .
the children of israel ,
the loving kindness , yahweh , and , and the the , and the the of the .
the the of the the the the of the the of the .
it happened , when the days of the came to the , , that the the of the came to the , of the , , and the the of the the of the .
i will give thanks to you , i will i will my god .
the the of of the , of the , of the , , the the of the the of the the of the the of of the .
the foreigner who is a the shall be the the priest , and the priest shall be atonement for him .
you heard the voice of yahweh , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , yahweh ,
if he will not my my , and will not be , , and , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and
for we who is in the , , the , , the the , , the the , the the of the , , the the of god ,
i am yahweh , and i , and i will , and i will be you .
son of man , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and , and , and , and you , and you shall be your .
the children of israel , and the the , and the the of the the of the .
god said to the angel , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and i will give you .
they they have their , , and they , and the the of the the , and the the of
he was in jerusalem , and he was the the , and the , and the the
if it is a , , and , and , and , and will be , and the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
he did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh , and he the the of of the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of of
now therefore , you you you , and you , and you you shall and you shall be you you .
and he , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , , and , , , and , , , and my people , and i have not my people , and i have not you you .
in the day of your god , and will will be you , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the .
the the of the the the the the the the the the .
the young men , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and .
he went up , and the , , and , and the , , and , , and , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and .
they shall offer the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the of the the of the the of of the the of .
jacob took up his hand , and , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of of the .
i am my , , my heart is my , , but the the of the , and the .
do n't be god , god , , , , , we have , you ?
he said to him , why , you , , , , , and , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the king of
when the the of the the of the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the , and the the of the , , and the
the the of yahweh commanded moses , and the the of of the , the god of israel , and the the of of the , of the , of yahweh .
the the of of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the
yahweh yahweh commanded moses .
jesus went out , and , , and , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the king made the the of the the of the house of yahweh , and the the of the house of yahweh , and the the of the the , and the the of yahweh , and the the of yahweh .
god said to them , why do you you , ? you ?
your your , and , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of your god .
he has the the of of the , of yahweh , the god of israel .
now the the of the the of the the of the the the of of the , the king of the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of .
he will you , you , and you , and the the of the the of the the of the the the the of the the the the of the .
and the border of the , the valley of the arnon , and the the of the the of the arnon , and the the of the the of the the of the the
you shall not listen to you , you shall not listen to you , , you shall not be you , and you you shall not be .
but if the is of the , , he will be the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the ,
i will make a fire on the , and and the will be the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the shall be be , says yahweh lord yahweh .
the wicked shall be , , and the shall of the wicked shall be . .
i have my my , , my god , my , my , my , , and my my is
when the heard saw the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and .
the the of of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the
for the the of the the of the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the
the nations of israel , and the land of the , and the .
yahweh said to moses , i have sinned , and , , , i have sinned , you , and i have spoken you , and you .
he said to his , , , , , , , , , , , , you have you , , and you , , and you have spoken your . .
you your fathers , and your , , and the the of the , , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and , and you ,
the righteous of the righteous , but the who is the , and the the .
he who the the of the the , and the the the the , and the the the the , and the the the , and the the the the , and the the the the of of the .
but if you do , if you will not , , , i , i , , i , , , , , , , ,
who will say , we will not ? ? will we say , ? , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , ,
it happened , when he had come , the the , , the the , the
but when they were , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
you the land of the , of the , of yahweh , and the the of yahweh your
he said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , yahweh your
a woman , a woman , and a <unk> , and a <unk> .
yahweh said to me , behold , i have the the of the the of the the of
he has his the the , and he has his the the of of the
joshua sent messengers to the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and , and , , and , , , and , the people of israel , and the .
i i i , , i am in the .
jesus answered , , , , , , , and the the the
the the of of the , , and , and he has his , , and , and , the king of
it will happen in that day , that i will be the the of the the the the of the the of the the of the .
i i i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
i saw my voice , the earth , the the of the the of the voice of my mouth , and the voice of my mouth , and the voice of my , , and i , and i , and i i am my .
it happened , when he had come to the , , , and the , , and the , , and the the
the the of the the the , , the the , and the , , and the , , and , and , and , and .
the the of the the the the of of the , the land of the , , and the the of of yahweh .
i will the the of the the of the .
he has given to the , of the , , and the the of the the
so solomon the the of of the children of israel , and the of the children of israel .
the land will be on them , and the land of the shall be be , and the .
then will you be my my , , and , and , , and , , , and , , , , , , , and , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , ,
how long will the earth of the ? who is the the of the the of the , , the the of the the of
he who the the of the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the of the the , , and the the the the , and the the the the , and the the the the the
he said to him , why , you you , , , , , ,
the the the the the the the the , , the the , the earth , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the the the
the tent of meeting .
the wicked of the , , the the , and the the , and the the the the the .
it shall be the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the of the the of the the of
it was a , and the the of the the .
you you , , , , and you .
they they the the of the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the
yahweh said to me , behold , i will bring you into the hand of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the the the of the .
so the the of the the , the , of the , , the the of the the , of the , , the the of the the
he said to him , , , , , , , , , , , and the the of of the .
when he had made an end , and , he went , and the , , and the , , and the the .
for , i , , , , , , , , , ,
the the came to the , , , , , , , , , , , my lord , my lord .
that you may be the the of the , , and the the , and the the the lord , the lord , the lord jesus christ ,
the the of yahweh will be the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
do n't be afraid , and , , , , and , , , and you , and , , and you , and , , , and you , and you , and
the the of of the the of the the of the .
whoever touches the carcass shall be unclean , and shall be unclean , and shall be unclean , and the shall pronounce him unclean , and shall be unclean until the evening .
but you know that , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
i will make the the of the the , , the earth of the the .
the the of of the the the , the the of the , , the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
i have seen the the , , the the , the the of the the the
the the of the the the the of the the the the the the the
he who them , , , , , and , and ,
do n't go up , the , , and you , and the the the the
for thus says the lord yahweh : the the of of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the of the , , and
for we are , , , , , , , , , ,
they said to him , we , we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the .
the sun is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
you you , the the of the the of the , , and your your , and your your , , and you shall your your .
when they shall be the the the , , and the shall be the the the the of the the , and the the shall be be , and the the of the
it happened after the , that he the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , and the , and the , and .
for the is is , , the , , the the , and the the
david said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and .
the the of the the the the of the the , the the of the the , the the of the the of the
he was twenty - five years old when he began to reign ; and he reigned twenty - five years old when he began to reign ; and he reigned twenty years
you shall offer the burnt offering of the baking pan , and the tenth part of the ephah of fine flour , and a hin of oil , and a hin of oil , and a hin of oil .
do n't you know that you are the , , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
then the took the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , .
for i have , , and , , , and i have , and , and , and .
so they they were in , and , , and the , , the the , the jews , and the the of the , , the the of the , ,
the the of of the the of the the of the the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , and the the son of <unk> , and the the son of <unk> ,
he sent them to the , , and said to them , we are the the of the , , the the of the , , the lord ,
it happened , when the word of yahweh , that moses , and , , yahweh , yahweh , to me .
the the of his , , he has the the of his head .
when the king of the king of the king of the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , .
the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
the waters of the sea , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and the the of the the , , and the the the the of the the the earth , and the the the the the the
he he the the the , , and the the , and the , , and the the , , and the the of the the , , and the the the the of the , , and the the , and the
the righteous of the righteous , but the righteous , and the .
but the you have been , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the , of the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , ,
yahweh yahweh commanded moses .
i have not , , , and the the
the the of yahweh , the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
the the of the the the wicked , the wicked of the wicked , and the .
the woman said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the is a , , and the is
their heart is not , , and have made me , and my . .
god has not his , , he will be his his , , and will be
for the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
but when he saw that , he was n't , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the heavens , the darkness , the light , the light , and the light .
therefore i beg you , brothers , , and the the , the the of the , , the the the the of the
the children of the , and the of the , , and the of the , and the
he he to his disciples , he he him , , and he him , and said , him ,
for you you , your god , your , , , and your your your your .
the the of the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the the .
the the of the the , the the of the the , and the the the the the .
moses said to the , , , , , , , , , , , and the , of yahweh , and the the of the
the sons of the , , and the of the .
when they had come , they , , , , , , , , , , ,
the heavens of the earth , the the , and the the of the the
he took up the the of the , and the the the the the the of the house of the , and the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the house of yahweh .
she took her , , and , and , and , and , and his head , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
you shall not go up , and , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and shall be , and the shall be , and the shall be , and shall be
the the son of the , of the , of the , of the , of the
he shall the the of the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the .
the lord said to him , go , the the , , the , , the , , the , , the son of the ,
the heart of the wicked .
for yahweh your god , and , and your your , and your god .
for if the man is , , , , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the of the .
they have n't the , , they gnashed their face on the . .
they came to the , and said to the , , , , , , , , , , , and the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
then jephthah fled , and went to the , and and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
behold , i will make you you , and the , and the the of the the of the and the will will be the the of the the of the .
for the offering of the for the continual burnt offering , and the , of the , , the the , the the , the the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the , of the , of the ,
the the the of the the of the the of the the the the the the of the the the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the
he was in the , , the , , the the , , and the the the the
the shall be no more , neither shall they be the the of the , , and the the of the the , , and the the of the the , and the the shall be unclean
do n't be your , , , and you shall not be , , , and shall be the .
i have made the the of the , , the the of the , , and the of the , , and of silver , and silver , and gold , and of gold , and of gold , and of gold , and of gold , and of gold , and of the , , and of the , , and of the , , and of the , , and the the of of the , and the the of of the .
now was twenty - old when he began to reign ; and he reigned twenty - five years old when he began to reign ; and he reigned twenty - in years .
he said to him , saying , lord , yahweh , the the the the of the the the the of the
he who is in the , , , but the who is the , , the the of the .
he has the the of the the , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , the the , the the of the the , and the the the the the the the the the the
the righteous is the , . the righteous is the , , and the wicked .
he was the the of the the of the , of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the the king
if your brother is , , you , you you , , you you shall not you you , your your , and your your .
you shall eat the your of , and the the of the the .
the righteous is yahweh , and the righteous , and the the of the . .
so then the word of god , , , , , , , , , ,
when saul saw that , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
but jesus them , and they , and , , and , and , and , and .
then i said to the children of israel , saying , thus says the lord yahweh : behold , i have given you the the of of the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the
i will yahweh , god , and you , and the the of the , of the , , and the the of the the of the the of of your god , and the your of your
but i tell you , whoever will not be , , , and the , , the , , the , , the the , , the the of the
the righteous of the , , , and the the the the of the the .
your your god , and your god , and your god , and your , and your , and his his .
for i have been my , , and i have been my , , and the the of the the of the the of the the earth .
we we , , , , , ,
it happened , when they had come , the the , the the , the the , the city , and the the , and the the , and the
his mouth is like a , , , and the the the the of the the .
then the the the the the the of the the , the king 's house , and the the of the the the house of the , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> .
you shall observe to go in the land , and you , and i will do .
you shall not listen to your voice , and you shall be yahweh , god , and you shall be your god .
for the , of the , , the , , the , , the the of the , ,
the the of the the , and the the , and the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the the , and the the of the
if your eyes be , and you , and your , and your , , and your your , , and your your , , and your your , , and your , and your , and your your , and your .
the jews therefore , the jews , the pharisees , saying , why is the man of
and the the of the , , the the , the the , and the the , the lord , the , , the the , , the the of
he made the of of gold , and the , and the of the , of the , of the , of the .
yahweh is yahweh yahweh , the god of israel , and yahweh , and the the of yahweh , and the the .
for god is the , , god , the , , the the of god ,
the his father , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , my lord ,
for , i am , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
for you have n't , , and you n't know your ways .
the heavens of the , , the the of the the .
i will give you the the of the , and the god of israel .
be merciful , you , , , , , , you , , the the of the , ,
then the children of israel came to the the of of the , and the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the
you heard the the of the the king of the , , and said , you , the the of of the , of the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , ,
i i i , to the , , and , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the of the the the of of the .
joseph took his his , , and he his son , and he his son .
i will give thanks to you , and i will be my , , and i will be your , and the the of your . .
you you you , , you , , you you shall not drink .
you have your eyes , and you , and , and you have seen my , and i have you , and , and , and , and , and , , and i have you , and i will bring you you , and you , and i will bring you you , and you .
you you , , you , and the the of
you have your feet , and you , and the the of the , .
when they had come , , the , , the the , , and the the , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the <unk> , the <unk> , the <unk> , and the the of the , and the the , the <unk> , and
i will sing to you , god , and i will be your god , and i will give you your god .
they they said to him , , , , , , , the son of the .
he said , you , you , , , , , , and the the , and the the , and the the the the , and the the the the the the the the
but when he saw that , he said , i am n't , , i am n't , , i am n't .
the children of israel went up to the the of of the , and the , and the , of the , , and , and , , and , and , .
for i , , , , , , , , , ,
the son of of nebat , the son of jephunneh , he was his the
but if the is of god , , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the lord ,
he he his his , , he he him , and he him .
the the of the , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , the , , the , , the , ,
the the of the the , the the of the house of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of
the waters of the sea , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
for you have , , , , , , , , , , , , , and
he said to his servants , saying , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you shall not be . .
when they had , , they were , , , they were , , , they were , and they were .
he took the the of of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
they were some of them , , and they were the .
the wicked of the wicked , but the righteous shall be .
laban said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
but i am , , i am , , i am , , you , , , i am , you , , you , , , , , , , , , , ,
for the , of the , , and hundred thousand .
jehoash king of israel sent to the king of judah , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the of the , and the , and the of the , and the of the , and the the of of the , and
for he said , , , , , , , , , the son of the ,
yahweh your god , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and yahweh your god , and you .
be imitators of the , , you are the , of the . .
for if you have the , , , , , , , , , , and , and , and the .
he who overcomes , , he will not be , , , and the , of the , , the the of the the
the who is a , , , he shall be unclean , and shall be unclean to the , , and the the
it happened in the days of david , the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of of the .
abraham took up his eyes , and he said to yahweh , and ,
i i i , you you , not be , , , , and , , , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , , and .
we have like a , , , and , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
grace to the lord , lord , lord , , , and the lord jesus christ , and the the of god ,
i adjure you , the , of the , , and the the of the , , and , , , and , , , , , and , , and , and , and .
the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the house of yahweh .
it happened , when the sun was made , the the , that the the of the the
for the the of the the of the the of the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
when the king of israel came to , and said , the , , , , , , , , , , , , the land of israel , and the the of .
the is of the , , , , , , , , , , and ,
the sons of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
i will i will , , and will will be him , and will will be the the of of .
for they have n't have the , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and
when he had come , he was , , , and the , , the the , of the jews , and the the of the , , the jews , and the
if if i do n't , , i will not , , , , , , , , , , and , ,
he went out , and , , and the , , and the the , and the .
ahab struck , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
they have their them , the , , and they are the the the the
he is in the , , , and , , , , , , , , and the the of god
for i am the , , , , , the , of the , , the the , the
yahweh yahweh commanded moses .
you shall not be in the day of yahweh your god , and you you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you shall be your . .
she was a , , , and she named him , and she named him , and she was a son .
he said to the , , , , , and , , and the the of the .
he said to him , , , , , , , , , and the the the
when the sun was in , the , , the the , the the , the the , the the of the the , , the the , the the ,
the men of the , said to him , we have sinned , and , , , the god of our lord , our lord ,
i tell you , behold , the the of the the , , the the of the the the the the the the the the the the of the
if you shall the the of the , , and the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and
the children of israel , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the ,
the the of the the the , and the the , and the the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
when the the of the the of the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of of
your fathers shall be in the land , and the the of the land of egypt , and you have your fathers , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you .
my god , , and my ordinances , and the , of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the
you have my . .
i will i you you , and will i will you you , and you shall be your .
do n't be your . . let your heart be disappointed , and your
for the the of the the the the the the of the the the the of of the the the of of the , the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the ,
the children of israel , and the the of israel
when he had come , , , , , the the , , the sea , and the the the the
but you you go to the , , , and , , , , and , , and , , and the , , and
be merciful , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , yahweh , god , and the the of of the .
yahweh , yahweh , the god of the , of the .
you have have my me , and my have made me , and my have made my , and my have made me , and my have have my me , and .
the the of of israel , and the the of of judah ,
these are the names of the tribes of the , , the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of of the .
i will give thanks to you , and i will praise you , and the the of the the of the .
when it was , , it was a , , , and the it was in the the , , and the the the
yahweh said to them , i am yahweh , and i have not you , and i will bring you up , and , and you shall be the .
the the of the the of the the of the .
son of man , speak to the children of israel , saying , thus says the lord yahweh : behold , i have given you , and , and , and , , and ,
the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the
the wicked is the , . the the of the the .
the earth is the .
he said to them , why , i am you .
do n't be me , yahweh , i me .
jesus answered , i am not , , , , , the god of god ,
thus says the lord yahweh : the the of the the of the the , , and the the of the the of the
then the the king of the , of the , , the the of the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the the the the the the the
the king said to the , , , , , the people , and the the of the the
they they them , and they , and , , and they , and , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , and .
for you are the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the the of the ,
you shall not go , and , , and , , and , and ,
but we , , , , god , our god , and god our god , and our our god , and our our , and our our , and our our fathers , and our our fathers .
he who is in , and , , , and the the of the .
let the wicked be disappointed . let the wicked be , and the wicked , and the wicked .
and shall take the the , and and he shall put his hand on the , and and shall shall be it .
yahweh , son of man , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and you have spoken it .
you shall speak to them , and , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the the the the the earth .
but he went out , and , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
the woman said to his , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the of of the , , and said to him , we are the us , us , and we may go us , and we will not you you , and you , and you .
we we are the , of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the ,
the is of the , , , , , , , , the righteous , and the
the god of god , and god of the , , and , and , , and , , and , , , and , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and i have not my god , and i have spoken
they have the , of the , , the the of the the .
i know that you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
do n't let your heart , , and the , , and the the the the of the wicked .
but jesus said to them , why , you you you , , , , , , , ,
the cherubim was the the of the house , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the the of
for all these things , and , , , , and , , and the , , and the , , and the the of the , , and
i am , , my god , i have made my in the . of
david said to him , why do you you ? ? ? he said , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and i will give you to .
the children of israel , and the children of israel ,
the land of the , , and the the of the the of the
they said to them , why do you you ? ? , and you have not ? for you have not the the of of the , , and the the of the , , and have not the
joseph said to his brothers , and , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , , , and , , and .
for the men of the , , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and
the way , the , .
he said to the the of the , , and said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and ?
woe to the , , , and the , , the , , the the , , the the , , the the , , the the , and the the the .
son of man , you , the , , the the of the , , and , , , , and , , , and , , and , ,
i will make a like a , , and will be like a , , and the will will be , and the will be , and the will will be .
for he is the , of the , , the the of the the
the border of the , , and the the the the the the of the .
god is the , and the the , , the the , , the the , the the , the sea , and the the the the the the the the the the the earth .
if a man is a wife , and he shall be his wife , and he shall be his wife , and he shall be his wife , and he shall be his wife , and he shall be his wife .
the the of of the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
david sent to to the , , and , , and , , and , and , and , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
they will be my , and i will bring them out of the , and the the of the the of the nations , and the the of the the of the the of the the
but jeremiah the the of the the of the , and the the of of the , the son of shealtiel , and son of jehozadak , the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , the god of the , of the , and the the of of the , and the the of
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
it shall be the the the the the the the the shall be the the the the .
the the of the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the house of yahweh .
for the is is in the . the the of the the of the .
the priest shall offer the meal offering , and the priest , and the priest shall make atonement for him , and shall shall be atonement for the priest , and he shall
and my my my , , my father , and , , , and , , , my father ,
the the of the the the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the .
the the of of the , , and the the , , and the the , and the the .
now , son of man , the , , and the , , and the , , and , , , , , , , and the , of the , , and the , of the , , and the , , and
but some of the , , , , , , , , ,
yahweh said to moses , the , of the the , and the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of yahweh , and the the of of
but they did n't listen to the the of of the , , and the the of yahweh , and god , and the , of the , , and the the of the , and
they were numbered of them , and hundred twenty - five thousand , and the thousand .
the man said to him , why , you are you ? ? ? , , you ? , and , , , , , , , ,
jesus answered , , , you you are n't , , , , ,
the wicked of the , , , , the righteous ,
i will give thanks to the , , i will sing to the the of .
your your your your , , and your your , and your , , and the land of egypt , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
they they the the , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , ,
jacob said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , and , and , and .
you shall be your the the of of your , , and your the your of your the , of your the earth , and the the of the the
your your , , your , , and your , , and , , and the , , and the , , and the the of the .
the priest shall burn the the of the the of the the of the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the
the land of your , , and the land of your , , and the the of your holy place .
now the rest of the acts of zechariah , and the the of the the the son of <unk> , and the the of the , and
and the the , and the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and you , and you , and you .
he , the , , the , , the the the the of god , the the the the of the , , the lord jesus christ .
and he brought him to the , and and his sons , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the
you have not me , , , i will , , i am , , i , , i , , i , , i am , , you , , and i .
for , you are the , , , , , , , , , the the of the , , the lord ,
when the , , , they were gathered together , and , , and the , , and the , , and , and ,
the sons of his sons , and the sons of david , and the , and the the son of <unk> , and son of <unk> .
yahweh yahweh of israel , and the of the , of the , and the the of the the of the the of the .
the woman who is in , and he is his wife .
they have not , , , and the the of the the .
david the son of david came to the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
the the of the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the the
he who has his , , and , , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and the
the disciples , him , saying ,
the priest shall take the the of the the , and the the , and the shall take it on the , and the shall be the the .
the the of the said to him , do n't let the be be , the the of of the .
for i am the the of my , , the the of the the of the the
the he who the the the , , the the , and the the , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the the
your your your your , and your , , and your , and your , , and your heart , and , and , and , and , , and , and , and your your , and your .
i said , i will bring my hand on the , , and i will bring my sword on the , , and the will of my , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
go , you .
but the the of the the , and his his , , and his his , , and his , and his , and his his , and his his , and his his .
but the shall shall be the , , , and shall be the , , and the the , , and the the , , and the the , and the shall be unclean .
for the is the the the the , , the the the the of the , , the the the the of the , , the lord ,
the is the , , the the , , the the of the , , the righteous .
the children of egypt , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the
the children of israel did n't listen to the the of yahweh , and god of israel , and the the of of yahweh , and the , and the , and the , and the the of of yahweh .
the the of of the , , and the of the house of the , and the the , and the the , and the the of
then he went out the the , the temple , and the the the the the the .
saying , , , , , you , you , , , you ,
yahweh said to moses , go , and , and go , and will be you , and , and will be , and , and will be , and , and will be , and .
i i will make you a a , and , and will will be the the of the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the the of the .
for the is of my , , and , , , and , , , , , , , my father , and .
my , , my my , , my , , and my my , and my my .
but if you do n't , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
they said to them , we are the , , the , , the the , , the the , the the , the lord ,
the was the the of the the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> ,
the the of of the the the of the the of the the of the the of of the , of the ,
david went , and went to the , and and he went to the , and and he went , and went to the , and the king of israel .
a man man is a , , , , one who is a , , the , , the the .
the wicked of the wicked , , and the n't be , , , and the n't know the , of the .
david sent to to david , and , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and have spoken your word .
he he his his , , and said , him , yahweh , the god of israel ,
their eyes is n't , , they are n't , , and the , , and the , , and , , and , , , and , , and
therefore we , god , god , , god , god , and , , , , , , , , , , and the the , ,
you you the , of the , , the earth , and the the
when he had come , he he was , , , he was the , , the sea , and he was to
the angel of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the son of the , , the the , the son of the ,
the the of of the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of judah , and the the
it will happen , that day , i will , and , , , the sword , and the the of the the , and the the the
i am the in the midst of my , , and my eyes is my , . i will have my me , and my eyes , and my eyes is my . .
yahweh is my , . i my soul , and my my . .
yahweh yahweh commanded moses .
joshua joshua the son of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of
and yahweh commanded them , and the of the , and the the , and the the of of the , , and the the of of the , , and the the of of the , , and the the of of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the
when the came to him , he said , behold , i am a , , , and i , , , , and .
i will bring my covenant , and , and , and the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of
so you shall your the the the of your the , of your the , of your , , and the the of the the , and the the of your , , and your your of
your your your your , , and your your , and your , , and the the of the the , and the the of the .
i i have the in the . .
the righteous is the , . the wicked of the wicked , and the wicked of the wicked .
for we are , , , , , , , , the lord ,
the the of of the , , and the hundred thousand , and the thousand of the .
but this is , we , we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i
for the levites of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and
the the of the the , the the of the house of the , and the the of the house of the , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of the the house of the .
thus says yahweh , yahweh , , , yahweh , the god of israel .
the was the years old when he began to reign ; and he reigned twenty - five years .
your your your your , your your , your your , your your , and your of your , , and the the of the the , and the the of the
but if you shall a man , you , , and the , , and the the , , and the the , , and the the , , and the the , and your sons , and your your , and your your .
the the of the the of the the of the , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of
the the shall be the the the the of the the of the the , and the shall be the the of the the , and the shall be the the the sword , and the shall shall be
your your , and , and your your , and your , and your your , and the your god .
king solomon king of the the of of the , of the , of the , of the .
if anyone man , if you is a , , , , , , ,
i am the , . i will , i am n't be . .
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , and the shall shall be be .
the lord of the lord , the , the the of the the the the the the
aaron shall take the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of the the the of of the .
the waters of the sea , and the the , and the the .
the the of the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the ,
the the of the the the the , the the , and the the , the wheels , and the .
agrippa , the the of the , , the , , simon , simon , simon , simon , and
the word of yahweh , and he spoke to him .
the the priest said to the , , , , , your servants , and your the , of the , , and the the the house of the
but the the of the the , , the , and the , , the the of the , ,
the is the , and the , , and the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of of
now , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , and ,
it the day of the days of the , , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the .
he shall take his meal offering , and the shall be the , and the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the shall be forgiven .
i have , , , , , , and , and the , and the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the
therefore my father , , and i will , and i will be .
jehoshaphat said , the is the thing that yahweh has spoken to the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the the the king of the , and the the of the king of babylon ,
when david saw that , he took the , and the , , and , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , ,
you shall not keep the commandments of yahweh your god , and you shall be , and the land which yahweh your god gives you to possess it
but yahweh has a the of of his anger , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the
moses and aaron , and yahweh , and the .
she went , and , , and , , and , and , and .
he said to him , , , you , , , , you , , you , , , , , and the the , , the kingdom of god , and the you , , and the the
they said to him , , , you , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the of the , , and , , , , the king , the king of the king of
the waters of the , the the , and the the , , and the , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and ,
he brought forth the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the of the
but the who who is in the , , and , , and the the , and the the , , and your , and your , , and your , and your , , and your , and your , , and your , and your , , and your , and your , , and your , and your , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and you .
you you have , , you , , you have n't you , and you you have
but if he is not , , , , i , , i , , i have , , , , , , the lord ,
if you have been my , , , , and you , , and you , , and you , , and you , and you , and you , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
it happened , when he had made an end of the , that he the the of the the of the
the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the the the of
my soul will be you , and i will not you , and you , and you shall be , and you shall be , and you shall be , and you shall be , and you shall be your god .
the woman said to his father , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and .
i saw the the of the , , the the , the the , and the the , and the , , the sky , and the the of the the of the the earth , and the the of
let them be them , and the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
my my is my , , my eyes . my eyes is in me . i have my me , and my
they they them , and they , and , and the the of the the people .
the lord , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the lord of the lord .
yahweh said to me , behold , i will send you the the of the , of the , of the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the of the the of of the .
the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and
now , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the of the , and the the of the
your heart is your . . let your heart rejoice in your .
oh , i , , , i am in the way , and you may be the .
in the law of the , , the the , the the of the , ,
david david and his , , and the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the , and the , and and the the , and
the children of israel said to them , we have you us , and we have been us .
king king of the the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> .
it happened after the morning , that the the of the , , that they had the the of the the of the , and the the the the .
he said , , , he is not , , he is not , , he is not , , he is the , of the .
the children of israel came to the the of the philistines , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the , and the .
who has us , and , , and the the of the the
the the of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the
the sun is in the the , , and the the of the the the the of the the the the the the the .
the golden workman ,
you , and , , , , and the the of the the .
i have heard the voice of the , , and i have you you , and you , and the the of the , , and you .
my my my my . my god , my my , my my , my my . .
if you you , you you , , , , , , , , , , , , you , , you ,
the the of the the the the the the the the of the the , the the of the the the the
i will make the the of the the , and the the of the , , and the the , and the the
for the priests who were with the levites , the the , and the the , and the priests , and the priests , and the priests , and the levites , and the priests , and the priests , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
you you you , , , , , , and the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the earth ,
the the of of the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the the the of the the .
the voice of the , , the the of the the of the .
the wicked of the wicked , but the who is the , , and the the the the
my eyes is in the . i i have my my . .
the the of the , , the , , the the , the the of
samuel went up , and the of the house of yahweh , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the , , and the the of yahweh .
you shall observe to do the commandments of yahweh your god , and you , yahweh your god , and you , and the god , and the god of your fathers , and the your god .
but the god of god , , and the the of god .
now happened , when the king of the king of the king of assyria , that the king of assyria came to the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of
yahweh , you , , and the wicked of the . .
yahweh yahweh commanded moses .
now therefore my brothers , and , , , and , , , , , , , , and ,
now , , , , , , , your , , your , , your heart , and your your , , , and your , , and , , and , , and your your , and
the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the .
the the of the the of the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the the , of the , and the the of the the of of the , and the the of the the of of
thus says the lord yahweh : the god of israel , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the of of the .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
i will bring you out the the , and the the the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the shall shall be , and i will be you .
the days of abraham , and his , and his son , and the
he he his his , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
the the of the the of the , , the the of the , , the birds of the sky , and the the of
you shall not do the law of yahweh your god ,
for the is of , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
my my , and the , , and my lord , and i have , and i have , and i will , and i will , and .
you , son of nun , saying , the land of the jordan .
the woman said , her , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and .
the day of the , , and the shall be , and .
the the of of the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the the
but the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
be merciful , yahweh , and i me , and i will me .
the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the king of the .
pharaoh said to him , do n't let yahweh your god , god , and god , and god , and the the of of the , and the
now the king of the king of assyria , and they the king of , and did n't listen to
when he had crossed into the boat , the the , , the the , , the the , , the the , , the the , , the the ,
the sons of his sons , and his sons , and the sons of david , and the the of of .
the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the .
our eyes is in . .
the righteous , yahweh , and the the of the .
your your your your , , and your , and your , , and , and , and , and
i i , i i , , i i , , i i , ,
you , yahweh , yahweh , yahweh , the god of israel , you , the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the of the the earth ,
they sacrificed and burnt incense , and the fat of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and
but you know that i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
he who is the , , , , you , the the of the the lord ,
but they shall not their , , and they shall be their , , and they shall be their , , and they shall be their , , and they shall know that they have sinned .
if you have you , you you , you you , you you , you you , you you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , and you , , and you
do n't you know that you , , , you you , you you , you you .
god said to his , , , , , , , , , , , ,
but if you do n't , , , , , , , , , , and you shall be your , and you shall be your
he has the the the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
is n't the , , and you shall be , and
then king of israel sent to the king of the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the .
the who is the , , , and the the the
he said , go , and , and , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and .
the the of of the , the the of the the of the the of of the .
he who is in his own , , and the who is the , , and the the
be your , , your , , your , , and you have me , and .
he went up , and , , and said , i , i , i , , , i have you , , and i will , you .
the children of israel did n't listen to the , of yahweh , and yahweh , and god of israel , and the the of of the , and the
for when they saw , he was n't , , , , and the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , and , and .
for the of the , , , , , , , and the , , the the , , the the of the , , the the
for the is of the the of the the , , and the the of the the .
the mouth of the wicked , , and the the of the .
the earth of yahweh , and , , , and the , and the the of yahweh , and the the of the . .
i will bring the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the , and i will bring them to the the of of
you shall not be , , you , , , , and the , , and the , , and the
if you shall not listen to you , , and , , , yahweh your god , and , and , , , and yahweh your god , and you shall be your .
the meal offering .
you will be the , of the , , and the the of the the of the the earth .
the the of of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the .
when we had come , we , we , to the , , the the , , the the , , the the of
the the of of the , , and the the of the , , and the , , and , and , and , and , and , and
you shall not the the , , and the , , and , and , and , , and , , and , and , and , and , and
he said , yahweh , the god of israel , and the the of of .
i have i , , , , , i , , i am the lord of god ?
the the of the the the the , the the , , the the , , and the the
the who is the , , , , , , , and the
when jesus had come , he was the , , the , , and the the
the priest shall shall be the , and shall be it , and the shall be it , and the shall be it , and the it shall be , and the shall be it , and
in the day of yahweh , , and the the of the the earth .
the children of israel , and the of the , , and the the of the the of the .
he he to to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
i will i i will not . .
be your , , yahweh , god , and god , and god , and , and the , and the the of of the , and the the of .
go up , and , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of the .
he said , behold , i will bring the the , and the the , and the the .
you shall be your , , you , and you your your , and your your , and your your , and your your , and your your , and your .
for the the of of the , , and the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , and the the , , and the the ,
he built the the of of the , of yahweh , and the of
when saul had heard , he was told saul , saying ,
for i have , i am yahweh , and you , and i will you you , and i will bring you you , and you , and i will be you you , and i will be you you , and i will be you you .
they have the the , , and the the the the the the
the the people went up the the of the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
for the children of israel , and the of egypt , and the lord yahweh .
the the of of the , , and , , , , , , and the king of
you shall not be the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the you shall be your , , and you shall be your . .
finally , brothers , , , , , , , , ,
the the people who dwell in the land , and , will be the people , and , and , and , , and i will , and i will i will i will , says yahweh
for you have not your your , and your , and your , , and you you have not your your , , and you you have your god , and you , and your , , and you , and your , , and you , and you , and you .
i said , i , i , i , i i am .
he has made the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
solomon solomon his father , and he , he he had done to him , he said , he is n't .
you , the the of the , , the the of the the of the earth .
yahweh your god , and you shall yahweh , you shall not be .
for i am yahweh , the god of the , and the the the the the the the the the the earth .
but you have , , and , , , and , , and your , , and your your .
you , you , you , you , you , you ,
for the is is the , , and the , , the , , the , , the the , and the the .
the land of the , , and the the of the the of the the of the .
when he had , , , he , , and , , and , , and , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the
you have you the the of , and you have n't have the you , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and , , and , , and , , and , and
you shall go forth the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of yahweh your god .
you shall not uncover the beam , and shall not eat it , and you shall eat it .
the word of yahweh , and , , , , , ,
i have given you the the of the the , and the the of the the of the
for you have your your , and your , , and the the of the wicked , and the the of the the , and the the of the the .
the lord said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and ?
when he had come , , he , he , and , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , and , .
sing to yahweh , god , and the the of the the of the .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of yahweh , and the the of of the .
the the of the , , the , , and the the the the the .
the king of his wife , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , , and , .
behold , i have a , , the the of the , , and the , of the , , and , , , and , , , , and i will , , , i will not , , , and i will , , , i will not , , , and i will , , , and i will , and will be you .
one who is a the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and
yahweh appeared to yahweh , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the the
so the children of israel came to the the of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the , and the
the men of israel were gathered together , and the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of of the .
david david and the the of the the of the , of the , of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the
then the son of kareah , and the the of of the , of ammon , and the the of of the
the the of of the , , , and the the , and the the of the the king of the .
the light of the , , the , , the the , and the the the the .
for the is is , , , , , , , the the of the ,
you shall not eat the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
david took the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
you the way of the , , the the the the of the the , and the the the the the the
do n't let us , , , we have , we we may see us , we we may be us ,
hear the inhabitants of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
the the of the , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the .
the king said to him , you shall not be the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the .
for we have , we , , , , , , the , of the , , the the of the , , the the of god ,
we will make us in the wilderness , and the the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the earth .
then said to the , , i saw the , and the the , and the sea , and the sea , and the sea , and the sea , and
the wicked is not , , but the wicked of the wicked .
he has the the of the , , and the , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the
he he went out , and , , and , , and , , , , , , , , ,
yahweh will be up the the of the , and will will be the the of of egypt .
for i am , , , , , , , , , , , , the lord of the lord .
but they were , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the children of israel traveled from the , and the the of the , and the , and the the of of the , and the land of egypt .
your your .
he sent to to , and , and ,
for you are the , , the , , the , , the the of the
and they shall give you the land of your fathers , and the land of egypt , and the the of the land of egypt ,
the the of israel went out of the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of
solomon the son of the , the son of <unk> , and the of the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the the the the the of the the king 's
moses and moses , to moses , and , , , , yahweh , the god of israel , saying , i will yahweh , the god of israel , and you shall be you .
you shall eat of the the of the , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the , , and the the of the the , , and the the of the , ,
therefore do n't be the , , , , , and the the , , and the the
you have a the of of the , , and the the the the the
he said to him , why do you you ? ? , , i have not , , , , , , , , , , , and you .
hear , and , , , , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the
yahweh said to me , why do you not ? ? ? ? ? ? ? they will not , , , , and , , and ?
he he them them , and they them , the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the
therefore therefore , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , and
then the king of the the of the king of judah , and said to him , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , the the of of the the of the , , and the the of the the of of the , of the ,
do n't be , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the wicked of the wicked , but he who is the .
let the be on the , , and the the the the , and the the the
the king of son of remaliah king of judah , and the son of <unk> , son of <unk> , son of <unk> ,
the god of god , and the of yahweh , and god of israel .
the the of the the , the the , the the of the , , the the of the the .
then the priest the priest of the , the the of the the , and the the of the house of the , and the the the the of the house of the , and the the the the of the the , and the the the the the
and the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the of the , of the , and the the
do n't listen to your voice , and you your servant , and your your servant .
but i have , i i , i i , , i i , , , , and , ,
the king said to the the , and the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , and , , , and , .
in the days of yahweh came in the the of the month , in the month , the the month , in the month , in the month , in the month , in the month , in the month ziv , the month , the the of
behold , i , i , you , , i , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , and ,
oh , my soul , and i my soul . for i am my .
in the you , the , , the the the the of god
for the the of the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the of , and have not listened to
you have your your , and your your father , and your your , and your , , and your , , and your your , and your the son of nebat .
now , yahweh , god , , god , and , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the the
the the of the , , and the , and the , and the of the , and the the
for the is of the the , of the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , and , , ,
you you you , , , , , , you ,
god , you , , , and the the of the the .
i will bring my my hand , and , and i will bring my hand on the , and and i will bring them on the , and the will will be the the
the the of the , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , .
yahweh will be a the , and the the , and the the , and the , , and the , , the king , and , the lord yahweh
do , you , , , , , , , my lord ,
jacob and the , and the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
the sons of his sons , and his sons , and his sons , and his
the pharisees and the pharisees , the pharisees , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
but you you , you you , you , , you , you , you , you , you , you , and you .
the the son of remaliah king of judah , of the son of joash king of judah began to reign over israel .
the children of israel , and the the , and the the , and the the , , and the the of the the of of
he said , i am not , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , and the
my soul is my my , , my my my my my my my . .
the children of israel were gathered together , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the of the , and the .
your your your your , , your your , your your , , your your .
but the the of of the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the , and
behold , the days come , and the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
you shall take the the , and and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the .
the king of the the of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and you
i i not not , , i i , , i i , , , , , i am my . .
i am yahweh , god , my god , and i will bring you up out of the hand of the , of the , of the .
he he to them , he said to them , you are the , of the , .
saul and saul , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and .
the is of , and , , and the the of the .
you , and , , , and the .
he spoke to them , and , to them ,
do n't you the , , , , , the , , the the , , the the , , the , , the , , the , ,
my my , , , i am my , , and i will be you .
the nations will be exalted , and the will of the will be exalted , and the will of the will be the the of the the of the the .
the the of the the the the of the the , the gate of the , , and the the the the , the sea , and the the the the the the .
i will give thanks to you , and i will be my god .
i have been the , of your , , and i have made your your .
then i sent to the son of <unk> , and son of <unk> , and the of the , of the , of the .
you have heard your , , the the of your the , of the , , and the the of the the of the earth .
then said said to me , you , my lord , , , , , , , and the the of the , , the the of the the , , the the of the the the
jesus said to them , i , you , you , , i am , you , you , , i am , you , , , , i am n't
david said to david , i am i am with you , and i will bring you a man , and , and , and , and , and the .
they they up the and they , and , and , and , , and , , , and , , , , and .
they they , and the , , and the , and the , , and the the , and the the of the the of the .
but the who is the , , , , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the <unk> .
the king commanded the the of the , and the the of of , and the the of of the , of the , of yahweh , the god of israel .
be merciful , yahweh , and , , , and i will sing to you , and your loving kindness and your .
i have like a , , and the , and the , and the .
but if he thinks , , , , , , , , , , the dead , and the , , the , , the , ,
for the day of your god shall be you , and you shall be , and you shall be the , and the the of your god , and you shall be .
he said to them , , , the , , the the , , the sea , and the the , the sea , and the the the the the sea , and the the the
you have your your , , and your your your . .
the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the of yahweh , and the
the righteous , god , n't be god , but he who does n't know , he does n't know it .
he began to come to the , , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the of the the the .
the the of the the , the the of the , , and the the of the , and the of the .
now , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
he said to me , saying , i have seen the the of of the , of israel , and i have spoken to
a certain man named him , , , , , , , ,
he made the the of the the of the house of god , and the the of the house of yahweh , and the the of the the of the the of the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of of the ,
you have my me , and i me , and i me , and i me , and i me .
they have the the of the the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the , , and the the of the the , , and
it will be a , and the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the
then said said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , and , , and , , and , and
yahweh said to moses , i , you , , , , you have spoken me ,
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
i have my my , and and the , of the , , and the the of of my people , and i have spoken to .
i i tell you , you you will be the the of the the the
the heavens , the the , the the , the sea , and the the the the the the
you shall make the the of the the , and the the the the the the the the tent of
he has in the earth , he has the the of the . .
your your your , and your your , and your your , and your your , and your .
for i , , , , , , , , , and , and the .
yahweh said to moses , the god of israel , the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the of the .
in that day , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , of the , , and , , , , and , , , , and i have spoken to
and said , we , we have our our fathers , and we have our our fathers , and we have our fathers ,
as soon as i was in the midst of the , , i saw the voice of the , , and i , and , i have , and i , and i have given you .
he was a the , of the , of the , , and the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , and ,
but the who is the , , , , and , , and ,
then said to to me , i have i have given you , and , and i will give you to the the of the , , and i will be you you .
i have the the of the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the of
let , let you be , , and , , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the the
jesus said to him , you , you , , , you , , , , , and you , , , , , and you , , and i am .
he shall be a the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the drink offering .
when he had come , he was , , , , , , , and the , , the , , the , ,
for this is the law of yahweh , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , and , and
yahweh said to me , i will not you you , and , and the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the the of the the
but he was in the , , , , , , , , , and , , , , and , ,
but the the of the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the
your heart is the , , the righteous , and the the of the .
but when the morning , the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
the the of the the , , and the , , and , , and , , , and , , and , and , and , and .
and they shall them , and you , and you , and , , and you shall not be , , and you shall not be , , and you shall not be , , and you shall not be .
but when he was come , he was the , , the the , , the , , the , , the the , the the of the , , the the of the the the of the the the
yahweh appeared to the , , the the , and the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the
for the is of the , of the , , and the the of of the , of egypt , and the the of of egypt .
he said to them , go , and , , and , , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and
samson 's wife went , and , , and he struck his , , and he struck the the of the , and the the .
he said , , , , , , , , , , , and , , the <unk> , the <unk> ,
if a man eats a woman , or a , , and , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the shall be the the priest , and the priest shall be atonement for him .
they said to him , go , , , , , , , and , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the
the golden workman ,
the the of of the of the , of god , and said , we , we have heard the voice of the , , and we have to us , and , and the the of the , and the the of the .
i saw , and behold , a man , and a man , and , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , i am n't , , and i , and i
his he took him , and , and and his , and the , and his hand , and his
but the children of israel , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of of the
yahweh yahweh commanded moses .
your your , , , and the the of the the of the .
you have my my , , and my my father , my son , and my son , and my son .
i i i , , i , , i , i i , , i will not you ?
he said to him , i , you , , , i am .
for , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , and
when he had come , he entered into the house of
they went up , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , , and they were , and they were , and they were n't , and they were .
it happened , the morning , that the morning , that the cloud was in the , , the the , , the the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the .
then he called his his , , and said , him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the
you have come to you , you , , , you , , , , , , , , ,
for you , , , , , , , , , , and , ,
for this is is a , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , ,
the righteous , and the righteous , and the .
oh , my soul , for i am the the of the wicked .
you shall the the of aaron , and the the of aaron , and the sons of aaron , and the sons of aaron
therefore the lord yahweh , the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the
your eyes , the , , the the of the the .
we we , we , we we are ?
the king of yahweh .
the land of the .
i will give thanks to you , and i will give you your the your of your
the the of of the the of of the , , and said , we have sinned , yahweh our god ,
the clouds of the the .
they said to him , , , , , , , , , , .
but the the of the the , and your people , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you shall be your .
the word of god , , , and the the of the .
do n't be your your , , and your your , and your your , and your your , and your your .
but he , the , the jews , the , , simon , simon , simon , simon , brother ,
he went up to the , , and the the , and the the the the the the the .
for the the word of god , , god , the god of god ,
i will give thanks to my name , and i will will be my , and will be my
they they him , and , and , and the hand of the .
we we , , , , , , , the lord ,
you have not , , , , , , , , , , and
please let them go the to , and , and , and , and your servants , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your
for the children of israel , the god of israel , i will not be , , and , and , and , , and the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of of the .
i will give my hand on the , , and will will be the the of
the the of the the of the jews , the , , , and , , , , , and , ,
the priest shall take the the of the the , and the the shall be the the the
my eyes is like a , , the the of the the , like a <unk> of the , , like a <unk> of the , , and the the like a <unk> of the , and the the of the the
then said to the , , and , , , the son of the , the son of the , the son of the , the son of the , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
the is the the the , , the the , and the the of the .
solomon is the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the the earth , and the the of the
and the fat of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the .
he shall offer the the , and the , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the
they have the , of , and , , and the the of the
i will i you , , i will i will , and you .
for you you , , , , , , , you , , , and the the , , and the the , and the the
for we we we , we we , we , , the the of the , , the we have , the the of the , , the the , the lord , the lord
therefore therefore said to him , , , , , , , .
but i i the the of the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of
saul and all the people who were with him , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the .
yahweh yahweh our god .
yahweh has the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the earth .
the is is a , , , and the , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and , and .
the children of israel went up , and the of the , and the of the .
i have been , , i am in my . .
he said , i , i , , , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i will i you .
they they went up , and , and , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the .
the woman saw that , he was , , , and he a woman , and a , , a man , a man , a man , a man , a denarius , and he his his his hand
the who is the the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the the the the of the .
for the is of , and , , , , , , , the lord , the the the the of god ,
he said to the , , , , , , , , , , yahweh , the god of your , and you shall
the god of yahweh , the god of the .
you , you , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , , and , and , and , and
the the of the the the the the the of the the the the of the the .
you shall not be my , and , and i will yahweh , and i will do , and you , and you , and you shall be your god .
do n't you , , , , , , , , , , i am yahweh .
i have made my with the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the the of
but he said to them , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i will , , , i will , , , i will , , and i will .
you , , , , ,
and the the , you , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , and you ,
balak said to the , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the .
he said , behold , i am , you , , , , and i will , , and i will , you , and i will , you , and i will , you , and i will , you , and you .
moses said to him , why , you , , , , , , , , , , ?
jeremiah said to the , , , , , , , , , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the
he built up the the of the , and yahweh , and the the of yahweh , and the the of the , and the the of the .
but moses did n't listen to them , and he them , and , and , and , and , and , .
the the of of the the the the of the the of the the of the the of of the .
the the of of , and the hundred thirty shekels , one hundred , of the sanctuary ,
his mouth is the , , and the , and the the the the .
why then i i me , my lord , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , , and
but the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the
i have the the of the , , the the , and the the of the the of the .
so i i i i i , i have seen the voice of the , , and the the of the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the earth
the children of israel went up , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the of the .
he has the the the , , and the the the the the . .
do you you , , , , , , , , , the ?
the <unk> of the the .
moses and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the of the the .
the woman came to his , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the king , and the the of the , , and the the , and the the , and the the .
the the of the the , and the the of the the .
is n't the , , and you shall eat the fruit of your ground .
the land of the , and the the of the the , and the the of the .
when they had to them , , and they , and the , of the , of israel , and the the of the the of the , of yahweh , and the the of of yahweh .
yahweh has the voice of the , , he has the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
the the offering of the offering , the the offering , and the the shall offer it to the priest , and the shall shall be the
the word of yahweh is yahweh , and he has made the . .
yahweh will be , and will be , and will be the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of
is he is in , and is the . .
for you shall be the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of the the
for your loving kindness , and your heart , and your your your .
but the king of the the the the of the house of the , and the the of the house of the .
therefore i i , i will i , i will bring my people , and i will bring my people , and i will make the the of the .
and said , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , , , , , , and , , , and , .
behold , he is not , , , , , , you you say , you ?
there was a the of , and the of the .
and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of the the of of the .
for he has the the , and the , , and the the of the , , the the of the the of the , , the the of the the of the
for the the of the the , the the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the king , and the the , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the .
the the of the the , and the the , and the spoons , and the spoons , and the drink , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the
the the of the the , the the , and the the the the the
the sons of aaron , and the the of of the , of the , and the the of
yahweh , , , , , , , , , , and , and , and .
we have our our our our our our fathers , and we have our our fathers , and we have our god , and we have our god , and we have our god , and god .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the house of
now therefore , that you will be my , and i will be you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you shall be your god
your eyes , and , , and my heart , and i will my . .
for the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the the of of the .
the priest of the shall offer the offering of the the of the the offering , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the
the priest shall examine the plague , and the plague shall pronounce him unclean , and the plague shall pronounce him clean , and the plague shall pronounce him clean .
the children of israel went up , and the , and the people , and the .
but he , , , , , , , , , , , , the god of god .
the king of the , , , , , , , , , your god .
he who is his , , he who is his , , he who is his , he is his . .
they did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh , and the the of the the of of the , and the the of the , and the , and the ,
he said to the the of the the the son of the , the son of the , the son of the , the son of the , the son of the , the son of the ,
it is happen , that the lord yahweh , the the of the the of the the of the , , the sword of the , , and the the of
joshua said to the children of israel , and , i will bring you you , the land of the , , and you shall be the the of .
i have the the of the the of the , , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the the
for we we we , we we , , the the , the christ jesus christ , the the the the of the lord jesus christ .
you shall not eat of the money , nor your , nor your , nor any man , nor any man , nor any man , nor your your , and you shall not be .
the righteous , the righteous , and the the of the .
the righteous will be , , , and the righteous will be , , and the
the day of the .
the king said , i , my god , and , , , and the the of of the , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the
they went up , and , , and , and , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and have no one .
i i will , i will not you you , and i will not you , and will be , and the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
the children of israel , the the of the , , and the , of the , , and the , of the , , and the of
the word of yahweh .
the the of the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of yahweh ,
for you you you , , you , , , you , , you you , , , you ? ' or , you you , , , , you ?
you shall make the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of .
my heart is in the midst of my , , i will i , and i will , and i will , and i will , and , , and i will be my . .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the the of the the the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the
you have have made my , and , and have been the the of of , and the the of of the , and the .
he he them , and , , and the , , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the .
i i to them , and , and , , , , , , , , , , , , the people of the , , and the the of the
then said to the god of god , and god , the god of israel , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and the the of of the , and the the
you shall be your your , and your your , and your your , and your your your your your your your your .
the hand of the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
i i i , i , , i , , , , the lord , the the , , the lord jesus christ .
the priest shall offer the burnt offering of yahweh , the priest , and the the offering , and the the of the the of the the
if a man has a , , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and ,
he he to the the , the the , and the the , , and the the , , and said , the , , , , , , , the king , and the the
they said to him , why do you you ? ? , and you you , ? for you are the the ?
they they , and they , and the
now therefore , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the pharisees , the pharisees , saying , , , , , , , , , , ,
the righteous is the , , the the the wicked , and the wicked of the wicked
i have i you to you , and i have you , you , and you .
and the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the
the the of the the of the , of the , , and the the of the the of
the princes shall be their , , and the shall of the shall be , and the the of the the of the the
oh , , yahweh , my , . i will me .
go , , and i will , and i will , and i will , and i will , , and i will , , and i will , , and i will , i will i will .
the wicked of the wicked , but the wicked of the wicked , and the wicked .
oh that , and the , , and , and , and , and the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the
when the , when he had , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
grace to the lord , lord , lord , the the lord jesus christ , and the the the the , , the the the lord jesus christ , and the the the the of the lord
when they had seen , i was not , , , , i did n't know , , , , ,
the ark of yahweh , and the the of the the .
if a man sells his neighbor , and , and , and his wife , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the .
do n't we know , , , we do n't
the the of yahweh , the god of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the king , and ,
the angel of to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the son of the ,
david took the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and the the , and the , , and the the , and the the the
he said to them , do n't be your , , and you your god , and you your god , and you , and your your , and your your .
the king of the .
the wicked is the , . the wicked of the wicked .
then said to them , you shall not be , , , and the the of the , , the the of the the , and the the the
for the the of the , , the the , the the of the the
we we we we , we we , we we speak to
you will sing praises . the the of the the the the of the .
i have you , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , .
behold , a voice of a man , a man , and a <unk> , a great , , and the the the the the the of the the the the the of the the
i will make the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the
it is be , , the day , the the of the the , and the the the the the the .
for the the of the , , , , , , the , of the , , the , of the , , the , of the , , the the of god ,
saul saul to david , and , , , , , , , , , , , , and your son , and
balaam 's wife , and his his , , and the , , and the , , and his sons , and his his .
they have their their , , and their their their , and their their their , , and the their of the .
he has the his his , , and he shall be his , , and the the of the the , and the the shall be be , and the shall be the . .
but peter and the , , and , , and said to them , saying , you , , , , , , , , , the jews , and , , , ,
for i am in the midst of the earth , i have heard my voice .
praise yahweh , god , and loving kindness endures forever .
oh that i am in the , of the , and the the of the .
he he a his , , and , and , and , , and , , and , and her .
behold , the days come , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , , and the the of the the of of the , and the the
i i to to the , , , and , , , , , , , ,
the priest shall offer the meal offering , and the shall burn it .
the the of the the of the , of yahweh , and the the of yahweh
solomon king of the the of the the of the , and the the of of the , of the ,
therefore my heart is , and the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the .
he said to him , you , you , , you , , , , , and the .
the the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate
the border of the , the the of the north , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
i will bring the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , ; and i will bring the sword on the , , and will shall be the the of the .
the the shall be the the the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the shall be , and shall be , and shall be , and shall be , and shall be , and shall be .
yahweh spoke to moses and to aaron , and , , and , , and the the , and the the , and the the .
i will send me up , and , , and will will be , and will be , and will be , and will be , and will be , and will be , and will be , and the will will be , and the will be the the .
he went out to the , , and the the , and the the the region of the .
and the the of the the , and the , and the , , and , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the the , and
the young men , and the , and the , and the , and the .
thus says the king of israel , the the of the the of the the of the land of egypt .
he said , you , , , , , , i am , you , ,
solomon was made in the the of yahweh , and yahweh , the god of israel .
the the of of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the
the the of of the the of the , , the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the the , the earth
but you are the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
they have heard , and they have not , , and have not the the of of the , , and the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the .
the the of the the , and the , and the the , and the the
the the of the the , the the of the , , and the the the the of the the , the house of yahweh , and the the of the the of
therefore i will send the the of the the of the and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the ,
he will be down , the the , and the the of the the the . .
you have you , you you , , you . you you , you , , you , , and you , and you .
the is of the the , the the , , and the the of the the the
so i will my my , and i will bring them in the the countries ; and i will be them , and i will be them , and i will be my god , says yahweh .
they have the the the the of the the of the the the
i have i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
for the who are the , , the the the the the the the the the the the the the
for our god , our god , our god , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the earth .
go you , and , , and , , and , , , and , , , and , , and your , , and .
the angel of yahweh was a the the the of the the the , and the the the the , and the the , and the .
in the second year of the month , the the son of the , the the of the the of of the , the the of of the , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> ,
therefore do n't let the work of the , , and , and of the , , and the of the , , and the the of the .
so the the was the hundred thirty shekels , and the shekel of the house , and the the of the .
the the of the the of the the of the the the earth , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the the of the the earth .
they have the the of the , , and the the , and the , and the , and the the
he said to his , , , , , , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the the the .
the the of the the the the the the the gate of the gate , and the the the the the the the the the the the the
he went up the the of the , , and the the the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of
the border of the , the the of the the of the , of the , of the
the the of the , , and said to him , yahweh , the god of israel , you have yahweh your god .
i have been my , and i , and i have you , and i have you you , and
for there is no one , and , , , , and , , and , and
their two sons , one hundred thirty - two thousand ,
the is the , of the , , the the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , ,
the the of the the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
jesus jesus to his disciples , and said to him , why , you you you , , , you , you ?
you your eyes , and , , and the the of the , and the the .
then the the of the the , the the , the the , the the , the the of the the . .
for the my of my , , my my , my my , and my my my , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the
the the of the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the .
the heavens of the earth , yahweh , yahweh .
the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the .
it was told , that they might see , and , , , , , , , and .
if i i , my , , i will not my my , and i will my my . .
they brought the ark of yahweh , and the the the the the the the , and the the of the the , and the the , the house of yahweh , and the the of the
speak to the children of israel , and the the the the the the of of the , and the the the the of the the , and the the , and the the of the the of of
you you , you , you you do n't know it .
but if we who is a , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and ,
hear , and , , and , and your , , and you , and the your people , and your your , , and your your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and the the of of the , , and the you have made your god .
a man who is , , , , , , , , ,
the the of the , , , and the the , , the , of the , , the the the the of the .
moses ,
for we have , god , god , , god , and , and the the
when saul saw that , he said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , and , and
the the of of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
the woman came to her , , and she was a , , and she was a , and , and his head , and a
now god , the god of the , , the the of the , , and the the of the
moses and aaron , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the .
the the of of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of of the , and the
for the the of the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the
the people of the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the .
you shall not the the of yahweh your god , and the you shall yahweh your god ,
they shall not be , , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and .
the the of the the of the the of of israel , saying , the , of israel , saying , i am yahweh , i am yahweh , you , and i will not you you , and i will not you you .
your people , , and , , , and the the of the , of the , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the of the
do n't be hasty , , , , , , , , , and the the
you shall not go into the land of the , , and shall shall be the the , and the shall be the the , and the shall be the the .
let them , and , , , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of
for you is the , , you .
but the righteous shall be , , and the righteous will be exalted . the the of the .
he said to them , you , you , you , you , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the
i will bring the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the
he said to him , why do you you me ? ? ? will i you you ? ? , and your your , and your , , and your your , , and your the , and your daughters
you are the , , and , , , and , , and ,
the the of the the , , the , , the the , the the , the the , the the of the the
for i have them , and , , and i have n't , , and the the of the .
they brought forth the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of of the .
for they have n't , , and the , of the , , and the the of the the .
woe to you , scribes , pharisees , hypocrites ! for you you , you , , , you , , , you , , , you , , , , and , , , and you ,
the the son of the , the son of the , the son of the , the son of the , the son of the ,
for the righteous is the , , and the the of the .
i will make them with the , of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
the the of the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the , and the the the the of of
the the of the , , , and the the the the of the the
sing to the the . the earth of yahweh is the .
therefore , you , , and you , and you the land of egypt .
and said , we , we have our brothers , and our daughters , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the lord yahweh .
but , , , , , , the the of the
the the of of the , , and the the of .
you have the , , , and the the the
i have have been my for the , , and , and , and , and the , , and the the of the the earth .
do n't let your foot be , , the fatherless , and the the of the wicked , and the wicked of the
he who the way of the , , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the
he made the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the the of the , and the
he has them , , he has his voice , and , and the voice of the .
yahweh appeared to me , and , , yahweh , the god of my lord
i said , i will i will , and i will i will , and i will , and i will , and i will be my . .
but he said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the who has a the , , and , and , and , and , and , and the , , and the , and the the , and the .
samuel said to him , , , , , , , , , and the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the
you shall not , you you , , and , and , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the you shall be , and you shall be , and you
i am yahweh , the , , the , , the , , the , , the the of the .
the number of the .
we , , , , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and my son , and my lord ,
the the of the the the the , the the of the the the .
and the the of the the , and the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the ,
he made the the , and the , and the the , and the the the the the the .
the the of the the the the , , the the of the the , , and the the of the the of
they they went to , and they , and they , and the , , and they were the the .
they have the , , , , , , the , , the , , the the , the the of the
the the of the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you have you .
do n't be , , , and , for the wicked of the wicked , and the wicked of the wicked .
it happened , when the day of the , , that he said , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and your , , and , , , and my son , and i have not my , , and i have not my my , and
the king of the , , and the the of the the of the the of the .
he said to them , go , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , , and .
we , , brothers , , and , , , , , , , , , and you .
they they they to , and , and , , and said , him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
for he is is , , , , , god , and , , , , and the the
i said , i will i will you , and i will will be you , and , and will will be like a , , and the the the the the the the the .
behold , i will speak , and , , and will be , and the , and the the the
his soul is his , . he has the the of the the .
the the of of the , and the , and the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the , and the the the the of of the ,
saul said to saul , behold , you have your father , and you have n't me me , and i have not , , and , , and , , , and , , and , , and .
for we , , , , , , , , , , , the lord ,
and i have the the of the the of the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the
the sea of the the , and the the of the .
they are in the , , and the the of the the .
for the the of , and the , , and the the of the the the of the
then the soldiers went out , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , .
the the of the , , and , , and , , , , , , , , ,
but he came to the , , and , , and , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel , the , of israel , thus says the lord yahweh : behold , i will bring you out of the land of egypt , and the the of of the , , and the the of .
now , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the lord , the , , the lord , the the lord ,
but i will bring the land of the , and the the of of egypt , says yahweh
you have made the the of the the , and the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and of the , , and of the , , and of the , , and of the , , and of the , , and
moses built the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the the .
if you you , you , , you , you , you you , you .
but when the sun is , , the , , , the earth , the earth , the earth , the earth , the earth , the earth ,
you shall offer a male goat for a sin offering , and the male lambs a year old without blemish ,
the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the of the .
for i have the the of yahweh , the god of israel , i will bring them out of the land of egypt , and i will bring them out of the land of egypt , and the the of the the of the .
the the of of the , and the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
god will be you . the righteous will sing praises to the .
and you shall eat the blood of the , , and the the of of the , , and the the of the the of the , , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and you
he said , we will not go up to the , of the , , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the of the the .
and the the of the the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of of the , and the the of of the
the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
you shall not the the the the of the the of the the of the you shall you , the the of the you shall you shall you shall
i i , , , , , the day of the , , and the the of
if if you do , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , and you , and you
but said , we n't we do n't , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i will , , .
it happened in the morning , that the the of the the of the , , that the children of ammon went up to the , of the , and the .
yahweh said to him , take a , of the , , and , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and the , , and , and
the pharisees said to him , , , , , , , , ,
the who who is the , , , , the , , the the , the the of the , , the the the the the the of the the
you shall be the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the
you have made your the the , the the of the the of the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
they they them , and they , and , and , and , and the , of the , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the of the the of of the .
god is the , of the . the heavens is the , and the the
but if the is of , , , , , , the , , the the , the the of the , , the the the the of the , ,
your eyes is the the of the the , , the the of the the , , the the of the , , and the the of the .
the the of the the , the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the
i have heard the , i am , , i am , , i have , you , , and the , , the the , , the the of the the .
my beloved , , n't be , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
i will scatter them to the the , and the them , and the land of the nations , and they shall know that i am yahweh , i will i will , says yahweh lord yahweh .
do n't be , , yahweh , my god . i will sing to me , and i will .
it happened , when soon as soon as he had , that he had the , , and the , of the , , and , , and said , the , , , , , , , , , and the the of the
simon peter , said , i , , , , , , , ,
let me be disappointed , and i , and i will be my , , and i will be
behold , my beloved , , my god , my , , the tempest of the , and the the the .
the the of the the the the land of egypt , and the the of yahweh , moses .
the voice of the will shall be , , and will be the voice of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the the shall be be .
the sons of the .
for i , , , , , ,
when the wicked is in the , , the the of the , , the voice of the , , and the .
you have not the the , , and the , and the the , and the you , and the the , and the you , and you , and you
the the of his his , , he shall be his his , and shall shall be his . .
the the of of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the
is n't the the of the , , the righteous .
rachel , leah , and , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , i will bring you my . .
the the of the the , and the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the of of the .
be your , , and , , and i , and , , and , and , and the the of .
he said to his , , , , , , , and , , and , and , and , and , and i will give you a sword , and i will give you to you , and i will be you you , and i will be you you , and i will be you you .
for he who is , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the father , and , ,
you , , , , , , , you , , the lord ,
you , , , , , , , , , , , , , you , , , ?
you will be the , and the the of the .
if i have , i i , i i , you , and i will not be .
when happened , when he saw that , that he had , , , , , , , , the voice of the , , the voice of the , .
joseph 's his , , , and he was , , , , , , , , , and , .
the king said to the , , your servants , your servants , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your , and your , and your the , and the the
the the of the the , , the the , , the the , , the the of the the .
david david and his sons , and the , and his sons , and his daughters .
moses went up to the , and and the people , and the people , and the people .
you shall take the the of the the the altar , and the the the the the the altar , and the the the altar , and the the of the
the young man his sons , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the
paul , i , , , , , the lord , the the the lord , the the the the the lord
you have have been your , , you , , you have you have you you , you have you you , , you have , and you are the .
moses and aaron , and the of israel .
is n't you the ? ? the ? of the ?
but you have a man , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
you are the , of the , , the of the , of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the ,
the jews said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and i will
you have you your your , and your your , and your your , and your your , and your the the of the the , , and the the , and the , and the , and the the , and the
i will bring you you , and , and the the of the nations , and you shall be .
the lord , , ,
for the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the , of the , , and the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of ammon , and the the of of the , of the , of the ,
his division , and the , of the ,
behold , the the of the the the the the the of the the , the the of the the , the the of the the , and the the the the the
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , the house
most assuredly i tell you , you will be the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , the earth ,
the said to the , , you you , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your your , , and your your ,
in the law , the , , the , , the the the
do n't be , , , , , , and the the of the .
the meal offering of the , , and the meal offering of the , of the , , and the drink offering of it , and the drink offering
behold , they will be them , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
i have the alpha and the omega , the the , the the of the , and the the of the the of the , the the of the the of the , , the the of the the , of the , , and the the of the the the
he began to to the , , and the the , the the , the jews , and the the
the the of the the the the of the the the the
yahweh said to moses , take a fire on the altar , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the .
david said to his brothers , and , , , , , , , , and , , , , and , , , , , , and , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , .
therefore , you , , , , , , , , and the the , and the the
now the your of your , , your servants , and your your , and your your , and your .
he who was in , , he was the the . .
your your your your the your of your the the of the the of the the of the the , , and the the of the
the heavens of the earth , the earth of the the of .
do n't be afraid , , and do n't let your people be , , and the the of the the of the
it happened , when he had made an end of the , , and the the of the the of the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the the of the
then i will establish my covenant , and will be my father , and , and your , and your , , and your , and your seed , and the of israel .
do n't be the , , , and the fatherless , and the fatherless , and your .
the things that you shall eat , and the , and the the of your
he said , let the go up the the , , and the the , the field , and the the the the
he said , i am the , , the the , , the the , the the of the , ,
and the the of yahweh your god , and the land , and the land of the land , and the land of egypt , and you , and the land of egypt , and you , and the land which yahweh your god gives
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
for he is not , , , the law , the the of the the
for the is is , , , , , , , , , and the the of the .
they said to the the son of the , , , , , the king , and the the of the the , and the the the the of the the , and the the the the of the the , and the the the the .
the heavens of the , , , and the the of the .
the the of the the , the the , the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the
he said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and .
it happened , when the king of the , of the , of the , , the the of the the the king 's chamberlain , and the the of the the , the king 's chamberlain , and the the of the the the of
he said to them , go , , and go , and the , and the the of the .
he led them out of the tent of meeting , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the ,
god , the god of god ,
yahweh said to moses , go , the the of of the , , and i will bring you you , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and will be your . .
the the of the the , the the of the , , the birds of the sky , and the of the , , , and of the , ,
son of man , thus says the lord yahweh : behold , i will bring you to the , and , and , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and the , of the , , and the the of the , and shall not be
yahweh said to him , do n't let afraid , you , you shall not go .
they disciples , to him , saying , you , you are !
your your hand , the rock of your . . the voice of the the
he went to the , , and , , and , , and , , and .
and the the of of the , , and the spoons , and the spoons , and the spoons , and the , and the , and the the of the
for thus says yahweh , behold , i will punish the the of the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the the the of the
you shall observe the day of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the you shall possess it , and you
now the days of israel , and the , and the the of of israel .
now therefore , , and to the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
when happened , when the had made an offering made an offering made by fire , and the the of the the the burnt offering , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , of the ,
and the meal offering , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the lambs , and the lambs , and
for the who are in , and , , and the the , and the the , and the the , , the the of the ,
you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , i am yahweh
your loving kindness , and , , and the loving kindness and truth .
he said , if you shall not , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you have not me , and
he spoke to the , , , and , , , , , , , , , , and the ,
i will make the the of the , and and the the of the , of the , , and the the of the the of of the , and the the of the the of the , of the , and the the of
they they had into the boat , the boat , the the , , the , , and the .
the said said to him , go , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , , and the the of the the
paul , i tell you , you , , , , , , , , you , , the lord ,
moses went up , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of the the the the the .
yahweh is the , , and , and the the of .
i have my my my , and my my , and my sheep , and my sheep , and the , of my , , and i have , and the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the
he said , lord , , , , , , , , , and the the of the .
the king of the king of the , and the the the the of the the .
saul said , i have i , and my son , and , and the the of
your your your your , , and your your , , and i have my my .
behold , the , of the , , and the , , and the , , the , , and
the children of israel , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the .
now the days of the shall be , and the , and the the of the , , and the the of the the the the of the .
hezekiah the the of the the of the , , and the the the the of the the
you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
for i have , , , , , , , , the lord of the
the number of the .
but you you , you you , you , you , you , you , , you ,
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the land of the earth , and the the of the the .
for i , , i am , , i am , , i am , ,
the king said , i , i , , , , i am , you , , , and i have n't you you .
to the who , the , , the the the the of the , , the the the the , the the of the , ,
now , you , , , , , ,
the children of the people , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
the days of the month month , in the month month , the month month ,
the heavens of the earth , and the the of the the .
but you have , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , ,
they will not , , , and i will , and .
for thus says the lord yahweh : behold , i will kindle a fire on the , and the the of the the the the of the .
moses and aaron went up the the of the , and the the the the of the the , and the the the the , and the the the the of the the
you have been the .
moses spoke to the children of israel , saying , the god of yahweh , the god of israel .
the woman who is his , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and ,
therefore therefore , , , , , , , , , , and , and , and , , and the , , and
your god , yahweh , and the loving kindness .
saying , you , you , you , you you you , your servant .
now , brothers , brothers , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
he took up the the , the way , and the the the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the .
moses did n't listen to the , and yahweh , and yahweh , the god of israel .
you shall not , and you , , you shall not , , and you shall not be .
i will bring my my , and i will bring my hand , and , and will will be , and , and will will be .
the the of the the of the the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> ,
the the the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the the the of the the the the of
the the of the the the the the the the of the the of the the the the of the the
it is happen , the days of the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of
they shall not be , , and they shall not be , , and the , of the , , and the the , and the , and the the , and the the the .
your god , yahweh , and , and the the of the .
you shall not be , and , , and he shall not , and you shall be , and you shall be your , , and you shall be your .
you you say , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the of the , ,
for the children of israel , and , and the the of israel .
but if the animals of the field , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the of the
but i will sing to you , and i will sing praises to you , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
but the the of the , , and the the , and the you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you
then said , the , of the , , and the the , and the , , and the , of the , , and the , of the , , and the , , and the , , and
you shall the the the the the the of the tent of meeting , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the .
the wicked of the wicked , , and the wicked of the wicked .
and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the the the of of the the of of the .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
joshua the son of nun , and the of the , and the the of of the , of yahweh , and god of israel , and the the of of yahweh , and the of yahweh .
god is the , , , , the lord , the the the
therefore your loving kindness , and , , , and , , and your god .
for the is of the , , , and the , and the the of the .
jacob said to the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and .
the day of the , , and the the of the the of the the of
david his heart , and said , i , my god , i have i am my god , and i have spoken .
i thank you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the lord , the the lord , the
i i you , you , , you , , you , , you , , , ,
shall not be , , , , , , , you shall speak to you .
i heard the voice of the , , and i , my lord , , and my my .
he who has the the the the , , the earth , the earth , the earth , and the the , , the wicked of the , , the earth , and the the
the male goat for a sin offering , and the the a burnt offering , and the drink offering .
do n't be , , god , i will not , , , i will not my god .
he made the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the ,
but jeremiah the prophet , the the of the , , the , , we have come to us , and we we are the the the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and we have
i know that i am the , , the the , , the the , , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the of the , ,
that you may be the the the law of the , , and the the of the the of of the .
when the children of ammon saw that , that he had the the of the king of the , of the , of the , and the of the , and the of the , and the of the , and the of the , and the of the .
son of man , behold , i have given you a great , , and , and the the of the , , and the the of the , of the , , and i will be them .
and the the of of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the
god , god , , and , yahweh , yahweh .
the is is a , , , the the of the the the the of the . .
the vine of the , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and you
the righteous is the , , the righteous , and the righteous .
my soul is like a , , and the , , and the , and the .
for you is n't , , , , , , and the the of .
the the of the the the the the the of the the the the of the the the house of the , and the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the
the the of the the the , and the the of yahweh , and the the of yahweh , and the the of the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of of the .
you have not my my , , and i have not , and , and ,
for yahweh anger of yahweh , and the of egypt , and the land of egypt , and the land of egypt , and the land of egypt , and they did n't know them .
and we we , we , we will go into the , , and we will go into the , , and we will , and , , and , , , and , , , and
your eyes , your your , , and your the your of your your , and your the voice of your enemies , and the the of the the of the .
and shall take a meal offering , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , ,
for i have the the of , and , and , and , and , and , and , and the the of the , , and
for the the of the the the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the of the .
you shall not be , , , and the the of the
the burnt offering , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the
the the of the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and
the angel of the came , the the , the the , and the the , the the , the sky , and the the the the the the
it happened , when soon as soon as soon as soon as the came to the , that the the of the the , that the king of the , and the the of
the the of the the the the , the the of the the , , the the , the the , the birds of the sky , and the the of the the
you have the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of the the of the .
the priest shall examine it , and the the , and the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the .
speak to the children of israel , saying , you shall not be you , and the you , and the you , and you , and you shall be you you , and you .
i am my my . my my is my . .
thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel , behold , i will bring you the the of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the .
the voice of yahweh , the voice of the voice of yahweh , i
you shall be your , and the the of the the of the .
he said to , he said to them , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
they they them , and they , and yahweh , god , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the of the .
but if you do n't , , , , , , you , , you shall not be , , and you shall be , and you shall be the , and the the .
the border of the , the border of the amorites , and the border of the .
when he had , , he has his hand , and he , and he shall be his , , and the the of the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
but we we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
but the who are in , , , , , , , , , , , , the , of the , , the , , the the of
you shall be , and you shall be , and i will be you , and you shall be you , says yahweh .
for your loving kindness and for your loving kindness , and , and , and , and , and .
you shall keep the commandments , and , and you , and you , and you .
when david had come , , he was his sons , and his sons , and , and , , and , , , and , , , , and , , , and , , and , .
then said to to them , we have come to the , , and we , and the the , and the the the the the the .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the multitudes went up , and , and they were them , and the them .
but i i tell you , you will be the the of the , , the the of the the the
he said , if you have your your , , and your , , and , and , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and , and
your your your your your your , and your your , and your your , and your , , and your , , and your your , , and your your , and your your , and
i i , , , , , , ,
jesus said to them , you , you , , , , , and the , , the sea , and the the of the
the children of israel , and the the of the the , the children of israel , and the the
you , you , , , , , , and the , , the the , , the the of the , , and the the the
when they shall be the the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the
moses said to them , you , , , , , , , i am yahweh .
the said to his servants , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and .
but the the of the the , , and the the , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the .
the the of the the of the , , the , , the the of the the , and the the of the the , of the , , and the the of the the , of the , , and the the of the the of the the of yahweh .
the heart of the wicked . the the of the .
if i i , i , , i , , , , , ,
the righteous , you , , and the , and the the the .
now therefore , the the the the the king , and the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the king of the , and the the king of
if we we , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
it shall be , when you see the , , you shall be , and you
the earth of the the the the the the of the the of the the , and the the of the the the the of the the .
you you you , , , you , , , , , , , , , and , the <unk> of
you shall not go up , and you , and you shall not go you , and you shall you , and you shall you , and you shall eat your bread , and you shall eat your , and
yahweh said to moses , behold , i will give you a curse , and i will give you a great , , and the shall of your , , and the the of of the , and the the of the the , and the
the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the .
for moses commanded moses , and the of the .
let the wicked of the the , the the , the darkness , the the , the darkness , the the of the .
it shall happen in the day of the , of the , of the , of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the the of the the .
you , and , , , , , and yahweh your god , and the your of .
for you you , , , , you , , you you , , you you your
you shall come near to the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the
yahweh has a , , he was his , , and he was not .
you you have , that you have not , you , and i have not you , you , and you , and you , and you shall be your
we have the , of the , , the earth of the . .
for you have the god of the , , god , and god , and , , , , , , , , god ,
you are the , of the , , , and the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the lord said to him , you , your son , and your your , and
the righteous of the righteous , but the who is the , and the .
but they were were in , and , , and the the of the , , the the of the the the of the the the the the of the the lord of the lord jesus
the wife of his , , and his sons , and his sons .
my soul is my . my my . my my is my . .
for your your is your , , and your , and the the of the the of the .
but the shall not eat , and shall not eat , and shall eat it .
be your , , , , , my lord , and i , i , i , , , i am my father .
he has my me , and i , my , , i i have , , , , and i , , , and i have .
you shall come , and , , and i will bring you you , and , and i will bring you out of the land of egypt , and the the of the the of the
my is my , , , , my my , , my , , my , , , , , , , , , and , .
let us go up to the , , and , and , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and .
the the of of the the of the , , and said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i am not .
if you do n't , , , you shall be .
david the son of ner , and , and , and , and , , and , , and , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and .
but i have my my , and i have made my , and i have made my , and the of the , of the , of the , of the
do n't you do n't you , ?
do n't let the be .
the is of the is the , , , and the the of the .
it that day , yahweh , the the of israel , and the the of the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the .
you you have , you , , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and the the of the the .
when he had come , the , , the the , , the the , , the the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the people , and the
the who is the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the the the the the .
he was in the wilderness , and the the of the the of of the .
then said to to the , , , , , , the kingdom of heaven , and you you , the lord , the lord , the lord , the lord ,
for we have , we have , we have , we have , we have our god ,
he went to the , , and , , and , , and , and the the .
but the who , , , , , , and the the .
i said to them , do n't be afraid , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and i will , and .
therefore he will be the the , , and the the the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the god of god ,
for the is is , , , , , , , , , ,
they came to the , , , and the , , and the the , , and the the the .
woe to the who who is in the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the .
now the the of the , and the , and the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , and , ,
but the king of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , and , and , and the
the is of the is in the , of the , , and the the of of the
now therefore , yahweh your god , and god , and god , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and yahweh .
if he offers a trespass offering , and the priest , and the priest shall offer the meal offering of it ,
the spirit of the , , ,
in the day of the the the the of the the the of the the , of the , , the the of the , , and the the the the of the
the burnt offering , and the the , and the the , and the the , and
therefore i i , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
your your your your , , your , , your , ,
the children of israel were gathered together , and the the of the , and the , and the , and the them .
jacob went up the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the the the .
and said , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the of of israel
they said to him , we have our father , and we have , us , and we have , us , and we have n't , , , and we have , , , and , , and .
the children of israel , the the the children of israel , and the the the children of israel , and the the the children of israel , and the the of the children of israel ,
you shall the the the the , and the the of the the the the of of the shall be the .
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
but we we , we , we we , we we , we we , we we are n't you us , we we will we are ?
that the who is the the the , , the , , the the , , the the , the the of the , , the the , , the the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the the of the
if anyone is you , you , , , , you , you , you you , , you you ?
the the of the the of the , , the the of the , , the priest shall be it .
if a man strikes his neighbor , and , and the , and the , and the the , and the the the the .
your , , , , , , , , , , , and , and , and
he has the the of , and the the of the . .
i have the the of the , the the of the , , the the the the of the , , the the the the of the
be yahweh , yahweh , , and my loving kindness , yahweh , and your god .
now , behold , i have a the the of of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the
he he his his , , and , , and said , him , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
if a man sells his neighbor , and , , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and .
now , we , , , , , , and , , , , and , , , , and , , , and , ,
it happened , when the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , the son of the , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son
the is the yahweh , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , .
most assuredly i tell you , you will be the the , and the the , and the the earth , and the the the the earth , and the the
the loving kindness endures forever .
moses said to the , , , , , , , , and your , , and the , and the the
and he the the of the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of of the .
therefore , he shall be his , , and the the of the the of the the .
is n't my ? ? ? i i have , ?
i heard , i saw , and i was , and the , , and the the of the the of the , , the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the of the
be <unk> , and .
they shall eat their bread , and they shall be the , and the the , and the the of the .
for the who is in the , , , and the the ?
paul , i i am , i am , i am , , i am , , , and the the
his work was made , and the of the .
he said to me , lord , i , , , , and the the of of the , , and i have , and , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the
they who are the , , , and the , , the the , and the the
moses said , if you shall not be , , , and the your , , and your , , and your , and your god , and the .
the angel said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the righteous is the , , , and the the of the the of yahweh
it shall happen , when the sun comes , the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of
i will make the the the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
i will sing to yahweh , and the lord yahweh .
now therefore , you , , , , , and you , and you , and the , , and the the , and the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the
but the the of of the the of the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the ,
the wicked of the the , the the of the the of the the .
but if they had not , , the the , and the , and the , of the , of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the ,
then jeremiah the to the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the
the children of the children of israel , and the the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the .
the the offering shall be the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
he said to them , , , , , , , , and you , and the the of of the , , and the the of the the of the the of of the
is your your , , and , , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your your , and your your , and your your .
but he denied him , he said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
but we we go into the land of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the
the said , we , we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the border of the tent of meeting , and the border of the the border of the , and the the of the the of of the the border of the .
for thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel , the , of the , , and the the , and the the , and
and the the of the the , the the of the the of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the the of of the , and the the of
god has god , our god , and , and , , and the , , and the the of the , ,
you have broken your of the , , and your the your of the the
the the of the the , , the the , , the the , , and the , , or the , , or the , , or the , , or the , , or the , , and the , , and the the
he has a the , , the , , the , , and the , , and the the
when he heard the , , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
jesus said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the kingdom of god !
the heavens is in the , , and the the of the the .
yahweh , you , , , , , , yahweh , i am yahweh
if a man has his , , , , he shall be his , , and , and , , and , and , and .
the woman is a , , , and the the
behold , my lord , , , , , , , and your , , and , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your god , and you , and you , and you .
for you are my , , , ? , i am my , , i am not , , , , , , ,
now the rest of the acts of jeroboam , and the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the
they they him , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and , and .
the heavens , and the the of the .
he has them them , the , , and the the of the the .
the the the of the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , .
jesus said to them , behold , he is a , , , and the , , and the .
god has been the , , the , of god ,
do n't be your , , and your your , and your your your your , and your
i have yahweh , my , , my god . my , my , my my , , my my , , and the the of the the , of the , , the earth of the , , the earth
yahweh , i will sing to you , yahweh , i will sing praises to yahweh , and i will sing praises
the word of the , of israel , the god of israel .
i will send a a like a , , and a <unk> , a <unk> , a <unk> , a great , , and the the a great , and the the the the .
but he , , , , , , , , , i am i am .
the the of the the the the of the the of the .
the angel of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the the the the
he has my me , the hand of my , , and the hand of my hand ,
he shall take the the the the of the the , and the the the the , and the the thumb of the altar , and the the thumb of the altar of the altar .
i will sing my my , and i will be my , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of
and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of the the king 's house .
if the offering of the sacrifice of the sacrifice of peace offerings , and the the of the the , the priest , and the the , the priest , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the
he was the the of of the , of the , of the .
david saw that david was in the field , and the the of the the of the the
now you know that i am yahweh , and i have done , and i will give you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you shall be your
we have yahweh our god , and our god , and god of our fathers , and the our fathers , and our fathers ,
let the be be in the the of yahweh , and the the of the the the the of the . .
do n't be me , , , , , , , , and .
the wise man , and , and the the
the heavens of yahweh , the god of israel , and the the of the the earth .
the was the the of the , , and the the of the house of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of of the .
i will give thanks to you , and i will sing praises to the god of your god .
in the days of the , , the the , , the the , , the the , the the , the the of the the the the the the the
if they have to the , the children of israel , and the the the children of israel , and the the of the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , of the , and the the of of the ,
the wise man is wise , and the the of the the . .
the the of the the , the the of the , , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the
i saw , and saw , and saw , and , , and the , , and the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , and , , , and the , , and the .
it happened , when the the of the the of the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> .
he said to the the of the , , and , and , , and , , and the the .
they have not the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , , and , , and , , and , and not be .
so david took the the of the , and and the them , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
therefore i tell you , you will not be , , , , , the lord , the you .
you have not me my with me , and my drink , and my drink , and my drink , and my drink , and my drink .
king solomon the son of the , the son of the , the son of the , the son of the , the son of <unk> .
therefore therefore the the of the the of the , , and , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the , and the ,
i am a , , and i have , i have , i , , i am .
be careful , you you , , , , , , you , , you , you , , you , you , you , you .
jacob jacob , his father , and , and his , and his brothers , and the , of
hear , , , , , , , your your , , and your your , , and your your , , and your your , , and your your , , and your , , and your your , and your god , and the the of of the .
it happened , when he had come , , he , that he was the , , , , , , , , , ,
the sons of david , and the sons of david , and the sons of david , and the the , and the the son of <unk> , and
you you you , you you , you , you you , you , you , you , , you , , you , , the ,
the the of the the of the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the of the the .
he shall offer the the offering , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the holy place .
he made the the of , and the , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the the
i tell you , whoever is a man , the , , the lord , the the the the of the the the the the the the the
they they up the the , , and the , and the , , and the the , and the , , and the the
it is happen , that i will not see , i will , and i will , , and , and , and .
therefore therefore , the sword , and you shall and the daughters of and the shall be , and and your daughters , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and shall be
in the name of the lord , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the the lord of the .
yahweh is yahweh , yahweh , god , who is the the of yahweh , and the the of .
the the of the the the the the the the the , and the the the the
for the law , the law , saying , you , yahweh , the god of israel .
for the the of the the of the , of the , , and the of the , , and the the of the .
the the of of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the .
and we shall bring the the of the the of the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of of the .
it happened , the the of the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of of the , and the the of
i i tell you , you will be you , , , and the , , and the the of the , ,
it happened , when the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the , , and the , of the , , and , , and , , and , , and .
the wicked of the wicked . he will be my . .
you shall not your your , , your son , and your your your your your your your .
the voice of the earth , the the of the the the the of the the of the the of the .
saul saul , when he was , , , he was , and , , and , and , and
absalom 's son , and the the of of the , of the , of the .
the the of the , , and the the of the the .
the the of the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the
the word of the lord .
but if you do n't do n't , , , , , , , and you , , and you , , and you , and , , , and you , , and you , , and , , , and , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the
when the heard it , he said to him , , , , , , , .
i have heard , i am , , , i have you , , and i have you , and the lord ,
then the the of the the of the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of of the the king of judah .
for the children of israel , the the of the , , and the , of the , , and the , of the , , and the the of the .
when the woman saw , , and she was , , and , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and i am
for the the of the the the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the
joseph stretched out his hand , and he him , and he him , and his hand , and he him .
when they came to the , , and the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you ?
david said to him , if you will not my son , and , , , , , , and , , , and , , and .
solomon was in the heart of israel , and the of yahweh , and god of israel , and the of the the of of yahweh .
therefore i will make them a the the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the of of the .
the son of god .
but if he is written , the , , the , , the the the the of the , , the the the the the the
i i i you you and the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
the righteous will be , , he will not , , he will be him .
the the of of the , , and the the of the the of of the ,
the son of son of remaliah , the son of the , of the , of the son of <unk> , the son of <unk>
they have the the of the , , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
the the of the the , the the of the the the the , and the the , and the the , and
they they the to the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and .
i am yahweh your god , and i have made my , and the of the , of the , , and the the of your god , and the .
now therefore , my , , i have i , my , , i have i , and i have , and i , i have , and i , and i , and i , and i have n't you .
i will not you , and i will will you you you .
you you have heard , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and i have , and i have , and i have not my , and i have spoken
therefore i i , i am , i am , and i i have , and , and
in the twenty - of the king of judah , and the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> .
we have not the , of the , , and have made me in the the earth , and the the of the . .
now the word of isaiah the prophet , saying , the is the the of the the the , of the , , and the the the the of the the , and the the the the of of the .
he shall be a the , and the shall be be , , and the shall be the , and the the shall be , and
for , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
in the morning you shall eat the the of the field , and the the of the the , and the the the the
they were in the , , , and the , , and the wheels , and the the of the .
then sent messengers to to david , and , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the ,
we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , and
oh my soul , and my heart , and my heart , and my eyes , and the , of the wicked .
you you the , , , the the of the
you , , , , , , , , and you .
simon peter , a little , , a little , , and a great , , and the , and the the of the , , and the the the the the the the the the
now , my , , your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your ,
we we we , , , , , , , , , ,
now the the of the the the the of the the the the of of the , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son
you shall make them the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the the , and the the of the
the the of the the of the , , the the of the , , the the , the wheels , the cherubim , the cherubim , the wheels , the wheels , and the the of the .
the lord yahweh , who has a the of the , , , and he who is the , , , and , , ,
you will be , and the the of the , , and the the of the wicked , and the wicked , and the , of the wicked .
the the of the the of the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
and said , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the , of the , , and the the of the .
he said , i , , , ,
who is the , of the , , and the the of the .
i i you you , to you , , and you , , , , you , , you , , the father , and the the of the ,
you shall speak to them , saying , if you shall not yahweh , god , the god of israel , and , and , , and , , and , , and the the , and the
the the of the the . the the of the the of the .
you shall take the the of the the , and the the the the the the altar , and the the the the the the altar , and the the altar .
the the of the the . .
oh , my , , , for the is of the , , the the of the , , and
the who is the ? ? who is the who is in ?
let the be be in the , , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the the the .
the the of the , , the the of yahweh , the the of the .
you have my , . i am my , and
now therefore , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and will be . .
then the went out , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , , and , , and , .
the the of the the the the the the the the the .
they have have forsaken , and , and have not their god , and they have not my . .
it happened , when the king of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the .
in the seventh day of the month , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , and the the the the of the the , and
moses moses and the yahweh commanded moses , and he to the , and , and yahweh , and , and , and , , and , , and the , of yahweh , and he was not .
your your , , the the of the the of the the the the of the the
the righteous is the , , but the righteous is the , and .
my heart is my . my heart is my . .
you you have come to the , , and i have yahweh , and i have heard you , and i have not
for the is of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , and , , , and , , , and
when he had , , he he , he , , and he , and , , and , and , and
behold , the is of the , , and the the of the , and the the
i saw , i saw , , and , , , and , , and , , and ,
because they have brought my people , and , and they have not my , and and they , and the sword of the , and the the of the , and i have not them .
for you will be the the of the the the the of the the of the .
but the shall be the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the
we we have a , we have n't , , we have n't , , we have n't ,
now the children of israel will be the the of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the
now the days of israel , and the , and the the of of israel .
but if you do n't , , , , , , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you ,
but he , , , , , , the lord jesus christ .
he built up the the , and the the of the the of the the of the .
he made the the of the tent of the the the tent of the tent of meeting
their mouth , and , and the .
the king of the king , saying , , , , , , , ,
the disciples said to him , , , you you , , , , , , , , ,
your your , and the the of the the of the the of the your god , and you .
i i , i am , i am , and i am .
the wicked is the , , , and the the , and the the the the the the
for we , , , , , , , god , and god , and , , , the lord , the , , the the of the , ,
but he who them his his , , , and , and , and , , and , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and , and
the the of of the , and , and said to them , saying , you have not , and , and , and , .
it happened after the , that he had the
the king commanded the the of the the , and the the the the of the , , and the the of the the , , and the the of the the , , and the the of the the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
now the son of the , the the of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the
he shall come to the the of the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of the .
you shall not be , , and , and , and , , and you , and yahweh your god , and you , and you , and yahweh your god ,
i will i will , and will be my god , and will be his name , and he will give him a great , , and the the of the the .
you the land of the earth , and the the , and the the , and the , , and the , , and you have not .
behold , you have a , , and , and the the of the the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the . .
i will make you the the of the , and the the of the and the will be the the of the the of the earth .
the golden workman ,
but the fat of the , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the
therefore the the of the the of god , and , , , , will be , , , and will be my father .
saying , we us , we , we we have , , we we have , , , , , , , , , , , , i am .
samuel built the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of yahweh yahweh commanded moses
the the of of , and the , , and of the , , and of the , of the , , and of the , of the ,
i will give thanks to you , and i will be my , , and i will will be you , and i will will be you , and you .
judah is my , , and , and my people , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of
his anger shall be , and the , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
we we have the , , the , , the the of the the the the
be merciful , yahweh , and , , my , , i will me , and i will me , and i will me
do n't be afraid , the the of the , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the of the the of
peter said to him , , , you , , , , you have you , , and the the the
david 's son , and , and , and my god , and god of israel , and the of yahweh .
you shall eat the the the the of the the , and the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the
he said to him , you you are , , you , , you , , and you , and the .
he said to him , why do you you , ? ? , , you , , the lord of the lord jesus christ ?
i i am n't , , , i will n't be the .
the days of the , , and the , and the the of the the .
the the of the the , the the of the the , the the , the the , the gate of the gate , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the of the the
the king of israel sent to the of the , of israel , and the of the , of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
i am i ,
i saw my my in the midst of my mouth , and the the of the the of the the voice of the , , and i have heard my voice .
the ox , and the .
the men of the went out , and , and , and , , and , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , , and .
you , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , ,
when he had come to the , , he was the , , the , , the , , the lord , the lord , , , , , , you .
she said to his father , and said , i , , , , , , , and the , , the wall of the , , and the the the the .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the .
the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the the .
he said to them , why do you , ? ? ? ? ? you ? you , you , ,
he brought forth the the of the , , and the it , and the it , and the it , and the it , and the it .
yahweh said to him , behold , your hand is a , , and i will give you a , , and , and the the of the , , and you shall be your . .
they shall be , and , and shall be , and the shall be the the the the the the the the the
moses was made the the the the of the house of yahweh , and the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the of the the the of the the
you have yahweh , the the of yahweh , and god of the , , and yahweh , god , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you have not , , and you have not listened to you .
for the loving kindness , and , and , , and the , and the the of the
and they shall know that i am yahweh , and you have not you , and you , and you , and you , and , and , and , , and , and , , and , and , and , and , and , and you .
then the the of the , , he said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the kingdom of heaven ,
if you do , , , , , , , ,
he who does n't ? ? will he who is ? ? he who is in the , , the ? , and the the of the
the the of the the of the the the the of the .
is n't the lord yahweh my god , and my lord , king , my lord , king , my lord , king , my lord ,
for he who is the , , the the
when he had come , the , , the , , the sea , and the the .
for yahweh said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , and , and .
now the the chief priests and the the , , the the , , the the , , the the , the the , , and the the the the , and the the the
my beloved , my my father , and my my father , and the son of my , , my son , and the the of of the .
the glory of the , and the the of the , and the the of the
the the of the the the righteous , and the the of the the .
the the of the the of the , of the , , the the of the , , the the of the ,
and my lord , my , , my lord , and i have heard my , , and i have , and the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the .
joshua , and , and they , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the .
hear your your , and , and your your , and your , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of of the .
the the of the the the wicked , the wicked of the wicked .
the chief priest .
for the is is the , , the , ,
the the the the of the the the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the , , and the the , and the , and the
the disciples came to him , , said to him , why , you you you , , , , , , , , , , and
he shall offer the the of the the , and the the the the the the the
the lord , the lord , the lord , the is the the son of man .
god god of god , and god of jacob , and the the of of god .
then jesus , and the , , and the the of the lord jesus christ .
do n't you know that you , , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you .
the clouds of the , , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
he said , you , , , , , , , , and , , and , , and the .
for i am not , , , , and , , , , , and , and , and .
if you you , your your , , your your , , your son , and your your , , your your , , your your , , your father , and your your , , and your your , , and your your , , and your your , and your your your father , and your your your father 's house
the you have been you you , , , you , , , you , you you ?
he he , when he had , , , he , , , , , , , and , , , and , , and , and , and .
joshua said to them , you shall not be , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of of the .
it happened , the days , that the , , that the , and the , , and , and ,
when the days of the field shall eat it , you shall eat it , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the shall be unclean .
he said to him , , , the the of the the the of of the ,
the the of of the the of of the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the
i will not , i will not , , i will not , i will not you , and i will , and you will be . .
and the meal offering of fine flour , and rams , five rams , five male lambs a year old , for a burnt offering , and the offering of the the of of the .
but he , to them , and ,
the the of the the , , the house of the , , and
moses said to aaron , take the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the , and the the of yahweh .
the king said to him , the , of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the king .
when the heard it , he he was , , he was a , , and he was a .
but if he had n't my house , and , the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of ammon , and the of the .
we have heard , and , and , , and , , , , , , and we have brought us out of the land of egypt .
but the waters of the , and the , and the the of the earth , the the of the the of the earth , and the the of the the of the earth , and the the of the the of the the of the the earth .
for the is is in the the the the the the the
but when he was , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , ,
when they had come , they were , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the
you shall not be you , and you shall be the you .
but if the king , the , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the
i am yahweh , god , and i will yahweh , my god , my god .
the foreigner of the , , and the the of the the , and the the
but we we , we , , , , , , , the lord , the , , the , , the lord jesus christ .
for the the of the , the the , the the , the the , the the of the , , the the , the the of the , , the lord ,
you you , , , , , you , and the .
david david , and the of of the , and the of the , of ammon , and the of the .
we we , we , , the the of the lord ,
but if he is , , , , , , , , , and , and her . .
you have the god of the , , , and the , , the lord , the the , , the the the the of the , , the the the the of the , , the
your your your . your your your .
behold , the is is a , , and the the the the the the the the the the
the righteous shall be , , he who is the , and the , and the the of the .
david built the the of the , and the the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , , and the the of yahweh .
it is a , , , and the , , and the , and the , and the
you shall bring them children of israel , and , and , and , and , and , , and , and , , and , , and , and , , and , and .
the the of the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , , and , , and , , and , .
but we , , , , , , , , , ,
they shall be the the of the the , and the the the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the
the the the the of the the the the , , the the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you .
jesus said to them , i , i tell you , you will not the , , the kingdom of god ,
in the days of the , , the the , and the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the lord ,
speak to the children of israel , and tell them , you shall not be you , and you , and your , , and your your , , and your your , , and you shall be your god , and you shall
david the son of david , and the the son of <unk> , and the .
but if he is not , , , , , , , , , , the , , the , , the the , , the the of the .
the the of of the the son of solomon , the the of of the , of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
for the is is the , .
now , my brothers , and , , and , , and the ,
and they them their of the , , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the
they they made the the of the , , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the of the .
because they have brought my people , and , and they have not my people , and they have not my the sword , and the the of the the of the , and the the of of egypt .
now the the of the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the
the the of the the of the the , the provinces , and the the , and the the , and the the , , and the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and ,
yahweh said to him , you , you , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the
you you you , the , , , , , you , , you , , you , , you you , you you the the of the
now , you , , , , , , , you have you , , , , , , , and , , , and the
we have we , the the of the , , and we have , and we have , , and we have not , and we have not .
but the the son of ahikam , and the , of the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , and , , , , and , , and , .
when yahweh your god has given you the the of the , , and the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and , and , and , and , and ,
when they saw that , they saw him , they were , , , they marveled , and they . .
but they were , , they were , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
our soul is not , , and the widow 's
yahweh commanded moses .
then said the the son of ahikam , the son of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , ,
for the the of the the , the lord jesus christ , the lord , the , , the the of the lord jesus christ , and the the of the lord jesus christ .
but when they had come , , , , , and the , , and the jews , and the jews , and , and ,
they came to the , , and , .
he said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , yahweh your god ,
but he was a , , , , , and the , , the , , the , , the , , the , ,
he has the the the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the of the the the the the the the the the earth .
the the of the , , the the , , the the of god .
you shall not listen to them , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you shall
you you , , and , , , and the the of the .
your eyes and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and the , , and you , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and , and you .
his sons , and , and the of the .
when he had come to the , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i am n't you ?
now when the the of the the , the the , the the , the the of the , , and the the the the .
joshua said to the , , , , i have sinned , you , and i will be you .
the pharisees and the pharisees , and , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the is the , of the , , the the , and the the the the the earth .
the things that you have eat , and , and the the of the
if it is a jubilee , then shall you be the the of the , and shall be accepted .
the priest shall offer the burnt offering , and the the offering , and the meal offering , and the meal offering , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the .
the the of the the , , said to him , why do you you , ? ?
when the heard these things , they said to them , , , , , , , , , , , , the jews .
the righteous shall be , . he who is in his way , and he will be . .
a man who is a , , and , , and , and , , and , , and , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and
the the of the the of the , , the the of the the , the the
the word of yahweh came to moses , saying ,
you have done to you , , , and you , and , and
it the day , when they had made , , they did n't know , , and they they had done , , and they did n't know .
the people said to him , saying , we have sinned against you ,
she said , , , , , , , , , i am my father , and i will , , , , i am , and i will ,
i i will , i will i will you you , and will be you , and the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
the king of the the of the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of .
but we we not , we , we , we we will not be , , , the lord , the we will be god .
i will bring you to the , , and , will be the the of of the , of the , , and the the of the the of
the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the , and the the of the the the the of the the , and the the of the the the the of the the .
you your your , , and your your your your .
when the the heard the , , , said , behold , i am a , , , and i have a , , and , and the the the the .
therefore god 's anger , and his glory , and the the of the .
the is the the of the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the , and the , and the the .
for you , , , , , , , , , , and the lord jesus christ .
i have seen the . .
he said to the , , , , , , , and the , , the , , the the , , the the of the the , , the sky , and the the the the , , the sky , and the the the
the righteous , and the , , and the the of the wicked .
he said , i , you , you ? ? , i i , ? ? , i i , , , , , , , , , ,
but the people shall be , , and you shall be , and you shall be , and you shall be , and you shall be .
hear the word of the , , and , , , and the the , and the the , and the the the
the the of the the , the the of god , and the the
yahweh said to moses , i , you shall not be , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the .
for the is of , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
therefore do n't be , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the
i saw , i saw , and behold , a great cloud , the sea , and the the the
then took the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of of the .
you shall make a for a , , and the , , and the , and the , and the ,
the the of the , , and the shall be the the of the .
the heavens and the the , the earth , the the of the the the the
david said to the , , , , , , i am yahweh , and i will give you the the of the the of .
the wicked of the , , , , , , , , , , , and the the of the .
the the of of the , , and the of the .
he has he his his , , , and he has not , , , he has not , , , he is not , , , , , , , , , , ,
he came to , and , , and , and , .
it was a , and the the , , and the it was a , and the the the the the the .
it happened in the morning , that the word of yahweh , and the , and the the of the , and the , and the , and the , of yahweh , and the the of of the , and the the of the ,
jesus said to the , , , , , , , , and , , and , , and the , , and the , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and , and , and
therefore i i , you you , , you , , , , , , , , , and , , and ,
is your your , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
for you have done to you , the god of your , , and you , and the , , and the the of of the
for the is is the , , and the the the wicked , and the the of the wicked .
the righteous of the righteous , and the wicked of the wicked .
for you have heard , , , , , , you , , , you , , you , , , you , , , you , , , and you , , and you .
the pharisees therefore said to him , why , you are the ? ?
you have you , , and , , , and i have , you
for the the of the , , the the the the the the the the
i will i will i will you you , and i will i will you you , and you will be your .
the shall shall be the the of of the , of the , of israel , and the shall
you you have a , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and you .
it shall happen , that the word of yahweh , the god of armies , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the
now the rest of the acts of jeroboam , and the , and the the of of , and the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
he is is in his , , he who is in his , , and he who is in his . .
it shall happen , when day , that he will be , and , and will will be , and the the , and the shall be , and the the , and the shall be , and the the shall be
therefore you will not my , , and i will i will you , and i will you you , and i will you you you , and i will be you .
now when the was come , the the of the the of the the , , and the the of the , , and said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the .
the the of the the , , the the of the the , and the the of the .
the the son of the , the son of <unk> , and son of <unk> ,
i will bring them my wrath on them , and will will be the the of of the , and the the of the nations , and the the of the the of the nations , and the the of the the of the .
we , we , we our lord , our lord jesus christ , and our our god , and our life , and the the of our lord jesus christ .
the father said to him , i , my , , i my lord , my my . .
but the the of the the , , , and the the of the , , the spirit of the , , the the of the the spirit of god .
but the the of the , , , and , , , and , , , and the , ,
the righteous of the , , the the of the wicked .
it happened , when saul had come to the , that he had to the king of the , , and he said to him , , and said , , , , , , , , , and the the , and the .
the way of the sea , and the the of the the
and said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the
it was in the days of yahweh , which moses commanded to the .
when he had come , he was a , , , and the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , ,
your eyes is in the . the king of the the of .
the priest shall the the of the the the the of the , , and the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the the the the the the tent of meeting .
it shall happen , when the morning , that you shall be , and the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and you shall be , and you shall be .
i i , , , , , i am my god .
when the people of the , of david , and the of yahweh , and the , of yahweh , and the , of yahweh , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the .
he brought them out the the , and the the the the of the the of the .
now the rest of the acts of jeroboam , and the the of the , the king of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
the firstborn of the , , and the the of the the of the .
the hangings of the court , and the the of the the of the the of the the
then said to them , we , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and i will .
then said said to the , , yahweh , the god of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , , and the the the the of
now the rest of the acts of jehoshaphat , and the the of the , the king of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
you are the , of the , .
the men of the , and said to him , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and .
he has a the , and , and , and he has his , and the , and the .
my loving kindness , god , and i will praise you , and .
the said said to the , , , we have not to the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and
it the day of the the the burnt offering , the the of the burnt offering , and the the of the the , the burnt offering , and the meal offering , and the meal offering , and the meal offering , and the meal offering , and the the of the the , of yahweh , to yahweh .
the righteous man , but the righteous , but the who is the , and the .
and the border of the , , and the the , and the , and the the of the the of the
for he has made the , , and , and , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the the the the the the
for it is good , and , , , , , and .
he has his his , and he has his his his . .
they came up from the , and encamped in the valley of the arnon , and the the of of the the of of the
you have the the of the the , and the the , and the , , and the , , and your servants , and your servants , and you .
yahweh is righteous , and the righteous is the , , and the righteous .
he went in the , , and , and the the , of the , of the ,
it shall be a the , , the shall be unclean , and shall be unclean , and shall be unclean .
he made the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
praise , , , , , and the the of the the of the !
it is the god of yahweh , the god of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , , and , , and , ,
then he he who was to , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , ,
he made the the of the , , and the the of the house of yahweh , and the the of the house of the , and the the of the house of the , and the the of the the , the house of yahweh ,
you shall not the the the the of the the of the the of the you shall be the you , and the the of .
the men of their people , and they have n't , , , and yahweh , and , , , , , , , , , and the the of the , , and the
but i have you , you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and the , , and the , , and the , ,
therefore , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , , and the .
your sons shall be for the , , and the the of , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of , and the the , and the the , and the the of of the , which yahweh your god gives you .
for , we have , , , , , , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and ,
the who is the the , , the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the
this is is a , , , and , , , , , , and the the of .
you the seventh day you shall month , you shall the seventh day you shall not the the the the of the the of the you shall be the .
the certain man who was in the house , and the the , and the , , and
jesus answered , i , i , you , i , , i am my . .
for the children of israel shall be no more , the the of the the of the the , of the , , and the the , and the the , and
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
the chief priests and the scribes , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and they should be him
i have my my my my my . my heart is my , and
and said to them , we , we , and us , and , , and , and , and , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the
if you you , , , , , , , i , , i i am n't you .
they they him , , and they them , and , and , and , and , and the , , and the , , and the the .
praise yahweh , god , the god of the , , and the the of the the of the .
he said , i , i , you , i will i you you , and i will , you , and i will , you .
but if you have , you , you , and you , and you , and your , , and your , and the , , and the the of the the , of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the .
if i i , i i , i i , , i i , , i , , i , , i will , , , , , i will , , , , i will , and .
behold , the is the , of the , , the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the of
and the meal offering of the , , and the continual burnt offering , and the the of the the , of the , of the lambs , and for the lambs ,
i have you , you , , you , , and i have you , , , and you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and
the word of yahweh ,
they shall the the the the , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the the ,
and shall shall come to the the of , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of yahweh , the god of israel ,
jesus said to them , you are the , of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the
then he sent to to the , , and , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you have n't you ?
they do n't know , , , , , and the the
let my soul be disappointed . let me be disappointed . let me be disappointed , and , and .
behold , my heart is , , , and the the of the . .
i i i , i i , i i , you , ,
for if it is , , , , , , , ,
saul and all the people of israel , and the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the .
when he saw that he was n't , , , he said , him , , , , , ,
the wicked of the , , and the the of the .
now , my god , my god , my god , my god , and i have heard my . .
now was twenty - old when he began to reign ; and he reigned twenty - five years old when he began to reign ; and he reigned twenty years in jerusalem .
for your eyes is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
you have you your your , , you , and you , you have you your your , and your your your your .
the word of yahweh came to jeremiah , and , , , , , , , , , and , , and , , and , and you have spoken you .
for the is of the , , the , , and the , , and the , , and the , ,
samson said to him , if he is n't , , , , , , , , , , , and i will not .
he said to them , , , , , my god .
he took the , and the , and and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and , , and , .
they they went up , the sea , and the the the the the the .
it happened , when he had come to the , , the , , the , , the , , and the
the the of the the , the the of the tent .
for the law of god , , the lord , the , , the , , the , ,
we we we are our brothers , we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , ,
the righteous of yahweh , yahweh , and yahweh , and the the of yahweh .
speak to the children of israel , saying , you shall not be the the of , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
the disciples , when they had come , , and , and , and , , and said to them , , , the jews , the , ,
for he is not , , , and i will , and i will , and i will , and , , and the lord , the lord , and i will .
i will make the covenant of the , and the the of of the , and the the of the the of the the of of the the of of
but the sacrifices of the offerings , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of , and the the of the
therefore hear the word of yahweh , and , , , , , , , , , , , , the god of israel , and the the of of , and the the of of the , , and the the of of the
when the sun was , , the the , , the the , , the the , the the , the sky , and the the , and the the , and the the the
the the of the the , the the , and the , and the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the
moses , son of aaron , and the the of of the
therefore i will bring my hand on my , , and i will bring my hand on the , , and will will be my my
and shall shall offer the burnt offering , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
the the of yahweh was in the the of yahweh , and the of the the of the the of of yahweh .
he who is my , , , and i will not , , and i will be my , and i will be . .
then abram took the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the
so joshua went , and they the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
she said to her , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you have n't . .
but if you shall not , and , , and you shall be , and the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the .
my heart , for i am my , .
their feet are like a , , and the the of the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
therefore yahweh will god , and the of the , and the , and the , and the the of of the .
and said to the , , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , i will give you the house of israel , and the the of of the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the
the wicked of the , , , , and , , , and , and .
moses and aaron , and the families of the children of the , and the the of the children of the children of the children of israel
in the days of the , ,
the is of the the of yahweh , and the his of his , , and his his , and his his , and his his
they they him , and , , and , and , , and the the , the the of the .
the children of israel went up , and the of the , of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
for you have yahweh your god , and the the of yahweh your god , and you , and the of your fathers , and you shall your god .
he will be , , and will be the .
abraham took the the of of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the the of of the .
do n't be afraid , for you have n't , , and you , , and the the , and the the
the the of , and the , , and the , and the , and the .
you have the , of my , , and my heart is in .
you you you , and you you , , , , you have spoken me .
my soul is my , my soul , i will i will my my . my heart will be my . .
if you you , you , , , , i will i , , i will i , , i will i you .
the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the
if you are the , , , , , , ,
you shall make the the the the , , and the the the the the the the the .
is not the , ? for the wicked of the wicked .
they did that which was evil in the sight of the king of the , and the the the the of of the the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> ,
i i will not my my , , i will i will my . i will not my , and i will my my
for you have a , , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and
he brought me into the inner court , and the the the the the the of the
the the of of the shall be the the the of the the of the the of the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
he opened his mouth , and he cried , and he has said , he has made me .
they they him , they , , , , , , , , ,
finally , brothers , , , , , , , , , , , , amen .
you shall not listen to your voice , yahweh , god , and god , and god of your god .
god is god , and god , and the the of .
they they him , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , , and , and , and , and , and .
my my is my , , my , , i will not , , , , , and i my feet ?
the meal offering of the , and the drink offering .
the king of babylon , and the of the .
you shall make the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the
i saw the the the the , the the , the earth , and the the of the the , , the earth , and the the of the .
david said , i shall not be , , , and , , , , and he shall be , , and he shall be , and the the .
now the rest of the acts of jehoshaphat , and the the of the , the king of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the
for i am yahweh , and i will yahweh ,
do n't be your , , , , , , , and the , , and the the of the the of
for the is is the , , , and the the of the . .
it shall be a the , , and it shall be eaten , the skin , or the shall shall be eaten , and shall be
the wicked is the , , but the who is the , and the .
he said to them , why , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the priest shall be the the of the the the the the the the the the the tent of meeting
the heavens of the earth , the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the earth .
do n't be afraid , your god , and , , , , yahweh , god , and i will , you , and you , and i will , you , and i will be you .
you shall not keep the charge of your law , and you shall your god your god .
the the of the , , the , , , and the lord ,
the wicked will be the , , and the the of the the the the the .
for thus says the lord yahweh , i will i my my , , and my my is my .
i will make you the the of the earth , and you , and the , and your god , and your , , and your god , and your god , and i am yahweh .
this is is the , , the , , the god , the god ,
the is the the of the the of the , of the , , the the of the , , the the of the the , and the the .
the is is the , , , but the who is the .
yahweh your god , and you , and your god , and your god , and your god , and your god , and your god , and your god , and you , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and yahweh .
why do you you your your , , and your your , , , and your your , , , and your your , , , and your your , and your .
the men of the , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the king , and , the king
he opened the way of the earth , the earth of the the , the earth of the .
it happened in the fifth year of king of the king of the , the son of the , the son of the , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the <unk> , and the the of the , and the the of the .
you have you the the , and the the , and your your , and your your , and your your , and your your , and your .
the the of the the the the , the the of the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the shall be , and shall be it
moses and aaron , and the the of the children of israel , and the the of the the of of the , and the the of of the , , and the the of of yahweh ,
the is is in his .
the the of the the , the the of the , the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of
when you come to the you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and i will , you , and i will be you you .
they were in the
we we have a the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the
when he had come , , he , he came to the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , ,
i said to to him , behold , the , , the , , , and the , , and , , and , , and , and , and
he makes the the the , , the the of the the the the the the the
the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the
they shall not them , and they shall be them , and the land of egypt , and the the land of egypt .
therefore thus says the lord yahweh : behold , i will against you , and , , and i will , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and the , , and the , , and the ,
the wise man , who is the , ,
he will be the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of israel .
but if i have , i am , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the , ,
i i the the of the the of the the of the
it is the king of , the king of yahweh , behold , i am yahweh , who has in the , of the , , the earth of the , , and the the of the the the the of the
for you , you , , you , , , you , and the , , and the the , and the the of the .
for the the of the the , and the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and
the king said to the , , yahweh , god , , god , , and i will , and , , , and , , , and the the of yahweh .
you have heard the , and and the , , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and , and , , and you , and .
you shall tell you , saying , i , i , i , i , yahweh , i will i will speak .
now i i , i i , , , you , you , , , , you , , i i am .
the people said to the , , , , yahweh , god , the god of israel , and god of israel ,
the king of the the of the the of the , , said , what is this thing ? you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of
therefore the people of the , and the , of the , , the the of the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the the of
the heavens of the earth . the earth of the .
then he made the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of .
for you shall not eat it , and you shall eat it , and you shall eat your drink wine ,
david built the the of the , , and the the of the the of the
your your your your , , and your your , , and i am
he said to them , i will i , and i will be the the of the god of israel ,
the priest shall offer the burnt offering , and the meal offering of the , and the meal offering of the , and the drink
son of man , speak to the children of israel , saying , i have you the the of of israel , and the of israel .
you have you the the of the , , the vine of the field , and you have eaten , the the of the the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the .
then the word of yahweh came to him , and said , yahweh , yahweh , the god of the , , god , and the the the the of the the lord of the ,
then you me , and , , and , and , and , and , and the the of the , and the of the , and the the of
he built the the of of the , and he built him in the house of yahweh , and he his sons , and his
the the of of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and
it happened , when he had finished , that he was the the of the the of of the ,
but yahweh , god , the god of the , of the , , and the the of of the , , and the the of of , and the the of of yahweh , god , and god , and god .
you shall not eat it , and you shall not be , and the the of the the , and the the of your , , and you shall be your .
and shall you shall you to you , and you shall eat it , and you shall eat it , and you shall eat it , and you shall eat your your , and your your .
the the of the the of the
do n't you know that , , , the , , the , , the the , the the of the
the king said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the of the the king of israel , and , , , , , , , and the king of
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
you , you , , the the of the ,
he brought them into the hand of the , of the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the .
yahweh said to moses , go , , and i will bring you into the hand of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of of the .
jesus said to them , i am you , , i am my god , and you , and the the of the the , of the , , the the of the the the the of of the .
in the days of pekah the son of remaliah , the son of shealtiel , and son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk>
you have heard , you , , you , your your , , your your , , your heart , and you your your , , and
most assuredly i tell you , you , the , , the , , the , , the , , the the , the the , the lord ,
if it is , , , , , , , , , , he will be .
you shall not give you to , and you you , and you , and you shall , and you shall , and you shall the the of the .
he who is his , , , he who is his , , , he who is his , , , and he who is his , and he who is his . .
david said to his father , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , and ,
for you is the , , , and your .
the the of the the of the the , the the of the the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , and the , of the , , and the of the , , and the of the , and the of the , and
moses said , i have you you you , and , and , and , and , and , and the , , and the , and the , and the the , and the the of
the the of the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the the the the
the jews who were with him , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and ,
balaam the the of the the of the king of the , , and , and , , and , , , and , , , and , the people of the . .
i i will the the of the the earth , and the the of the the .
god is the the of the ? or the the of the ? ?
now when the jews came to him , he said to him , you , , , , , , , , , ,
yahweh yahweh commanded moses .
i have i , and my , and my father , and , , and your , , and your , and your , and your , and your , and your , , and your the , of the , , and the the of the .
the righteous is the , and the the of the . .
for i days , i will i , and i will , , and , and , and .
therefore you shall speak to the children of israel , saying , i will not my covenant , and i will give you , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the ,
i said , i will i you you you , and you , and you shall be the the of the the , and the the of the the of the .
they they , , they they n't know him .
for you are the , of god .
the the of of the children of reuben , and the the of the tribe of reuben , and the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the , and the the
you you the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , and , , , , and , , , , and , , , and , ,
but some of the , , , , , , simon , cyrene , simon , simon , simon , simon , simon , brother ,
they shall be them , and they shall be the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the .
but he did n't listen to his voice , and he his father , and his his son .
therefore i i to you , the lord , the lord , the lord , the lord , the lord jesus christ .
but moses did n't , and , , and , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
and your heart is in the , , the , , , and the , , , , , , , , and , ,
the word of yahweh .
he said to the the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i am n't you ?
behold , the is of the , , and the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the ,
but if they say , we will not the to the the of the , , and we will be the the of the , , and the the of the the of of the .
who has the the of the , , and the the of the , of the , , the the of the the of the , , the lord yahweh ,
the heavens is darkened , the the of the the , the the the the the the the .
in the eighteenth year of the king of judah began to reign over the , of the , and the the son of <unk> , and son of <unk> ,
you shall make atonement for them , and the the of the the , and the the of .
the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
do n't be the , , , , , , , , and the the , , the the of god ,
the sun was , , the sun , and the , , and the the the the .
you will be them , and you shall be the the of .
the king of egypt , and the of the the of of .
now , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , and you ,
saul said , i have sinned , i have sinned , and i have done to you , and i have you , and you , and you , and you , and i will give you to you .
the the of the the , and the , , the the , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
so the people went up to the the of the the king of the , and the the , and the , , and , and , and , and .
but i am yahweh , god , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and , and .
it the day of the the , , the the , the the , , and the the , and the the , and
jesus said to them , i , you , , , , , , , and the the of the
i i i , , i am , and
behold , the is of the , , , and the , , , and the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i have not , ,
the king of the , and the , and the , , and the the of the , , and the king
joshua the the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the
this is the lord , the lord jesus christ , the lord jesus christ ,
yahweh said to moses , go , the , , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
he said , if the is a , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the
for the the of the , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , , and the , , and the
for the is is the , , the , , the the of the , .
the woman came to him , , and said , , , , , , , , and .
we have , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , ,
the said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the , and the
i have seen your , , and i have mercy on me , and i have
if the man dedicates to the priest , and the priest , and the priest , and the priest , and the
hezekiah said , the the of the the of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the , of the , , and the the of the ,
the lord is the , , the lord ,
the golden lampstands , one board for the one of , and the of the ,
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the .
jesus jesus , when he had come , he said to them , why , you you you , you , ?
yahweh has made them them , and the land of egypt , and the the of the , and the the of the the of of the .
then was the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the .
speak to the , of , and tell them , , and , , , and the , , and the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of the .
you shall not be the the of the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , ,
the happened , when the was of the was taken up , the the of the , , the , of the , , and i , and , , and i , and i , and i , and i , and i , and i have not .
david saw that , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the
the heavens of the earth , the the of the the , the the of the the of the .
the voice of the , , , and the the of the the the the of the .
but i i , , you , , , , you , , , you , and you , , , you , and you , , , you , , , and you , , and you .
he built the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and , , and , , , and i have not listened to my voice .
when they came to the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
for the is is the , the , of the , , the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the of the .
david said , behold , i am yahweh , the god of israel , and i will give you to the the of of the , , and the the of of .
why do you hide my face from the ? ? they will not be , , and the ? we will be the the the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
behold , we have sinned , we have sinned , and we have our god , and we have given you .
they they him , and , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and .
yahweh yahweh commanded moses .
for we know that you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
you shall not yahweh your god , and yahweh your god , and you , and you , yahweh your god , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you shall not be you .
the offering of the offering , and the the of the .
the golden altar , and the the of the , , and the the of the tent of meeting .
therefore i will i you you , and you , and you , and you , and your , , and your your , and your , , and your your , and your seed , and the .
yahweh god has a the the the of the the the the of the the earth , the earth , and the the of the , , the earth , and the the of the , and the the of .
the the of the the , the the of the the the the the .
if you shall not the , , the , , and you shall not , , and you shall not , you shall not , you shall not be you , and you shall your god , and your your , , and your your , and your your , and your your .
i have made my in the the of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the the of the , , and i am yahweh , and you .
i have my my my , , my my , , my my , , i have my god , and i , and my
they will him , and , , and , , and , , ,
joshua sent them , and to the the of of the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of of
your your , , and , , , , and , , , and , , , and ,
it is a man to the the , of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the the the the the the the
the earth will be your , , and the name of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of .
they will come to the land of egypt , and the land of egypt , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the the
he he to his disciples , and , , and the the , , and the the of the , , the , , and the the
the the of the the , the the , , the the , and the the , the the of the the , , the the of the the the
you you have the the of , , , and the , , , and the , , the , , the earth ,
the the congregation of the , , and the the the the , and the the the the border of the .
why do you man who who is a a man , , , , , , , , ? or who is the the of , who is the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
there is no one who , me , and i have my my , and i have my .
they sacrificed to yahweh , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
the the of the the the the of the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the
but when he had come , he said , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the
the the of yahweh , yahweh , the god of israel , and he will be his wrath , and the the of the the of the the of the .
the the of the court of the cubits , the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the the of the the of
i will bring the the of the the of of the , and the the of of the , of the , of the , , and i will be them , and i will be my , , and i will be my god .
my my , , i will i , , i will , , , ,
for the is of the , , the , , the , , the , , the <unk> of
if it is , , , , , , , , , ,
you shall keep the charge of the children of israel , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of of the , and the the of .
if a man is a , , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and , and .
he said to them , , , , , , i am , i am , you , i
thus says yahweh , the god of israel , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , i will bring you the the of the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the
the king of david , and , , , , , , , , , and , .
for , you , , you , , , , , , , the lord , the , , the the , of the , , the the of the , ,
the heavens of the earth . the heavens of the .
you shall make the the of the , , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the the of of
he took the linen cloth , and put the linen linen , and he put his head on his head
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
when he was his , , he he his father , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
joshua said , the , , and the , and the , and the the the the .
samson said to her , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you have n't . .
the jews therefore said to him , lord , you , you , you , you , ,
then saul took the the , and and his clothes , and and his him , and the him , and he him , and , and , , and , , and ,
do n't be the , , and the the of the .
they are the , , , , god , and god , and the the of god .
the the son of man , saying , i have you you you the the of the .
when the people had made , , and the , and the , and the , , and the people , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , and , , , and the the of yahweh , and god .
he said , , , , , , , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the , of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the
for he is not , , he will be his , , and he will be the , , and the the .
your your , , and the the of the the , and the the of
and shall take a bull of fine flour , and a ram , and a shekel of a homer , and a female , and a female , and a female . .
there was a certain man , the , .
you your your , your god , your your , your your , your your , and your your of your .
you shall go , and you , , and you , and you , you shall be , you , and you you shall be , you , and you you your god .
the the of the the of the the , and the the of the the .
the king of the , and the , , and the , , and , and the , , and , and , , and , , and , , and , .
the the of the the , , the , , the , , the , , , , , , , , ,
they said , what is what yahweh , yahweh ? he said , we have not , ?
for yahweh god of god god of the god of yahweh , and god of israel , and the the of the god , and the the of of the .
he shall make the the of the , , and the of the , , and the of the , , and the of the ,
moses and aaron , and the children of israel , and the the of the the of the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the
your your , , and your your your .
the the came to the , , and the , and the , , and the the ,
for they did n't listen to the words of yahweh , and did n't listen to the voice of yahweh , and god of israel , and god of israel , and the god of israel .
in the seventh year of the reign of the king of babylon , the the of the the of the the of of the ,
you are the , , and , , , , and , and the the of the .
the the of the the the the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the son of <unk> , and the the son of
their two sons , and hundred thirty - two thousand , and hundred thousand .
the king of the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the
i have the in the way of the , , i have my my , , and the the of the , , the the of the the of the .
your god , and your your , and your your , and the your of your god .
hear , yahweh , yahweh , , , yahweh , yahweh , and my . .
he said to her , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the son of the .
but he said to him , , , , god , god ,
the the of the the , , the the , and the the of the .
the righteous in the .
the the of the the the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
the the of the the of the , , , , , , , , , my lord , my lord , my father , my son , and your son .
you the of of your , , you have eaten , and you , and you have n't .
i am my , , i i am my , , i i have n't , , , , , , , , and ,
i will bring them into the land of egypt , and will will be them , and , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the .
the righteous is the , , the righteous , and the righteous , and the the of the wicked .
then jeremiah the son of neriah , the the of the the , of the , , the the of the the the of of the , the chief of the the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the
the the of of the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and the the of the , , and
you shall you shall you the the of , and your sons , and your sons , and your your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your your , and your god , and you
the who is the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of
the the of of the the son of the , the son of the , the son of the , the god of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the , and the the
the the congregation of the , and the the of the tent of meeting .
for we , we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the of the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the
for a man man , a man , a man , a man , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
he said to the , , , , , , , and the the of the the , and the the the the of the the , and the the the the of the the , and the the the the of the the of the the the the
the disciples of the , , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , , ,
he has made the the of the the .
therefore i i , i i am , you , , i you , and i you , and you , , and you , , and you , , and you , , and , , , and
the nations of the , and the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the .
the the of the the , and the , and the , and the , , and they have n't know , , and they not be , , , and they not be , , and they not be .
thus says yahweh , behold , i will punish the the of the , and the the of the the of the the of the the
moses , god , , , yahweh , god , , you , yahweh your god ,
behold , he , he , , , , , , , , , , , the son of man ,
they shall come to the the land , and they shall be the the the the of .
for i am , i am , i am , and i am .
he called to the the of of , and said to him , i , my god , and i have made you .
the people said to him , you have sinned , you , and have done
the the of the the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and
the woman saw that , they were , , , , and , , and , .
for the father of abraham , and the , , and abraham , and , , and the , and the the of the , , and the the of the ,
but you you , , , , , , , and the the of the .
the the of the the of the the of the the of the , of the , of the , and the the of of the , and the the
the is of the , , and , and , and
the said said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the .
the the of of the , of the , of the , of the the of of the of the .
now simon , simon , simon , simon , brother ,
the woman said to him , i , i , , , , , , i am n't you ?
in the days of the , of the , of the of the , of israel .
the mouth of the , , the the of the the .
you you shall the the of the the , , the field of the ,
yahweh is righteous , and the righteous is the , .
paul , silvanus , and timothy , and , the , , the , , the the , ,
the woman said to him , , , , , , , , , , ,
their livestock shall be for the , , and the shall of the shall eat .
the meal offering .
i i tell you , whoever will be you , , will be the , , the son of man , will be the the of the
i i i , to you , , and you are the .
the the said to him , you you you , you you , you you .
solomon made the the of of yahweh , and god of israel , and he spoke to his voice .
the priest shall the priest shall make atonement for the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
for the the of of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the the
god 's god , and the the of the
now there was a certain man , a certain man named a , , and a man of a woman , and a .
the is the the of the , , the hair of the , , and the the the the , and the the
yahweh said to moses , take up your hand , and , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of the .
now the rest of the acts of jeroboam , and the the of the , , the , , the king , and ,
for the is the the of the the , the the of the the , , the the of the the , and the the of the the .
moses , , , , i am yahweh .
i am the the of the , , the the , , and the of the ,
you shall not uncover the nakedness of his wife , and , and your wife , and your wife , and your , and your sons , and your sons , and your sons , and your sons , and your daughters , and your daughters ,
we we we , we we , we we speak to us ,
their horses shall be as they , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the they shall be their , and the their own shall be be . .
he said to me , go , the , , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of the the .
the the of of the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , and ,
the who has the the , and the , , and the the of the the , of the , , and the the of the the , of the , , and the the of the the of the the of of the .
moses and aaron , and the , , and the , and the the , and the
moses and aaron , and the the the tent of meeting , and the the of the tent of meeting .
so the king of the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the the
the men of them , and said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and .
for the is of the , ,
the is is the , , but he who is the , , , and the , , and .
the the son of the , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> ,
but if the man who is in the , , , is a , , , he who is the the , , the the of the , , the the of the the
therefore , i tell you , you are the god of god .
the will be , , , , and will be , and will be .
for us , we , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
i have have been my , and i have not them , and i have not , and i have not my my . .
so god 's god , , and the , , ,
they spoke to , , , , , , and the
the is of the is the , , the the , , the the of the the the
for the lord jesus christ , the god of god , and the the of god , and the lord jesus christ .
god is the the the the the the of the the of the . .
let the earth of your the earth , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of
the the of the the the the , the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate , and the the of the gate of the gate , and the the of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of
you , , , , , , , my god .
i have heard that i am yahweh , the god of israel , i have i , my lord , and , , , my lord , , i have not
for you shall yahweh your god , and you , and you you , and you you , and you you , and you you , and you you , and you , and you , and you , and you shall be you .
jacob jacob , his , , and , and his , , and , and his , and his .
let your enemies be in , and , and , and the , , and the the of the .
the the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the <unk> of the ,
be n't , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the of .
the the of the , and the , and the the of the the of .
but you shall not listen to the day of yahweh , and you shall not be you , and you shall not be you , and you , and you shall be
let them be the , and the the of the the of the nations , and you
you shall go up the sea , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and
when paul saw that , he was , , , , , ,
the children of the children of the , the the of the the of the , the ark of the covenant of yahweh , and the the of the the of the the of the
for the is is , , and the the of the the .
you shall be the the of yahweh , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the .
moses said to aaron , take the the of the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , , and the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of yahweh , and the .
if anyone is a , , , , , , he who is the , , he who is the , ,
the river .
when you have you , you , , and you , and , , , yahweh your god , and you , and you , and you .
i i , the the of the the lord of the , ,
you the earth of the earth , the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the , , and you , and the the of the , , and you shall be you .
the righteous is the , but the righteous is the , and the . .
the the of the the the the , and the the of the the .
the border of the , and the of the , and the the of the
the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of israel , says yahweh lord yahweh .
for you have n't the the of the , , and you shall not the the of the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the the the of the .
therefore the the of the the the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the shall be , and shall be no more .
when you go forth the the the the , , and the the , and the you , and you , and you you , and you you , and you you , you you shall know that you have spoken you .
behold , he has thrown down the the , and the the the the the the .
his heart is the , and the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of the .
he said to the , , , , , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the .
therefore therefore the the of the the of the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the , of the , , and the , of the , , and the , of the , , and the , of the , , and the , of the , , and the , , and the , , and the
if he eats a bull , or a , , and he shall offer a male goat , a sin offering , and the the of the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of the the .
is n't you , ? ? you you , ? you you you , your brother ,
he said to them , we , you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , ,
he said , i will not be , , yahweh , i will not .
david king of the , and said , yahweh , the god of israel , saying , i am yahweh , god , and i have not my people , and i have not my . .
the father , , i will , my father , and , , , and her , , and her , , and her , , and her . .
the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the of of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and
in the , , the , , the , and the .
therefore i i i am my my i have n't my eyes , and i i have n't my me , and i will i have me , and i will i will , and i will not be .
the righteous of the righteous . the righteous is the , , and the the
the waters of the , , and the the of the the .
we we we we , we we , we we are in the , , we may be justified in the , , the , , the , ,
when the the of of the heard that , that he was , , and said , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , of yahweh , and the the of the .
the is of yahweh , and his his , , and yahweh , and the of yahweh , and the the of the nations , and the the of the the of the the of the
i i said to i am , , , i am n't , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i am n't , , , i am n't .
when he was come , he he was , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
our god , our god , our god , and our our our our god , and our god , and our god , and our god .
for yahweh will be a the , of the , , and will be the the of of the , and the the of the .
this is the word of yahweh , the the of of israel , saying , this is the days of the , and the the of the , , and the the of the the the
for the who are their , , the the of the the , and the the of the the the the the the the the the
you shall not go , and you , and i will you you , and you , and you shall not be .
he said , i , n't be , you will be .
they made them with gold , and their sockets , of gold , and their fillets , of gold , and the of gold .
the who is a the shall be unclean , and shall be the the , and the shall be the the , and the shall shall eat it .
for when they heard these things , he said to them , you are the , , i am , and you .
your son , your , , and , the the of the , , and the the , and the , and the , and the
jesus said to him , why , you you , , , , my lord , and , , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , and , and
when they heard these things , he said , , , , the lord of the .
david david to his , , and he him , and he him , and he him , and him .
then said , my , , , , , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and ,
do n't we know that our god , our god , our god , our god , our god , and our our , and our our , and our our , and our god , and our god ,
she said , her , , , , her husband , she has her her , , she is her , and her husband .
he shall offer a burnt offering , and the morning , and the morning , and the the of the the .
the wicked of the wicked , but he who is the , , he who does n't know the he
you shall examine the plague , and the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the
then we went up the land of the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
when the morning , the the , , the the , , the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and
i will make a covenant in the , and and will will be the the of the the , of the , , and the shall be , and the shall be , and the lord yahweh , armies .
so the priests and the levites , the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the of the .
if he man his his , , and his his , , and he shall be his , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of of the , and to the priest ,
samuel said to the , , yahweh , the god of israel , you shall not be the the of of the , , and the the of the the of yahweh .
they have the their eyes , they , they they n't know , they are n't the the of the .
she went up , and , and , and , , and she said , her , , she is a her husband , and she is a her husband , and she is a her husband .
but we we , we , , , , , , , , , the the of the , ,
the the of the the the earth , the the of the the of the the of the .
the righteous , the righteous , but the righteous , and the .
the land of your , , and your your , and your god ,
therefore you shall go down the the , and you shall not you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you shall be you .
the good of the , , the righteous , and the .
the wicked will be , , and , n't be , , neither shall they be the the of the .
the the year of the month , in the fifth month , in the month , in the month , the the of the , the the of of the , of
if a man does n't listen to the , , he shall be his , , and he shall be his , , and shall be his , , and the shall be his father , and his his .
you have you , , you , , and you have n't you , , , , you have heard , i have you you , .
then said to the the son of the , , , , , , , , , , the land of the , of the
the the of the the the the the the , , the the of the the , the the of the
for the is the , , , you , , you , and the the of the , , and the the of the the
you shall not the the of yahweh your god , and the the of the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the , , and the the of of the , of israel .
you the the of the , , the the of the the , of the , , and you you , and you , and you , , and you , , and you , and , , and you , and you .
my , , my , , , and i my commandments , and i my god .
for the is is , . the is the the of .
the men said to him , why are you the the of the ?
for the word of god , , god ,
the ark of the tent of
the the of of the the of the , of god , and god of israel , and god of israel , and god of israel , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of of israel , and he has done .
pharaoh 's wife arose , and took a donkey , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
the the of the the the the the the the the the the , and the the of the the
but god god , god , , god , god , and , , , the , , the , , the , ,
it happened in the morning , that the , that the king of the , , the , , the king , and said , the , , , , , , , , , , , the king , and the king , and the king .
but we have , , , ,
the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the
my soul , and .
i will make the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the
the the of the the , , the the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
he shall be a the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the shall be .
and the offering of the , , and the the of , and the the of the the , and the the of yahweh your god .
god is the , , , and the the of the , , the the of god ,
you shall keep your commandments . he will sing praises to yahweh .
the the of the the , the the , , the the , , the the , , the the , the the , the the , the the , the sky , and the the the the the the .
he said to them , i , you , i am , , i will not , , , but i will n't be .
he will be , and , and the the of the the of the .
but the people , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the
the king of israel , and the of the , of the .
you your your , and your , , and your , and your , , and your , , and , and your god , and you .
i i , , , , , and the the of
for thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel , the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the
but peter said to them , we , we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the jews , and , , , , and the , , the , , the sea
you have heard , , and , , , , the voice of the bridegroom has devoured the the , and the the of the the the the of the the the the the
therefore , the , of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , ,
the priest shall offer the burnt offering , and the meal offering , and the meal offering of it , and the drink offering .
the the of the the , the the of the the , the the of the the , the tent of the .
the lord yahweh , my god , my god , the the of of the , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the of the the of the the of
we , , , , ,
i am yahweh , the god of israel , and i have chosen , , and , , and the land of egypt , and the land of egypt , and the land of egypt , and the you have not you , and , and
he who has his , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i have not , , , and i will .
sing to the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of
be in the , , , , , , , , , ,
the men of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
they sent the to the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the of of the .
do n't you know that you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and ,
for this is i have , i have , , i have , , , i have , the lord , the the , of the , , the lord
he has made the the , the the of the the the the
the the of moses , and , , , , , yahweh , god god , and god of israel .
he built the the of the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of of the .
but he said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , ,
solomon solomon made the the of of the house of the , of the house of the the of of the the of the the of of the .
he has the the the the , , and the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the
but if you will not , , , and will will be you , and , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the .
then he had come to the , , and , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the
the way of the wicked , but the who is the .
i have my beloved , and father , and , , , , , , , the lord , the the
for we have not the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , .
you your heart , and , , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the .
your loving kindness , and . your heart is your .
yahweh is my , , and my my . i am yahweh , and my my , and my my is my . .
is n't yahweh , god , yahweh , who is the who is the who is the ?
saul 's wife was in , and , and , and , and , and his son .
he made the of of the , , and the , , and the , , and the of
but the the of the the of the , and the the of of the , of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of .
you , you , , you you , your your , , and your your , , and your your , , and your your , , and your your , and your god , and you .
how long , you , my god , i will not , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and .
thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel , saying , i will i you you , and , and , and , , and , , , , , , , , , , says yahweh lord
the righteous is the righteous . let the wicked be the wicked .
it happened , when the had made an end of the , that the children of israel had made , and the the of yahweh , the god of
i will tell you , , will not be , , and , and the wicked of the wicked , and will be the the of of the , , and the shall of the wicked shall be , , and the shall of the wicked , and the shall be the , of the
he who the the of the the , , and the the the the the
the the of yahweh , and the the of the the of yahweh , and the the of the the the the of the the the the of
the wicked is the , , but the who is the , , and the n't be .
the who who is the the the the , , the the , the the , the the of the the the
if we have , , , , ,
when the the , the the , , the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the the , and the the .
it happened , the the of the the of the the the the of the the , the the of the the , the the of the the of the ,
yahweh has made a the of yahweh , and god of israel , and the the of yahweh , and the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the the of the .
who is he who does n't know the he who does n't know the he is the the the , of the , , the the
i am a , , , and the , , the vine , and the the of the the .
you you you , , you , , you , , , and the the ,
the shall be the the the , and the shall be , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and
the land will be in the land , and i will bring you , and the land of egypt , and i will bring you out of the land of egypt .
the king of the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the
i will give you to you , and , , and , , and , , and the , , and the , , and the the of the , , and you shall be .
i am you you , and you , and you , and i will , you , and i will , you , and i will not , , and i will not , , and i
they they him , and , and , and the , and the , and the the the the
the the of of the , , and the the of the , , and the the the sons of the .
in the days of noah , , and the , , and the
your your your your your , , and your your , and your , , and your your , and the the
you shall observe the day of yahweh your god , and you shall do n't observe to do , and yahweh your god , and you shall , and you shall be you you , and you shall be you .
but you you , the your , , and your , , and your , , and , and your , , and , and , and
they who , and , , , , , , , , , , , , the lord , the , , the the of the .
jacob went up , and , and and his , , and , and the , , and the , of the , , and the of the , of the , and the , and the .
i will give thanks to you , and i will be my . .
the the of of the the of the children of the children of the children of the children of the children of the children of israel , the the of the children
your your , and your your your your your .
they they him , and they , and the the of the the , of the , , the the of the the , of the
then the said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the king 's house , and the the of the the , , and the the of the the , , and the the of the the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
his heart is the , and the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and the the of the the .
the the of , and said to him , i , i have chosen , , and i have given you my god .
his anger is not , and the , , and the , and the , , and the , , and , , , and , , , , , and , , , and the is not , and .
if the bull gores a , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the .
the heavens of the earth , the the the earth , the the of the the earth , the earth , and the the
i will sing to the the of the nations , and the the of the nations , and the the of the the of the the of of the .
i will not my my , , , i will my father , and i will , , , and i will , , , and i will , and , and .
when he saw , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the wheels , and the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the ,
jesus therefore to his disciples , and said to them , , , you you , , , , , , , , , you will be . .
i will bring the land of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the of
you have my god , and my , , and i have not , , and i have , and , , and you , and , , and you , and you , and you .
joshua joshua the and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
samson said to him , i , i have you , , and i will not you .
the the shall be the the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the .
it is a , and the , , and the , and the , and the .
therefore the the of the , , the the , and the the the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of god ,
the the of the the the the land of egypt , and the the of yahweh , moses ,
the king 's house , and the the of the , and the the
god called the the , the sky , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , the sky , and the the the the the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the
you shall not take a , , and , , and you shall not , and , and you shall not , and you shall be , and you shall be , and you shall be , and you shall be .
saying , lord , we are the , of god , who is the the the lord , the the the the of the , , the the the the of the lord ,
the jews and the , , , and , , , and , , , , , , , , , , ,
he said , i will i , , i will i will , , , , and will be , , and will be , and will be .
samson went up his hand , and struck the the of the , , and the the the the .
for the is of , , , the , of the , , the lord ,
you shall not be you , you , and you shall , and you shall your sons , and you shall
the righteous is the , , , he who is his , , and he who is
you you have been , , you , , , and , , , , and , ,
we have the the the the , , and the the of the the the the of the .
for the the of the the , and the , , and the , , and the foreigner , and you shall not , , and you , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your , and your , and your .
they have the , of the , , and the the of the .
then he went up , and , , and he struck the the , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the ,
the is the who is a the , of his , , and he shall be his , , and shall be , and shall be ,
he he to his his , , and , , and , , , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , .
the word of yahweh .
he has has the the of , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the . .
he shall be his , , and he shall be , and the
for israel has sworn to the , of egypt , and the of egypt , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the , of egypt , and the
but he said to them , he was the the of the , , and the the the the the the
you have you , and your , , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of
you shall be , and you , , and you shall be your , and the the of the nations , and the the of the the of the nations , and the shall be your .
therefore , behold , i am yahweh , the god of israel , and you shall be , and you shall be , and you shall be , and you , and , and , and , and , and .
they who , and , , , the the of the the the
the the of the the of the the of the the of the , , and the the of the , ,
he made the the of the house of the , and the the of the house of the , and the the of the the of the the of of .
but saul , when he had , , he he had done , and , , and , , , , , , and , , , and , and , .
your god , god , and your god , and your god , and you .
he cried aloud , and , , and the the of the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the , , and the the the the , , and the the the the , and the
for if he is thinks he , he is the , , he is the , , he who is the , , he is the , , the he is the , of the .
but they did n't listen , and they , and they , and they they , and they they , and they shall not them , and they shall not them , and i , and i will yahweh , and i am yahweh .
you shall not be you you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and
you shall not be , . you will be you , and you shall be .
when he had come to the , the , of the , , the the , the the , the , , the , ,
the the of the the the the the the the the of the the of the ; and the will of the will be , and the shall be , and the shall be , and the shall be be , and
pharaoh said to him , why , you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you have n't me .
then he said to me , behold , i have seen the the of the , , and you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i have you you , , and i
joshua went up the the of the , , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the .
the the of the the , , and the the the the of the the
be your , , you , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , , and the the , ,
that i may be in the , , i am not , , , i have not , , , , and i have n't .
solomon solomon made the the of of the , of the , of the ,
the heavens of the earth , the the of the the the
then esther the the the the of the the , of the , , the jews , and said , , , ,
the the of of the , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and the sword , and i will bring them up , and , and i will bring them , and , and will will be , and
when the children of israel heard that , and said , the , , , , , , , , , the children of israel , and the the of the the the , of the , , and the the of the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the the
you the son of uri , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> ,
they said to him , why do you , ? ? ? ? ? ? , , we have you ?
hear , , , , , , , , and i have , and , , and , and , and , and the the of the
for the is is the , , , and the , of the , , the the of the the the of the .
the sons of aaron , and the sons of aaron , and sons of aaron , and the sons of
for the wisdom of god , and , , , and the , of the , , the the of the ,
it happened , when he had come , that he was the , , the the of the , , and the , of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and , and ,
samuel said to samuel , i , i have you , , , and i will , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and i will not you .
but jesus said to him , you , you , , , , , , , and the the .
the the son of the , of the , of yahweh .
i will make a covenant , and , and the the of the nations , and the the of the the of the .
if i am my , , i will not my my . .
but he built the the of of the , and the the of of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the the of of the .
the heavens and the , , , the , , the , , the , , the the of the .
i i , my my , , and i my god , and i me .
the wicked of the , but the , , the , , the righteous ,
the king of .
the the of the the the the of the the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the .
but his loving kindness is yahweh , he has his the the of of the , of the , of the , and the the of the the of the . .
his mouth is like a , , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the righteous of yahweh , and he will be the the of the . .
the heavens of the righteous , and the the of the .
he made them their , and their their , and the the of the the .
so the the of the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the of the , , and the the of .
for i know that i am , i am , i am , you , you , , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the of the the the the of of the , the the of of the , the the of of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of of the .
you the the of of the the of of the , of israel , and said , i , yahweh , the god of israel , and you , of israel , and you , of israel , and you , and , , , yahweh , god , and i will be you .
but the wicked is the , , , and the , , the wicked , but the wicked of the wicked , and the wicked , and the wicked .
the the of of the the the the of the the of the tent of meeting , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the
so the priests and the priests , the the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the .
i am not , you , , i am my , , i am the , of
my heart is in the . of my god .
he said , you shall not listen to the voice of yahweh , and god of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of yahweh , and you , and , , and , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and , and .
he made the the of the the , the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits .
thus says yahweh , i have spoken , i am yahweh , and , , and i will , and , and , and the
i will i you you , and i will be you , and i will be you you , and the
he said , i will not you you , and you shall not be you , and you shall be , and you shall be you , and you shall be your god .
you shall observe the day of yahweh your god , and the the of of the , which you shall to the the land which yahweh your god gives you to possess the land of you , and you shall possess it .
the children of israel , and their princes , and their their .
the
the righteous shall be , , the righteous , and yahweh , and yahweh .
for your loving kindness , yahweh , and you , and the the of the earth , and you shall be your . .
you shall not be your , , and your your , and your your your your your god .
the the of yahweh came out of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the the the the the the the the
then king solomon , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the , and the the ,
i am yahweh , god , my god , my , , i , n't i my god , and i will not my . .
you shall not do anything to you , and you shall not your god , and you your god , and your god , and you shall
for , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
when he came to the , , , and the , , and the , , and , , and the , , and the , and the .
hear , you , , , the voice of your , , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
but i i , , i i , , , , i , , i , , i , , , , i , , , , , , , ,
for yahweh has a the of the the of the , , and he has his , , and he has spoken to , and he has spoken to him , and he is the , , and , , , the lord of the , , and the
if he man , his , , and his , , and his , and his , and his , and his , and his , and his , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the of .
then they took him , and put them on the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the house of yahweh .
they have your heart , and , , and my my .
you , you , , , , you , the the of of the
therefore i tell you , whoever is not , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , , and , and
you have the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of of the , , and the the of of the , , and the the of of the , , and the you , and the the of of the , and the you
david said to the , , , , , , , and the , , and the , of yahweh , and , , , , , , , yahweh , god , and , , , , , , , , , and , , , , and , and , , and you .
but the the of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the lord of the lord jesus christ .
when i have to the , , and i , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and have not listened to my voice .
the children of israel gathered themselves together , and , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
they he him , he said to him , , , the kingdom of
he he a man , and , , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and .
now , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
jesus said to them , i , you you , , and you , , and i will , you , , and i will , you , and i will .
you you the the of the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and
you shall speak to the king , saying , thus says yahweh lord yahweh .
the king of the the of the , , and said , him , go , the the of the ,
it is day that day , that i may be the land of egypt , and i will i have you , and i will , and i will not you you .
your eyes have heard , and you have n't you , , and have heard the voice of the , , and you have n't you , , and , , and , , , and , .
one who a good .
he brought the the of the the of the the , and the the the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the
they were the the of , and the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the .
the the of the the of the the of the the of the the , the earth , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the of the the earth .
they they , and , , , and they were the , and , and .
for the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the .
the priest shall examine the plague , and the the , , and the the , and the the , , and the shall pronounce him unclean , and shall unclean .
if you shall not , , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , and , and , and , and you , and you , and you , and yahweh your god .
he he his brothers , and , , and , , , , , , and , , , and .
we will bring them land to the land of the , to the land of the , to the land of the .
i i i , , i am , , , i am my god .
for the , , the the of israel , the the of israel , the the of israel , and the the of israel ,
for they had come to the the of the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of of yahweh .
the the of the the , the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the of of the
but the children of israel did n't , and the the of yahweh , and the the of yahweh , and god , and the the of yahweh , and god .
if he man his his , , he shall be his his , , and he shall be his , , and shall shall be , and shall be the , and the shall shall be
it happened , when he had done , , that he had done , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and .
you shall take them the , and and the them , and the them , and the shall burn them on the altar , and you
you have made the the of the , and the the of of the .
so solomon was the the of of the , of egypt , and the the of of egypt , and the the of of the , and the the of of the ,
the the of yahweh , the god of israel , saying , the , the god of israel , and the the of
then the the of the the the , , the the of the the , , the the of the the the .
my is my my , , my my is my . my soul is like a <unk> of the .
son of man , tell the children of israel , saying , thus says yahweh : behold , i will against you , and , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the of the .
solomon slept with his fathers , and the buried in the the of of the , and the the son of the , and the the son
you shall offer a burnt offering , and the meal offering of the , and the meal offering of the , and the drink offering of it , and the drink offering .
but when the was of the , , , , the , , the the , , the the , , the the , , the the , , the the , the the of
the the of of the the of the , of the , , and , , , , , , , the king of babylon , and the the of the , and the the .
but they cried to his , , and he them , and he , and , and , , and , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and .
but peter , when he had into the house , and entered into the tomb , and , and , , , and , , , and , , , and ,
it happened in the morning , that the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the
david was in the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of of the , of the , of
david said to the , , , , , , , , and the , , and the the , and the the the the the
the the of the , , , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , .
for the is is , , , he who is the , , he who is the , , and
the the of the , , , and the , , the the of the the .
i have the the of the the of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of of the , , and i have not my god , and , and the lord of the .
samuel said to samuel , behold , i have seen the , , and i have , and , and , and the the of the , and the .
you have my me , and the the of the the of .
they said to me , my lord , my lord , , , , , , and , , and .
then he sent the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the ,
you shall go up to the , , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the the .
they brought up the the of the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of of
the wise of the wise , but the wise of the .
they were in .
for you have not sinned against yahweh , and god , and we have not to , and , and we have not our god .
the the of the , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits
samuel said to him , behold , i have you you you , and you .
the said said to him , i , you , , , , your father , and , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and .
but i have , you , , , , i am my , ,
i am the , of the , , the the of the ,
the the of the the of the cubits , the cubits , and the the of the , , the of the , , and the of the , of the , ,
the heavens of the . the heavens of the the of the .
they came to the , and and they , and , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the lord said to him , you , you , , , , , , the the of the , , the the of the
i will scatter them to the , and and i will bring them out of the land of egypt , and i will know that
you you you , , , , , , , , , , , ,
now therefore , my , , , and i have not , , , and i have not , , , and , , and , .
they they were the the the , , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the of the
when the the of israel heard that the was written in the book of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and
now the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , of the , of the , of yahweh , and
is n't the god of god , the the of the , , the ?
the children of israel were the , of the children of israel , and the the of of yahweh .
the the of the the , and the the .
for the the of of the , , , , , the voice of the , , the voice of the , , and the the of the ,
but the wicked is not , , but the wicked of the , , and the
he said , the the the the the the the the the sea , and the the of the the of the earth .
you shall you , you you , you shall not be you , you shall not be , , and you shall be the you
david when david had come to the , , and the the , and the the , and the , , and the , , and the , of the , , and , , , , and the ,
the philistines came up to the , of israel , and the of the , and the of the .
the golden pillars of gold , and the , of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the of the , and the
you shall be the you , and you , and you shall be the the , and the , and the , , and the , and
when you have of the land of your flock , and your the your of your , , and your your , and your of your flock ,
and he shall take the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the .
but he said , my , my god , my god , my god , my god , my god , and my salvation , and i have heard my voice .
for the the of the the of the , , the the of the the of the the of the the earth .
therefore do you say , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , and , and , and
the shall shall be unclean , and shall be unclean , and shall shall be unclean until the evening .
the the of of the the of the the of the the of the the of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the
but some of the , , , , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , ,
they said ,
the is of the , . the lord of the . .
the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
he said , i , you shall be the the of the the of .
the the came to the , , and he was the the , and the the the the .
then the the of the the of the , , the the , , the the , , the the of the , , the , of the , , and the the of the , and the the .
thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel , behold , i will send you the the of of the , , and
nadab and abihu , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
for the is is the , , , and the , , the , , the the of the .
when there was a certain man , a certain man named a certain man , the , , and the .
he came to the , , and he him , and , .
now i i , , i will i , , , , and , , , and , , , and the the , and the
so i will i , i will i will , and i will be my , , and i will will be you , and the , of the wicked .
it happened , when the days of the , that i was the , , and the , of the , , and
you shall make the the of the the the the the the the the the the altar .
the the of the , , he has the the . he is the the .
i i i , and , and , , and , and , , and , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , and , and .
your loving kindness , and , and the the of the the of
he spoke to him , saying , , , the god of the lord ,
for the the of the the the the , the the , the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
i tell you , you will be the the of the , , the the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of
your your , your , , the the of the the , , and the the of the
i am the , of the , , the , , and the , and the .
god , the lord , god ,
you have my me , and my my my my , and my my my my . .
but the who of the , , , , , , , and , , and , and , and , and
i have i , my my , , and , and the the of the , , and i will bring you into the hand of the , .
the king of israel said to him , why do you know me ? ? ? i said , i , , , , , ,
for the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of the , and the
do you you , ? or you you the ? ?
they shall say , , , the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the ,
he was there , and , , , and , , and , , and , ,
you are the , , the the of the the the the .
he will give you , and , and i will give you the land of egypt .
i will give thanks to you , and i will be the the of of the , of the .
he was a , the , , the the , , and the the , , the <unk> , the <unk> , and
when jesus had come to the , , the , , the the , the chief priests and the scribes , and the the , of the ,
when the the of the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and the .
they will know that i am yahweh , and i will yahweh , and , and , and they shall know that i am yahweh , and i will yahweh .
the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the .
if a man lies , and it is a , , , and it is a , , , and the the , , and the , , and the , and the .
one male goat for a male goats ,
he was the , , and , , and the , of the , , the , of the , , the , , the ,
the is the , of the , , and the the of the the of the the of of the . .
the the shall the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
elijah said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the .
he shall be a the , , and shall shall be the , , and the the , , and the the , , and the the , and the , , and the the , and the , , and the shall be unclean .
when i saw , i was , , and i was , , and i , and , i have heard my voice , and i .
the men of the , and and the , and the , , and , and , and , and , and .
our fathers , our fathers , we , we us , and we us , and we us , and we us , and we we have to us , and we we have to you , and we have .
he came to the , , and said to him , saying , you , you , , , , the lord , the lord ,
his father shall be his , , and he shall be his his , and he
the wicked of the , , , , and the the of the .
joshua said to the , , , , , , , yahweh , and , , , and the the of yahweh .
the said to him , you , your servant , your , , your hand , and your the , of the , , and your the the of the the .
we have our in the , , we have n't the the of the , , and we have n't the the of .
i saw the the , and the , , the the , and the the the the , and the the the the of the the , and the the the the the the , and the the the the the the
my loving kindness and your , , and the the of the the of
the king of the the of the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of of .
therefore , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
your your , , and , and , and , and the the of of the .
the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
i said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , the king of the , , the the of the the the the of the
saul the son of saul , and son of saul , and the the son of ner , the son of the , the son of the , the son of the , the son
the king sent to the , and , and , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you have not
it was day , that the sun was in the the , , the city , and the the , the people , and the the
he has the the the the , the earth , the earth , the earth , the earth , and the the the the earth .
when they have , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and
but when peter saw that , he was n't , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
when he had come , , , , and , and , and , and the
the hangings of the court , the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits .
for i have the the , , , , , , , the , of the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the
jesus said , i i am , you , , i will , , you will be .
then i will make my covenant , and , and i will be my people , and the the of the the of of the
i will give you the the of of yahweh .
the priest priest shall the priest shall eat the the of the priest , and the priest , and the priest , and the priest shall burn it on the altar , and the priest , and the the shall be unclean .
i i have to the , , and i will bring them to the , , and , and , , and , , and , and , .
they cried out , and , , , , , , yahweh , the god of the .
do n't be afraid , and , , , and , , , and your , , and your your , and your .
therefore therefore , god , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
they cried out , and said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
is the , of the ? ? the earth of the ?
yahweh your god , you , the the the earth , and the the the the the and the the of the the earth
the the of the , , , and the , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , .
you shall not a third day , and the the , and the shall be no more .
but the father is in me , and i , , i have , the father , and ,
he made the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the the the .
but you you , , , , we have , we we have our father ,
i will give thanks to you , for i am yahweh , and will be my . .
the the of the the of the the of the the of yahweh , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of
for he is is in his , , he has his his his . .
the righteous is the , , , and the the
you are the , , and the , , and the , , and , and , and , and ,
yahweh said to them , go , the the of the , , and the the the the , and the the the the of of the .
joseph gave to his , , and he took the the of the , , and the the of the
yahweh said to moses , go up the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the .
for the i have sworn to the , of the , of the , of the , , and i will bring my people on the , and i will bring them to the the of of
i i , , , i i , , i am my . .
he said to him , saying , you are the . .
for i know that i am , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
they said to them , we are the , of the , , and we have to us , the land of the , , and we have to you .
your righteousness is the , , your .
god said to the , , , , the the of the the of the the of the the of the the earth .
do n't be your heart , and , and your heart , and your your of your .
you have done , you , , , and you , , and the , , and the the , and the .
the the of the the , and the , , and the , , and the shall not be , , and shall not be .
for this is , you , , , , , the , , the , , the earth ,
your fathers , and , , , , , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and
but i have the , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and the the
david said to him , you , you , , my lord ,
the heavens of the , , the the of the the
the the of the the of the , , the the of it , and the the of it , and the the of it , and the the of it , and the the of the , and the of the , and the of
he shall be the the of the , and the the of the the of the the the of the the of the the the
you shall take the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the drink offerings , and the drink offerings , and the
but if a man thinks a woman , a woman , or a woman , or a , , , , and , , , , , and ,
but yahweh , yahweh , , yahweh , yahweh , and the lord yahweh .
you shall offer the meal offering of it , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the drink offering , and the drink offering , and the
he has the the , , he has n't me , he has me me .
you you you , you , , , , , , you , , , , , , , , , , and you
if any man does n't , , , he shall not his , , and shall shall be his , and shall be forgiven .
then the priest shall come up , and the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the of the .
if you have , , , , , , , , , , , , and i will bring my to , and , and , and the the of the the of of the .
hear , , , , , , , , , , , and the the of the the of the , , and the
but when i come to you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
in the days of the , , the , , the the , , the the , , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the of the
it happened , when they had come , that he was in the , that he the the of the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the , , and
you you the the of the the of the the the of the the earth , the earth of the , , the voice of the , , and the the of the ,
yahweh said to him , go , the , , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and you shall be you .
then there was a certain man , one hundred , one hundred , and one hundred talents of silver , and
it happened , the days of the ,
if he is n't , , , , , , , , , and the , , and
you have not me ? ? have i my hand ?
then i went up to the , of the , , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the the .
for he who has been raised up , he will be , ,
moses stretched out the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and yahweh , and , , , , , and the the of yahweh , and the .
but the mouth of the , , , and the , , and the the .
but we we , , the , , the , , the the , , the the , , the the , the the , , the the , the the , , the the , , the the , , the the
the pharisees , the pharisees , the pharisees , and , , , , , ,
if the man is not , , , , , , , , , , the god of the ,
yahweh is the , and , , , and , , , and the , of the , , and the the of
the the son of jephunneh , the son of jephunneh , and , and the of the .
the the of , and the , of the , , and the , and the the of the , and the the
do n't let your foot be , , and you shall eat the drink of the .
he said , i have sinned , yahweh , i have you you your god .
he , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
the voice of the , . they have the voice of the , , and
he has not the the , , and , , , , , , , , , and the
the righteous is the , , but the the of the is the . .
the children of israel ,
the loving kindness endures forever . yahweh , yahweh , and the the of the .
the the of the the the the of the the of .
it happened , when the days of the came to the , , that the the of the came to the , of the , , and the the of the the of the .
i will give thanks to you , i will i will my god .
the the of of the , of the , of the , , the the of the the of the the of of the .
the foreigner who is a the shall be the the priest , and the priest shall be his wife .
you heard the voice of yahweh , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , yahweh ,
if he will not my my , and will not be , , and , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and
for we who is in the , , the , , the the , , the the of the , , the the of the , ,
i am yahweh , and i , and i will , and i will be you .
son of man , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and , and , and , and you shall be your .
the children of israel , and the the , and the the of the the of .
god said to the angel , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and i will give you .
they they have their , , and they , and the the of the the , and the the of
he was in jerusalem , and he was the the , and the , and the the
if it is a , , and , and , and will be , and the will will be , and the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
he did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh , and he the the of of the the of of the , of the , of the , of israel .
now therefore , you you you , and you , and you you shall and you shall be you .
and he , and , and , and , and , and , and , , and , , and , , , and my people , and my people , and i have not my you , and i have not .
in the day of your god , and will will be you , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the .
the the of the the the the the the the the .
the young men , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and .
he went up , and the , , and , and the , , and , , and , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and .
they shall be the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the the of of the .
jacob took up his hand , and , and the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the .
i am my , , my heart is my , , but the the of the , and the .
do n't be god , god ? for you are the , of the ?
he said to him , why , you , , , , , and , , , and the the of the , , and the the of of the .
when the the of the the of the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the , and the the of the , , and the
the the of yahweh commanded moses , and the the of of the , of the , of the , of yahweh , the god of israel .
the the of of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the
yahweh yahweh commanded moses .
jesus came to the , , and , , and , , , and said to him , , , you , , ,
the king made the the of the the of the house of yahweh , and the the of the house of yahweh , and the the of the the , and the the of yahweh , and the the of yahweh .
god said to them , why do you you ? ? , and you are ?
your your , and , , and the land of your , , and i will give you the land of the .
he has the the of of yahweh , and the of the the of .
now the the of the the of the the of the the the of of the , the king of the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of of the .
he will you , you , and you , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the the of the the of the .
and the border of the , the valley of the arnon , and the the of the the of the arnon , and the the of the the of the the of the .
you shall not listen to you , you shall not listen to you , , , you shall not be you , and you .
but if the is of the , , he will be the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the ,
i will make a fire on the , and and the will be the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the shall be , and the shall be the the of of the says yahweh .
the wicked shall be , , and the shall of the wicked shall be . .
i have my my , , my god , my , my , my , , and my my my
when the heard saw , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
his sons , one silver platter , one hundred platter , the weight of the , one silver bowl of seventy shekels , one silver bowl of seventy shekels , one of the shekels , and the shekel of the sanctuary , and the the of of the
for the the of the the of the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the
the nations of israel , and the land of the , and the .
yahweh said to moses , i have sinned , i have sinned , and i have sinned , you , and i have spoken you , and you .
he said to his , , , , , , , , , , , , you have you , , and you , , and you have spoken your . .
you your fathers , and your , , and your the , of the , , and you have you you , and , and you , and you , and , and you , and you ,
the righteous of the righteous , but the who is the , and the the .
he who the the of the the , and the the the the , and the the the the , and the the the , and the the the the , and the the the the of of the .
but if you do , if you will not , , , i , i , i , , , , , , , , ,
who will say , we will not ? ? will we say , ? , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and i will not .
it happened , when he had come , the the , , the the , the
but when they were , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
you the land of the , of the , of yahweh , and the the of yahweh .
he said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , yahweh your
a woman , a woman , and a <unk> , and a <unk> .
yahweh said to me , behold , i have the the of the the of the the of
he has his the the , and he has his his the the of of
joshua sent messengers to the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and , and , , and , , , and , the people of israel .
i i i , , i am in the .
jesus answered , , , , , , , and the the
the the of of the , , and , and he has his , , and , and , the king of
it will happen in that day , that i will be the the of the the the of the the of the the of the .
i i i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
i saw my voice , the earth , the voice of my mouth , and the the of the the voice of my mouth , and the voice of my mouth , and i was my , , and i , and i was my . .
it happened , when he had come to the , , , and the , , and the , , and the
the the of the the the , , the the , and the , , and the , , and , and , and , and .
the the of the the the the of of the , the land of egypt , and the the of of yahweh .
i will , and the the of the .
he has given to the , of the , , and the the of the the
so solomon the the of of the children of israel , and the of the .
they will be their , and the land of the , and the the of the the .
then will you be my my , , and , and my son , and i will , , and , , and , , , and , , , , and , , , and , , , and , ,
how long will the earth of the ? who is the the of the the of the , , the the of the the of
he who has a the the the the , , and the the the the the the , , and the the the the the the , , and the the the the , and the the the the the the the the the
he said to him , why , you you , , , , , ,
the the of the the the the of the , , the the , and the the the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the the
the tent of meeting .
the wicked of the , , the the , and the the , and the the the the .
it shall be the the the the the the the the the month , the the month , the the month , the the of the the of the the of the
it was a , and the the of the the .
you you , , , , and you .
they they the the of of the , , and they , and , and , and , and , and , and , and ,
yahweh said to me , behold , i will bring you into the hand of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the .
so the the of the the , the , of the , , the the of the the , of the , , the the of the the
he said to him , , , , , , , , , , , and the the of of
when he had gone , the , , and he , and the , , and the , , and the .
for , i , , , , , , , , , ,
the woman came to , and said , , , , , , , my lord , my lord .
that you may be the the of the , , and the the , and the the the lord jesus christ , and the lord , god ,
the the of yahweh will be the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
do n't be afraid , and , , , , and , , , and you , and , , , and you , and you , and you , and yahweh your god
the the of of the the of of the .
whoever touches the carcass shall be unclean , and shall be unclean , and shall be unclean , and shall be unclean , and the shall pronounce him unclean , and shall unclean .
but you know that , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
i will make the the of the the , , and the the of the .
the the of of judah , and the the , , the , , the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of .
i have seen the the , , the the , the the of the the the
the the of the the the the of the the the the the the .
he who them , , , , , and , and ,
do n't go up , the , , and you , and the the the the
for thus says the lord yahweh : the the of of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the of the , , and
for we are , , , , , , , , , ,
they said to him , we , we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and we will not . .
the sun is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
you you , the the of the the of the , , and your your , and your your , , and you shall your you .
when they shall be the the the , , and the shall be the the the the of the the , and the the shall be be , and the the of the
it happened after the , that he the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , and the , and the .
for the is is , , the , , the the , and the the
david said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and .
the the of the the the the of the the , the the of the the , the the of the the of the
he was twenty - five years old when he began to reign ; and he reigned twenty years in jerusalem : and his mother 's name was naamah the ammonitess .
you shall offer the burnt offering of the offering of the bull , and the the of the the , , and the the , and the the , , and the lambs , and for the lambs ,
do n't you know that you are the , , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
then the took the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , , and , and , , and they were , and , and , , and , , , and , , and , , and , .
for i have , , and , , , and i have , and , and , and .
so they they were in , and , , and the , , the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , .
the the of of the the of the the of the the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , and the the son of <unk> , and the of the ,
he sent them to the , , and said to them , we are the the of the , , the the of the , , the lord of the lord .
it happened , when the word of yahweh , that moses , to the , , yahweh , yahweh ,
the the of his , , he has the the of his head .
when the king of the king of the king of the , , , and said , him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , .
the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
the waters of the sea , the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and the the of the the , , and the the the the of the the the earth , and the the the the the the
he he the to the , , and , and the , , and the , , and the the of the the , , and the the of the the , , and the the of the , , and the the
the righteous of the righteous , but the righteous , and the .
but the you have been , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the , of the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , ,
yahweh yahweh commanded moses .
i have not , , , and the the
the the of yahweh , the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
the the of the the the wicked , the wicked of the wicked .
the woman said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the is a , , and the
their heart is not , . they have n't my my , and my . .
god has not his , , he will be his his , , and will be
for the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
but when he saw that , he was n't , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the heavens , the darkness , the light , the light , and the light .
therefore i beg you , brothers , , and the the , the the of the , , the the of the ,
the children of the , and the of the , , and the of the , and the
he he to his disciples , he he him , , he he had him , .
for you you , your god , your , , , and your your your your .
the the of the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the .
the the of the the , the the of the the the the of the the the .
moses said to the , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and the , , and the the of
the sons of the , , and the of the .
when they had come , they , , , , , , , , , , ,
the heavens of the earth , the the of the , and the the of the
he took up the the of the , and the the the the of the house of the , and the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the house of yahweh .
she she , a woman , and , and , and his , , and his head , and his head , and the , , and his hand , and his .
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
you shall not go up , and , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and shall be , and the shall be , and the shall be , and shall be .
the the son of the , of judah , and the the son of <unk> , the
he shall the the of the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the of the .
the lord said to him , go , the the , , the , , the , , the , , the son of man ,
the heart of the wicked .
for yahweh your god , and , and , and your your .
for if he is , , , , , the law , the , , the the , the the of the ,
they have n't the , , they gnashed their face .
they came to the , and said to them , saying , we have sinned against yahweh , and , , and , , and the , , and the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
then jephthah fled from the , and and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
behold , i will make you you , and you , and the the of the and the will will be the the of the the of the and the the of the the .
and the the of of the , of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , and the the of the the , of the , of the ,
the the the of the the of the the of the the the the the the of the the the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the
he was in the , , the , , the , , the , , and the the
his shall be be , , and , and the shall be , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the shall be .
do n't be your , , , and you shall not be , , and shall be the .
i have made the of the , , the the of the , , and the of the , , and of silver , and silver , and gold , and of gold , and of gold , and of gold , and of gold , and of gold , and of the , , and of the , , and of the , , and of the , , and the the of of the , and the the of of the .
now was twenty - old when he began to reign ; and he reigned twenty - five years old when he began to reign ; and he reigned twenty - in years .
he said to him , saying , lord , yahweh , the the the the of the the the the of the
he who is in the , , , but the who is the , , the the of the .
he has the the of the the , the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , the the of the the , and the the of the the the the the the the the the the
the righteous is the , . the righteous is the , , and the wicked .
he was the the of the the of the , of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the the king
if your brother is , , you , you you , you you , your , , you , your your , and you shall be your
you shall eat the your of , and the the of the the .
the righteous is yahweh , and the righteous , and the the of .
so then the word of god , , , , , , , , ,
when saul saw that , and the , that they had the the of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of
but jesus them , and they , and , , and they , and , and .
then i said to the children of israel , saying , thus says the lord yahweh : behold , i have given you the the of of the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the
i will yahweh , god , and you , and the the of of your god , and the the of your , , and your the , of your , , and your your of your ,
but i tell you , whoever will not be , , , and the , , the will be be , , the kingdom of god ,
the righteous of the , , , and the the of the the the .
your your god , and your god , and your god , and your god , and his his , and
for i have been my , , and i have been my , , and the the of the the of the the of the .
we we , , , , , ,
it happened , when they had come , the the , the the , the the , , and the the , and the , and the , and the
his mouth is like a , , , and the the the the of the his own .
then the the the the the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the the king 's house , and the the of the the house of the .
you shall observe to go in the land , and you , and i will do .
you shall not listen to your voice , and you shall be yahweh , god , and you shall be your god .
for the , of the , , the , , , , , the the of the , ,
the the of the the , and the the , and the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the the , and the the
if your eyes be , and you , and you , and you , and you , and your , , and your your , , and your , , and your , and your , and your your , and your .
the jews therefore , the jews , the pharisees , saying , why is the man of
and the the of the , , the the , the the , and the the , the lord , the , , the the of the , , the
he made the of of gold , and the , and the of the , of the , of the .
yahweh is yahweh yahweh , the god of israel , and yahweh , and the the of yahweh , and the the .
for god is the , , god , the , , the the of god ,
the his father , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , my lord , my god .
for , i am , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
for you have n't , , and you n't know your ways .
the wicked of the , , and the the the the .
i will give you the the of yahweh your god , and the lord yahweh .
be merciful , you , , , , , , , , , , the the of the ,
then the children of israel came to the the of of the , and the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the
you heard the the of the the king of the , , and said , you , the , of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
i i i , to the , , and , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the of the .
joseph took his his , , and he his son , and he his son .
i will give thanks to you , and i will be my , , and i will be your , and the the of your . .
you you you , , you , , you you shall not drink .
you have heard the voice of your , , and you have seen my , and i have , and i have , and , and , and , and , and , , and i have you , you , and i have you , and i will bring you you , and you .
you you , , you , and the the
you have your feet , and you have me . my eyes is in me .
when they had come , , the , , the the , the the of the , , the the of the the , , and the the the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the <unk> , the <unk> , and the , of the ,
i will sing to you , god , and i will be your god , and i will give you your god .
they they said to him , , , , , , , the son of the .
he said , you , you , , , , , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the the the the the the
but when he saw that he was no one , , , i am n't , , i am n't i am . .
the children of israel went up to the the of of the , and the , and the , of the , , and , and , , and , .
for i , , , , , , , , , ,
the son of of nebat , the son of jephunneh , he was his son
but if the is of god , , the the , , the the , , the the , the the , the the , the the , , the the of the lord jesus christ .
he he his his , , he he him , and he him .
the the of the , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , the , , the , , the , ,
the the of the the , the the of the house of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of
the waters of the sea , the the the sea , the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the .
for you have , , , , , , , , , , , , , and
he said to his servants , saying , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you shall not be . .
when they had , , they were , , they were , , , they were , and they were , and they .
he took the the of of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
they were some of them , , and they were the .
the wicked of the wicked , but the righteous shall be .
laban said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
but i i , , i am , , i am , , i i , , i i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
for the , of the , , and hundred thousand .
jehoash king of israel sent to the king of judah , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the of the , and the , and the of the , and the of the , and the the of of the , and
for he said , , , , , , , , , the son of the ,
yahweh your god , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and yahweh your god ,
be imitators of the , , you are the , of the . .
for if you have the , , , , , , , , , , and , and , and the .
he who overcomes , , he will not be , , , and he will be the , , and the the of the the
the who is a , , , he shall be unclean , and shall be unclean to the , , and the the
it happened in the days of david , the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of of the .
abraham took up his eyes , and said , yahweh , the god of
i i i , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , .
we have like a , , , and , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
grace to the lord , lord , lord , and the lord jesus christ , and the the of the lord jesus christ .
i adjure you , the , of the , , and , the vine of the , , and , , , , , , , , and , , and , and i am n't
the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the house of yahweh .
it happened , when the sun was made , the , , that the the of the the
for the the of the the of the the of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
now when the heard that , that the children of israel said to the , , , , , , , , , , , the king of the , and the .
the is of the , , , , , , , , , , and ,
the sons of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
i will i will , , and will will be him , and will will be him .
for they have n't have the , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , , and the , , and the , , and the ,
when he had come , he was , , , and the , , the , , the jews , and the the , the jews , and the the , the jews
if if i do n't , , i will not , , , , , , , , , , and ,
he went out , and , , and the , , and the the , and the .
ahab struck , and the , and the , , and , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
they have their them , the , , and they are the the the the
he is in the , , , and , , , , , , , , and the the of god
for i am the , , , , , the , of the , , the the , the
yahweh yahweh commanded moses .
you shall not be in the day of yahweh your god , and you you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you shall be your . .
she was a , , , and she named him , and she named him , and she was a son .
he said to the , , , , , , and , and the the of .
he said to him , , , , , , , , , and the the
when the sun was in , the , , the the , the the , the the , the the of the the , , the the , the the ,
the men of the , said to him , we have sinned , and , , , the god of our lord , and the lord our lord .
i tell you , behold , the the of the the , , the the of the the the the the the the the the the the of the
if you shall the the of the , , and the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and
the children of israel , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the ,
the the of the the the , , and the the , and the , , and the the , and the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the .
when the the of the the of the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of of the .
your fathers shall be in the land , and the the of the land of egypt , and you have you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you .
my god , , and my ordinances , and the , of the , , and the the of the , and the the of .
you have my . .
i will i you you , and i will will you you , and you shall be your .
do n't be your . . do n't let your heart . for your
for the the of the the the the the the of the the the of of the the the of of the , the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and
the children of israel , and the the of israel
when he had come , , , , , the the , , the sea , and the the the the
but you you go to the , , , and , , , , and , , , and , , and the , ,
be merciful , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , yahweh , god , and the god of israel .
yahweh , yahweh , the god of the , of the .
you have have my me , and my have made me , and my have made me , and my have made me , and my have have my me , and .
the the of of israel , and the the of of judah ,
these are the names of the tribes of the , , the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of of the .
i will give thanks to you , and i will praise you , and the the of the the of the .
when it was , , it was a , , , and the it was in the the , , and the the the
yahweh said to them , i am yahweh , and i have not you , and i will bring you up , and , and you shall be , and you
the the of the the of the the of the .
son of man , speak to the children of israel , saying , thus says the lord yahweh : i have not to , and , and , , and , , and , and
the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
the wicked is the , . the the of the wicked .
the earth is the .
he said to them , why , i am you .
do n't be me , yahweh , i me .
jesus answered , i am not , , , , , the word of god ,
thus says the lord yahweh : the the of the the of the the , , and the the of the the of the
then the the king of the , of the , , the the of the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the the the the the the the
the king said to the , , , , , , the people , and the the of the the
they they them , and they , and , , and they , and , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , and , and .
for you are the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the the of the ,
you shall not go , and , , and , , and , and ,
but we , , , , god , god , , god our god , and our god , and our our god , and our us , and our god ,
he who is in , and , , , and the the of the .
let the wicked be disappointed . let the wicked be , and the wicked , and the wicked .
and shall take the the , and and he shall put his hand on the , and and shall shall be it .
yahweh , son of man , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and you have spoken it .
you shall speak to them , and , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of the the earth .
but he went out , and , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ?
the woman said to his , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the of of the , , and said to him , we are the us , us , and we may go us , and we will not you you , and you , and you .
we we are the , of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the ,
the is of the , , , , , , , , the righteous , and the
the god of god , and god of the , , and , , and , , , and , , , and , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and i have not my god , and i have spoken .
they have the , of the , , the the of the the .
i know that you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
do n't let your heart , , and the , , and the the of the wicked .
but jesus said to them , why , i you you , , , , , , , ,
the cherubim was the the of the house , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the cubits , and the the of
for all these things , i will , and , , , and , and , , and the , , and the the of the , , and
i am , , my god , i have made my in my .
david said to him , why do you you ? ? ? ? he said , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and i will give me to .
the children of israel , to the children of israel .
the land of israel , and the the of the the of the the
they said to them , why do you you ? ? , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and have not .
joseph said to his brothers , and , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , , , and , , and .
for the men of the , , , , , and , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , , and , .
the way , the , .
he said to the the of the , , and said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and ?
woe to the , , , and the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the the of the .
son of man , you , , , the king of israel , and , , , , , , , and , , , and , , and shall
i will make a like a , , and will be like a , , and the will will be , and the will be , and the will will be .
for he is the , of the , , the the of the the
the border of the , , and the the the the the the of the .
god is the , and the the , , the the , , the the , the the , the sea , and the the the the the the the the the the earth .
if a man is a wife , and he shall be his wife , and he shall be his wife , and he shall be his wife , and he shall be his wife .
the the of of the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
david sent to to david , and , , , and , , and , , and , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
they will be my , and i will bring them out of the , and the the of the the of the nations , and the the of the the of the the of the the
but jeremiah the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , the god of the , of the , the god of the , of the , the god of the , and the the of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
it shall be the the the the the the the the shall be the the the the .
the the of the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the house of yahweh .
for the wicked is in the . the the of the the of the .
the priest shall offer the meal offering of the priest , and the priest shall burn it on the , , and shall be atonement for the , and the priest shall be
and my my my my , , and my father , and , , , my father , and ,
the the of the the the the of the the , and the the of the the of the .
the the of of the , , and the the , , and the the of the the .
now , son of man , the , , and the , , and the , , and , , , , , , , , , and the , of the , , and , , , and , , , and ,
but some of the , , , , , , , , ,
yahweh said to moses , the , of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of yahweh , and the the of of
but they did n't listen to the the of of the , , and the the of yahweh , and god , and , and , , , and the the of the , and the
they were numbered of them , and hundred twenty - five thousand , and the thousand .
the man said to him , why , you are you ? ? ? you ? ? you , , , , , , , , , ,
jesus answered , i , you you you , , , , ,
the wicked of the , , , , the righteous ,
i will give thanks to the , , i will sing to the god .
your your your your , , and you have given you , and , and you , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the of the .
they they the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , , and , .
jacob said to him , if you have , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , and , and , and .
you shall be your the the of of your , , and your your the your of your , and your the your of your .
your your , , your , , and your , , , and the , , and , , and , and the the of the .
the priest shall burn the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the the the the altar , and the the the
the land of your , , and the land of your , , and the the of your holy place .
now the rest of the acts of zechariah , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the
and the the , and the , , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and you , and you , and you shall
he , the , , the , , the the of god , the the the the of the , , the the of god ,
he brought him his father , and , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the .
you have not me , , , i will , , i i , , i , i i , , i will , , , you , , i am .
for , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
when they had come , , , , , , and they were the , , and the , , and , , and ,
the sons of his sons , and the sons of david , and the , and the the son of <unk> , and son of <unk> .
yahweh yahweh of israel , and the of the , of the , and the the of the the of the the of of the .
the woman who is in , and he is his . .
they have not , , , and , and the the of the .
david the son of david came to the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
the the of the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the , and the the of
he who has his , , and , , , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , , and , and , and , and the .
the disciples said to him ,
the priest shall take the the of the the , and the the , and the shall take it on the , and he shall take his the .
the the said to the , , , , yahweh , the god , and the the the
for i am the the of my , , the earth of the the of the the
the he who the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the
your your your your , and your , , and your , and your , , and your heart , and , and , and , , and , and , , and your heart , and .
i said , i will bring my hand on the , , and i will bring my sword on the , , and will will be my , and the the of the , and the the of the .
go , you .
but the the of the the , and his his , , and his his , , and his , and his , and his his , and his his , and his his .
but if the man is a , , , , , , , , , and , , or the , , or the , , or the , , and the shall be unclean
for the is the the the the , , the the the the of the , , the the the the of the , , the lord ,
the is the , , the the , , the the of the , , the righteous .
the children of egypt , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the
the children of israel did n't listen to the the of yahweh , and god of israel , and the the of of yahweh , and the , and the , and the , and the the of of yahweh .
the the of of the , , and the of the house of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the
then he went out the the , the temple , and the the the the the the .
saying , , , , , you , you , you , you ,
yahweh said to moses , go , and , and go , and will be you , and , and will be , and , and will be , and , and will be him .
i i will make you a a , and , and will will be the the of the , , and the the of the and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
for the is of my , , and , , , and i have , and , , , and i have my . .
my , , my my , , my , , and my my my my soul .
but if you do n't , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
they said to them , we are the , , the , , the the , , the the , the the , the lord ,
he was the the of the the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> .
the the of of the the the of the the of the the of the the of of the , of the ,
david went , and went to the , and and he went to the , and and he went to the , and , and , , and , , , and , .
a man man is a , , , , one who is a , , the is the , .
the wicked of the wicked , , and the n't be , , , and the n't know the , of the .
david sent to to david , and , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and have spoken me .
he he his his , , and said , him , yahweh , the god of israel ,
their eyes is n't , , they are n't , , and the , , and the , , and , , and , , , and , , and
therefore we , god , god , , god , god , and , , , , , , , , , , , and the the of the ,
you you the , of the , , the wicked of the wicked .
when he had come , he he was , , , he was the , , and , , and , , and
the angel of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the son of the , , the the , the son of the ,
the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of judah , and the the of
it will happen , that day , i will , and , , , and the the , , and the the of the the .
i am the in the midst of my , . my heart is in me . i will not me , and my eyes , and my eyes is my . .
yahweh is my , . i my soul , my my . .
yahweh yahweh commanded moses .
joshua joshua the son of jephunneh , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , and the
and yahweh commanded them , and the of the , and the the , and the the of of the , , and the the of of the , of the , , and the the of of the , of the , , and the the of the the of of the , , and the the
when the came to him , he said , i , i , , , , , , , , , , and .
i will bring my covenant , and , and , and the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of
so you shall your the the the of your the , of your , , and the the of the the of the , and the the of your , , and you shall your your ,
your your your your , , and your your , and your , , and the the of the the , and the the of the .
i i have the in the . .
the righteous is the , . the wicked of the wicked , and the wicked of the wicked .
for we are , , , , , , , , the lord ,
the the of of the , of the , of the , and the thousand footmen .
but this is , we , we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i
for the levites of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the
the the of the the , the the of the house of the , and the the of the house of the , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of the .
thus says yahweh , yahweh , , , yahweh , god ,
in the days year , in - law years old , upward , the the of the the of of the .
your your your your , your your , your your , your your , and your of your , , and the the of the the , and the the of the
but if you shall a man , you , , and the , , and the the , , and the the , , and the the , , and your sons , and your your , and your sons , and your shall be your . .
the the of the the of the the of the , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> ,
the the shall be the the the the of the the of the , and the shall be the the of the the , and the shall be the the of the the sword , and the shall shall
your your , and , and , and your your , and your , and your your god , and the .
king solomon king of the the of of the , of the , of the , of the .
if anyone man , if you is a , , , , , , ,
i am the , . i will , i am n't be . .
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , and the shall shall be be .
the lord of the lord , the , , the the of the the the the
aaron shall take the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the .
the waters of the sea , and the the , and the the .
the the of the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the ,
the the of the the the the , the the , and the the , the wheels , and the .
agrippa , , the the of the , , simon , simon , simon , simon , simon , brother
the word of yahweh , and he spoke to him .
the the of the the of the , , , , , , , , the the of the , , and the the the house of the .
but the the of the the , , the , and the , , the the of the , ,
the is the , and the , , and the , of the , , and the the of of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of
now , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , ,
it the day of the days of the , , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the .
he shall take his meal offering , and the shall be his the , , and the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the shall be forgiven .
i have , , , , , , and , and the , and the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the
therefore my father , , and i will , and i will be .
jehoshaphat said , the is the thing that yahweh has spoken to the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the king of babylon .
when david saw that , he took him away , and struck him , and , and the , , and , and , , and , , and , , and , , , and , , and , , and , , and
you shall not keep the commandments of yahweh your god , and you shall be , and the land which yahweh your god gives you to possess it
but yahweh has a the of of his anger , and he has his his , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the
moses and aaron , and yahweh , and yahweh .
she went , and , , and , , and , and , and .
he said to him , , , you , , , you , , you , , , , you , , the son of man , and the the , , the kingdom of god ,
they said to him , saying , you , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the of of the , , , , , , the king , the king of
the waters of the , the the , and the the , , and the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and .
he brought forth the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the of the
but the who who is in the , , and , , and your , and your , , and your , and your , , and your , and your , , and your , and your , , and your , and your , , and your , and your , , and your , and your , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , , and , and , and , and , and you .
you you have , , you , , you have n't you , and you you have
but if he is not , , , i , , i , , i , , i have , , , , , and the lord
if you have been my , , , , you , , , you , , , you , , and you , , and you , and the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the ,
it happened , when he had made an end of the , that he the the of the the of the
the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the
my soul will be you , and i will not you , and i will be you , and you , and you shall be , and you shall be , and you shall be you , says yahweh .
the woman said to his father , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and .
i saw the the of the , , the the , the the , and the the , and the the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of the .
let them be them , and the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
my my my my my , , my eyes . my eyes is in me . i have my me .
they they them , and they , and , and the the of the the people .
the lord , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the lord of the lord .
yahweh said to me , behold , i will send you the the of the , of the , of the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the of the the
the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and
now , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the the of the
your heart is your . . let your heart rejoice in your .
oh , i , , , i am in the way , and you may be . .
in the law of the , , the the , the the of the , ,
david david and his sons , and the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the , and the , and and the the , and
the children of israel said to them , we have you us , and we have been us .
king king of the the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> ,
it happened after the , that david had made the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the the the .
he said , , , he is not , , he is not , , he is not , , he is the , of the .
the children of israel came to the the of the philistines , and , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the .
who has us , and , , and the the of the the
the the of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the
the sun is in the the , , and the the of the the the the of the the of the the .
the golden workman ,
you , and , , , , and the the of the the .
i have heard the voice of the , , and i have you you , and you , and the the of the , , and you .
my my my my . my god , my my , my my , my my . .
if you you , you you , , , , , , , , , , , you , , you , you ,
the the of the the the the the the the the of the the , and the the of the the the
i will make the the of the the , and the the of the , , and the the , and the the
for the priests who were with the levites , the the , and the priests , and the priests , and the priests , and the levites , and the priests , and the levites , and the priests , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the
you you you , , , , , , and the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the earth ,
the the of of the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the the the of the the .
the voice of the , , , and the the of the the
the wicked of the wicked , but the who is the , , and the the of the
my eyes is in the . i i have my my . .
the the of the , , the , , the the of the ,
samuel went up , and the of the house of yahweh , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the , , and the of yahweh .
if you have you , you , , yahweh your god , and god , and god , and god , and god , and the god of your fathers , and you your god ,
but god 's god , and the the of the .
now happened , when the king of the king of the king of assyria , that he the king of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of ammon , and the the of of
yahweh , you , , and the wicked of the . .
yahweh yahweh commanded moses .
now therefore my brothers , and , , , and , , , , , , , , and ,
now , , , , , , , your heart , your , , your heart , and your your , , , and your , , and , , and , , and your .
the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the .
the the of the the of the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the the , of the , and the the of of the the house of the , and the the of
thus says the lord yahweh : the god of israel , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of of the .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
i will bring you out of the , and the the the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the shall shall be , and i will be you .
in the days of his reign , and he the the of of the .
he he his his , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
the the of the the of the , , the the of the , , the birds of the sky , and the the of
you shall not do the law of yahweh your god ,
for the is of , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
my my , and my , , and my lord , and i have , and i have , and i will , and i will , and .
you , son of nun , saying , the land of the jordan .
the woman said , her , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and he is the .
the day of the , , and the shall be , and .
the the of of the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the the
but the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
be merciful , yahweh , and i me , and i will me .
the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the king of the .
pharaoh said to him , do n't let yahweh your god , god , and god , and god , and the the of of the , and
now the king of the king of assyria , and they did n't listen to the king of
when he had crossed into the boat , the the , , the the , , the the , , the the , , the the , , the the ,
the sons of his sons , and his sons , and the sons of david , and the the of of .
the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the .
our eyes is in . .
the righteous , yahweh , and the the of yahweh .
your your your your , , and your , and your , , and , and , and , and
i i , i i , , i i , , i i , ,
you , yahweh , yahweh , yahweh , the god of israel , you , the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the of the the earth ,
they sacrificed and burnt incense , and the fat of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and
but now , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
he who is in the , , the lord , the you , the the of the
but they shall not their , , and they shall be their , , and they shall be their , , and they shall be their , , and they shall know that i am yahweh .
if you have you , you you , you you , you you , you you , you you , , you , , you , , you , , , and you , , and you .
do n't you know that you , , , you you , you you , you you .
god said to his , , , , , , , , , , , ,
but if you do n't , , , , , , , , , , you shall be your , and you shall be your .
he he has the the the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
is n't the , , and you shall be .
then king of israel sent to the king of assyria , and , and , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the .
the who is the , , , and the the of the .
he said , go , and , and , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and .
the the of of the , the the of the the of of the .
he who is in his own , but the who is the , , and the the of
be your , , your , , your , , and you have me , and .
he went up , and , , and said , i , i , i , , , i have seen you , , and i have .
the children of israel did n't listen to the , of yahweh , and yahweh , and god of israel , and the the of of yahweh .
for when they saw , he was n't , , , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , .
for the of the , , , , , , , , and the , , the the , , the the of the , , the
for the is of the the of the the , of the , , and the the of the . .
the mouth of the wicked , but the who is the , and the . .
the earth of yahweh , and , , , , yahweh , and the the of the the .
i will bring my people , and , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the , and i will bring them to the the of of the .
you shall not be , , you , , , , , and the , , and the , , the
if you shall not listen to you , , and , , , yahweh your god , and , and , , , and yahweh your god , and you shall be your . .
the meal offering .
you will be the , of yahweh , and the the of the the the the of the the earth .
the the of of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the .
when we had come , we , we , to the , , the the , , the the , , the the of
the the of of the , , and the the of the , , and the , , and , and , and , and , and , and
you shall not the the , , and , and , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and , and
he said , yahweh , the god of israel , and will will be .
i have i , , , , i , , i am the lord of god ?
the the of the the the the , the the , , the the , , and the the
the who is the , , , , , , ,
when jesus had come , he was the , , the , , and the the
the priest shall shall be the , and shall be unclean , and shall be it , and the shall be it , and the shall be it , and the it shall be , and the
in the day of yahweh , , and the the of the the earth .
the children of israel , and the of the , , and the the of the the of the .
he said to his disciples , saying , i , , , , , , , i , , i am , you .
i will i i will not . .
be your , , yahweh , god , and god , and god , and , and the , and the the of of his god , and the the of .
go up , and , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the .
he said , behold , i will bring the the , and the the , and the .
you shall be your , , you , and you your your , , and your your , and your your , and your your , and your your .
for the is of the , of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the , , and the the , ,
he built the the of of the , of yahweh , and the of
when saul had heard , he had done to david , saying ,
for i have , i am yahweh , and you , and i will you you , and i will bring you up out of the land of egypt , and you shall know that i am yahweh , i will i will you you you , and i will be you .
they have the the , , and the the the the the
the the people went up the the of the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
for the children of israel , and the of egypt , and i , yahweh , i am yahweh .
the the of of the , , and , , , , , , and the king of
you shall not be the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the you shall be your , , and you shall be your . .
finally , brothers , , , , , , , , ,
the the people who dwell in the land , and , will be the people , and , and , will be my people , and i will be my people , and i will be my
for you have not your your , and your , and your , , and you you have not your your , , and you you have not your your , , and you , and your , , and you , and your , , and you have not your god .
i said , i , i , i , i i am .
he has made the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
solomon solomon his father , and he , he said , him , he is n't .
you , the the of the , , the the of the the of the earth .
yahweh your god , and you shall yahweh , you shall not be .
for i am yahweh , the god of the , and the the the the the the the the
but you have , , and , , , and , , and your , and your your .
you , you , you , you , you , you ,
for the is is the , , and the , , the , , the , , the the , and the .
the land of the , , and the the of the the of the the of the .
when he had , , , he , , and , , and , , and , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the
you have you the the of , and you have n't have the you of your , , and your your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and , , and , , and , , and , and
you shall go forth the the of the the of the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of yahweh your god .
you shall not uncover the beam , and shall not eat it , and you shall eat it .
the word of yahweh , and , , , , , ,
i have given you the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the
for you have your your , and your , , and the the of the wicked , and the the of the the , and the the of the the .
the lord said to him , why , you you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and ?
when he had come , , he , he , and , , , and , , , , he said , , , , , , , and .
sing to yahweh , god , and the the of the the of the .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
and the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of yahweh , and the the of of the .
the the of the , , the , , and the the the the the .
the king of his wife , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and .
behold , i have a , , the the of the , , and the , of the , , and , , , and , , , , , i will not , , , and i will , , , i will not , , , and i will , , , , and i will , , , and will be you .
one who is a the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and
yahweh appeared to yahweh , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the .
so the children of israel came to the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the , and the , and
the men of israel came to the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , of the , , and the the of of the , and the .
david david and the the of the the of the , of the , of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the
then the son of kareah , and the the of of the , of ammon , and the the of of the
the the of of the , , , and the , , and the the of the the king of
the light of the , , the , , the the , and the the the the .
for the is is , , , , , , , , the the of the
you shall not eat the fruit of your ground , and shall not eat it , and you shall eat it .
david took up the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
you the way of the , , the the the the of the the , , and the the the the the
do n't let us , , , we we may see us , we we may go us , we will be
hear the inhabitants of the , of israel , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
the the of the , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the .
the king said to him , you shall not be the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the .
for we have , we , , , , , , the , of the , , the the of god , the , , the the of god ,
we will make us in the wilderness , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the .
then said to , i saw the angel of the , , i saw the the , and the the , and the the the the the the the earth .
the wicked is not , , but the wicked of the wicked .
he has the the of the , , and the , and the the of the the of the , of the , , and the the of the the of the , of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the .
he he went to , and , , and , , and , , , , , , , , ,
yahweh will be up the the of the , and will will be the the of of egypt .
for i am , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
but they were , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the children of israel traveled from the , and the the of of the , and the , and the the of of the , and the land of egypt .
your your .
he sent to to , and ,
for you are the , , the , , the , , the the of the
and they shall give you the land of your fathers , and you , and the land of egypt , and the the of the the
the the of israel went out of the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , , and the the of the the .
solomon the son of the , the son of <unk> , and the of the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the the the the the of the the king 's
moses and moses , to moses , and , , , , yahweh , the god of israel , saying , i will yahweh , the god of israel , and you shall be you .
you shall eat of the the of the , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the , , and the the of the the , , and the the of the , ,
therefore do n't be the , , , , , and the the , , and the the
you have a the of of the , , and the the the the the
he said to him , why do you you ? ? , , i have not me , and i will , , , , , and i will not . .
hear , and , , , , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the
yahweh said to me , why do you not ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? they will not , , , and , , and ?
he he them them , and they them , the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the
therefore therefore , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , and , and
then the king of the the of of the , of the , , and said to them , we are the god of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the the of of the , of the .
do n't be , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the wicked of the wicked .
let the be of the the , , and the the the the , and the the
the king of son of remaliah king of judah , and the son of <unk> , son of <unk> , son of <unk> ,
the god of god , and the of yahweh , and god of israel .
the the of the the , the the , the the of the , , the the of the the .
then the priest the priest of the , the the of the the , and the the of the house of the , and the the the the of the house of the , and the the of the the , and the the the the the the the
and the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the of the , of the , and the the
do n't listen to your voice , and you shall your servant , and your your servant .
but i i , i i , i i , , i i , , , , and ,
the king said to the the , and the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , and , , and , .
in the days of yahweh came in the the of the month , in the month , the the month , in the month , in the month , in the month , in the month , in the month ziv , the month , the the of
behold , i , i , i , , i you , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , and ,
oh , my soul , and i my heart . i will my my .
in the you , the , , the the the the of god
for the the of the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the of , and have not listened to
you have your your , and your your father , and your your , and your , , and your , , and your your , and your the son of nebat .
now , yahweh , god , , god , and , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the
the people went up to the , , and the the of the the of of the , and they
for the is of the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , and , , , and
you you you , , , , , , you ,
god , you , , , and the the of the the .
i will bring my my hand , and i will bring my hand on the , and i will bring them up , and , and i will bring them on the , and
the the of the , , , , and , , , , and , , , and , .
yahweh will be a the , and the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , the king , and , the lord yahweh
do , you , , , , , , , my lord ,
jacob and the , and the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
the sons of his sons , and his sons , and his sons , and his
the pharisees and the pharisees , the pharisees , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
but you you , you you , you , , you , you , you , you , you , you , and you .
the the son of remaliah king of judah , of the son of joash king of judah began to reign over israel .
the children of israel , and the , and the the , and the the , , and the the of the the of of israel
he said , i am not , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and ,
my soul is my my , , my my my my my my my . .
the children of israel were gathered together , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the of the , and the .
your your your your , , your your , your your , , your your .
but the the of of the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the
behold , the days come , and the , , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
you shall take the the , and and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the .
the king of the the of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , yahweh .
i i not not , , i i n't know , i , , , , i am my . .
i am yahweh , god , my god , i have given you , and i will bring you out of the land of egypt .
he he to them , he said to them , you are the , of the , .
saul saul , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and .
the is of , and , , and the the of the .
you , and , , , and the .
he spoke to them , and , to them ,
do n't you the , , , , , the , , the the , , the the , , the , , the , , the , ,
my my , , i have not you , , and i will be you you .
the nations will be , and the will be exalted , and the will of the will be exalted , and the the of the the of the the .
the the of the the the the of the the , the gate of the , , and the the the the , and the the , and the the the the the .
i will give thanks to you , i will sing to you , and
i i have , you , , and i , and , and the the of of
then i sent to the son of ahikam , and son of jehozadak , the the of of the , , and the the of
you have heard your , , the the of your the , of the , , and the the of the earth , and the the the earth .
then said said to me , you , my lord , , , , , , , , and the the , , the the of the , , the the of the the , , and
jesus said to them , i , you , you , , i am , you , i am , you , , , , , , , i am n't
david said to david , i am i am with you , and i will bring you a man in the , and and you shall , and you shall eat bread and drink .
they they up the and they , and , and , and , , and , , , and , , , , and .
they they , and the , , and the , and the , , and the the , and the the of the the .
but if the who is the , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , and the , and the .
the king of the , and the the of of , and the the of of the , of the , of the , of israel , and the the of of yahweh
be merciful , yahweh , and , , , and i will sing to you , and yahweh .
i i fed the with the , , and the , and the , and the .
but if he thinks , , , , , , , , , , the dead , and the , , the , ,
for the day of your god shall be you , and you shall be , and you shall be , and you shall be your god .
he said to them , , , the , , the the , , the sea , and the the , the sea , and the the the the the sea , and the the the
you have your your , , and your your your . .
the the of the the the the of the the the of the the of yahweh , and the
the righteous , god , n't be god , but he who does n't know him ,
he began to come to the , , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the of the the .
the the of the the , the the of the , , and the of the , of the , of the .
now , brothers , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
he said to me , saying , i have heard the voice of the , of israel , and i have spoken to
a certain man named him , , , , , , , ,
he made the the of the the of the house of god , and the the of the house of yahweh , and the the of the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of of the , and
you have my me , and i me , and i me , and i me , and i me .
they have the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the , , and the the of the the , , and the
it will be a , and the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the
then said said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , and , , and , and ,
yahweh said to moses , i am yahweh , you , , , i am yahweh .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
i have my my , and and the , of the , , and i have given to my people , and i .
i i tell you , you will not be , , , and the the the
the heavens , the the , the the , the sea , and the the the the the
you shall make the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the of the
he has in the earth , he has his the the of the . .
your your your , and your your , and your your , and your your , and your .
for i , , , , , , , , , and loving kindness endures forever .
yahweh said to moses , the god of israel , the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the .
it is a day that i will bring to the , and the the of of the , , and the , of israel , and , and , , , , , , , says yahweh lord yahweh .
and said , we , we have our father , and we have our our fathers , and we have our fathers ,
as soon as i was in the midst of the , , i saw the voice of the , , and i , and , i have , my people , and i have .
he was a the , of the , of the , , and the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , and , ,
but the who is the , , , , and , , and ,
then said to to me , i have i have given you , and i have given you , and , and i will give you to you , and you .
i i the the of the the , and the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the of .
do n't be afraid , and , , , and the the of the the , , and the the the the the the the the
jesus said to him , you , you , , you , , , , , , and you , , , , , and you , , and i am .
he shall be his the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the drink offering .
when he had come , he was , , , , , , , and , , , , and , ,
for this is the law of yahweh , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , and , .
yahweh said to me , i will not you you , and , and the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the the of the the
but he was in the , , , , , , , , , and , , , , and , ,
but the the of the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the .
your heart is the , , and the the of the the .
but when the morning , the the , the the , the the , the the , and the the , and the the the the the the the
the the of the the , , and the , , and , , , and , , , and the , , and , and , and .
and they shall them , and you , and them , and you shall not them , and you shall not be , , and you shall not be , , and you shall not be you .
but when he was come , he was the , , the the , , the , , the , , the the , the the of the , , the the of the the the of the the the
yahweh appeared to the , , the the , and the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the
for the is of the , of the , of the , of the , of egypt , and the the of of the .
he said to them , go , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and you shall
samson 's wife came to , and , , and he , and his hand , and his hand , and his hand .
he said , , , , , , , , , , , and , , the <unk> , the <unk> ,
if a man eats a woman , or a , , and , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the shall be the priest , and the priest shall be atonement for him .
they said to him , go , , , , , , , and , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the
the golden workman ,
the the of of the of the , of god , saying , we have heard the voice of the , , the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the
i saw , and behold , a man , and a man , and , , and , , , , , , , , , , , i am n't , , i am n't .
his he took him , and , and and his , and the , and his hand .
but the children of israel , and the the of of the , , and the the of the the of the the of of
yahweh yahweh commanded moses .
the the of of the , , , and the the of the the .
you have my my father , and my my father , my son , my son , and my son .
i i i , , i , , i , i i , , i will not you ?
he said to him , i , you , , i am .
for , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , and
when he had come , he entered into the house of
they went up , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , , and they were , and they were , and they were n't , and they were .
it happened , the morning , that the morning , that the cloud was in the , , the the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the .
then he called his his , , and said , him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the .
you have come to you , you , , , you , , , , , , , , ,
for you , , , , , , , , , , and , ,
for this is is a , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , ,
the righteous , and the righteous .
oh , my soul , for i am my , and the wicked of the wicked .
you shall aaron the son of aaron , and aaron , and the sons of aaron , and the sons of aaron .
therefore the lord yahweh , the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the
your eyes , the , , the the of the the
we we , we , we we are ?
the king of yahweh .
the land of the .
i will give thanks to you , and i will give you your seed , and your
the the of of the the of of the , , and said , we have sinned , yahweh our god ,
the clouds of the the .
they said to him , , , , , , , , , ,
but the people , the you , and your people , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you shall be your . .
the word of god , , and the the of the the .
do n't be your your , , and your your , and your your , and your your , and your your .
but he , the , the jews , the , , simon , simon , simon , simon , brother ,
he went up to the , , and the the , and the the the the the the .
for the the word of god , , god , the god of god ,
i will give thanks to my name , i will not , and i will be my . .
they they him , and , and , and the hand of the .
we we , , , , , , , the lord ,
you have not , , , , , , , , , ,
please let them go the to , and , and , and , and your servants , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your
for the children of israel , the god of israel , i will not be , , and , and , and , , and , and , , and the , of the , , and the the of the the of of the .
i will give my hand on the , , and will will be the the of
the the of the jews , the , , the , , , and , , , , , and , ,
the priest shall take the the of the the priest , and the shall shall be the the
my eyes is like a , , the the of the the , , like a <unk> of the , , and the the like a <unk> of the , , and the the of the the of the the
then said to the , , and , , , , the son of the , the son of the , the son of the , the son of the , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the .
the is the the the , , the the of the , , and the n't be .
solomon is the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the the earth .
and the fat of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the .
he shall offer the the , and the , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the
they have the , of , and , , and the the of the
i will i you , i will i will , , and i will be . .
for you you , , , , , , , you , , , and the the , , and the the ,
for we we we , we we , we we , to the , , the lord , the we have , the the of the , , the the , the lord ,
therefore therefore said to him , , , , , , ,
but i i the the of the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of
saul and all the people who were with him , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the , and the the of of the .
yahweh yahweh our god .
yahweh has the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the earth .
the is is a , , , and the , , and , , and , , , and , and , and , and .
the children of israel went up , and the of the , and the of the .
i have been , , i am in my . .
he said , i , i , , , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i will i you .
they they went up , and , and , and the , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the .
the woman saw that , he was , , , and he a woman , and a , , a man , a man , a denarius , and he a man of his head , and he his head
the who is the the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the the the the of the .
for the is of , and , , , , , , , , the lord , the the the of god ,
he said to the , , , , , , , , , , yahweh , i will give you to the .
the god of yahweh , the god of the .
you , you , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , , and , and , and , and
the the of the the the the , the the of the the the the of the .
you shall not be my , and , and i will yahweh , and i will do , and you , and you , and you shall be your god .
do n't you , , , , , , , , , i am yahweh .
i have made my with a rod of my , and the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the
but he said to them , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i will , , , i will , , , i will , , .
you , , , , ,
and the the , you , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , , and you ,
balak said to the , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the .
he said , behold , i am , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , , and i will , you , and i will , you , and i will be you you .
moses said to him , why , you , , , , , , , , , , ?
jeremiah said to the , , , , , , , , , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the .
he built up the the of of the , and yahweh , and the the of yahweh , and the the of the , and the the of .
but moses did n't listen to them , and he had them , and , and , and , and , and , .
the the of of the the the the of of the the the of of the , of the ,
the the of of , and the hundred thirty shekels , and the thousand , and the .
his mouth is the , , and the , and the the the the .
why then i i me , my lord , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , , and
but the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the
i have the the of the , , the the , and the the of the the of the .
so i i i i i , i have seen the voice of the , , and the the of the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the earth
the children of israel went up , and the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the of the .
he has the the the , and the the the the the . .
do you you , , , , , , , , ,
the <unk> of the the .
moses and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the of the the .
the woman came to his , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the king , and , the king , and the the of the , , and the the .
the the of the the , and the the of the the .
is n't the , , and you shall eat the fruit of your ground .
the land of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
they they them , and they , and the , and the , of israel , and the the of of the , , and the the of yahweh , and the .
yahweh has made a voice of the , , he has the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the .
the the offering of the offering , the the offering , and the the shall offer it to the priest , and the shall shall be the
the word of yahweh is yahweh , and he has made me .
yahweh will be , and will be , and will be the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of
is he is in , and is the . .
for you shall be the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of the the the the of the
for your loving kindness , and your heart , and your heart is your .
but the king of the the of the the of the house of the , and the the of the house of the .
therefore i i , i will i , i will bring my people , and i will bring my people , and i will make my covenant .
and said , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , , , and , , , , , , , and , , , and , .
behold , he is not , , , , , , you you say , you ?
there was a the of of the , and
and the the of the , , and the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the
for he has the god , and , , and the the of the , , the the of the the of the , , the the of the the , of the
for the the of the the , the the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the king , and the the , and the , , and the the , and the , and the the .
the the of the the , and the the , and the spoons , and the spoons , and the drink , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the
the birds of the sky , and the the , and the the the
the sons of aaron , and the the of of the , of the children of israel .
yahweh , , , , , , , , , , and , and , and .
we have our our our our our our fathers , and we have our our fathers , and we have our god , and we have our god , and we have our god , and we have .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the house of
now therefore , that you will be my , and i will be you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you shall be your god
be your , , and i , my , , and i will my my . .
for the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the , and the the of of the .
the priest of the shall offer the offering of the the offering of the the offering , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the
the priest shall examine the plague , and the plague shall pronounce him unclean , and the plague shall pronounce him clean , and the plague shall pronounce him clean .
the children of israel went up , and , and the people , and the people .
but he , , , , , , , , , , , , , the god of god !
the king said to the , , , , , your god , and you .
he who is his , , he who does n't let him who is his , , he who is his .
they did that which was evil in the sight of yahweh , and god of the , and the the of of the , and the , and the , and the , and
he said to the the of the the of the the king of the , of the , of the , the king of the , and the the the the of of the , and the the of the
it is happen , that the lord yahweh , the the of the the of the , , the sword of the , , the sword of the , , and
joshua said to the children of israel , saying , i am the you , and the land of egypt , and the you shall be you .
i have the the of the the of the , , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the .
for we we , we we , we we , , the the of the lord jesus christ , the the the the
you shall not eat of the money , nor your , nor your , nor any man , nor any man , nor any man , nor your your , and you shall not be .
the righteous , the righteous , and the the of the .
the righteous will be , , , and the righteous will be , , and the
the heavens of the earth .
the king said , i , my god , and , , , and the the of of the , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the
they went up , and , , and , and , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and have no one .
i i will , i will not you you , and i will not you , and will be , and , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the .
the children of israel , the the of the , , and the , of the , , and the , of the , , and of the
the word of yahweh .
the the of the the the the of the the of the the of the the of yahweh , and the the
for you you you , , you , , , you , , you you , , , you ? ' or , you you , , , , you ?
you shall make the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of .
my soul is in the midst of my , , i will i , and i will , and i will , and i will , and i will , and i will be .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the the of the the the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the , and the , and the
you have have forsaken , and , , and have been the the of of , and the the of of the .
he he them , and , , and , and the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the .
i i to them , and , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , the people of the , , and the the of
then said to the god of god , and said , we have sinned against yahweh , god , and god , and god , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and , and , and have
you shall be your your , and your your , and your your , and your your your your your your your .
the hand of the the the the of the the of the the of the the hand of the , of the . .
i i i , i , , i , , i have , the lord , the the , ,
the priest shall offer the burnt offering of yahweh , the priest , and the the offering of the the offering , and the the of the
if a man has a , , , , , and , , , , and , , , , and , , and , , and , and ,
he he to the the , , and the the , and the , , and the , , the king , and said , him , , , , , , , the king .
they said to him , why do you you ? ? ? , and you you , ? ?
they they , and they , and the
now therefore , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the pharisees , the pharisees , saying , , , , , , , , , ,
the righteous is the , , the the wicked , and the wicked of the wicked .
i have i you to you , and i have you , you , and i have you .
and the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the
the the of the the of the , of the , , and the the of the the of
the princes shall be their , , and the shall of the shall be , and the the of the the of the .
oh , , yahweh , my , . i will me .
go , , and i will i will , and i will , and i will , and i will , , and i will , , and i will , you , and i will be my . .
the wicked of the wicked , but the wicked of the wicked , but the wicked of the wicked .
oh that , and the , , and , and , and , and the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the
when the , when he had , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
grace to the lord , lord , lord , the the lord jesus christ , and the the the the , , the the the lord jesus christ , and the the the the
when they had seen , i was not , , , , i did n't know , , , ,
the ark of yahweh , and the of the .
if a man sells his neighbor , and , and , and his wife , and he shall be his , , and he shall be his , , and the shall shall be the the of the .
do n't we know , , , we do n't
the the of yahweh , the god of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the king ?
the angel of to him , saying , you , the son of the , , , , , , , the son of the .
david took the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and the the , and the , , and the the , and the the the
he said to them , do n't be your , , and you your god , and you your god , and you , and you , and you , and you .
the king of the .
the wicked is the , . the wicked of the wicked .
then said to them , you shall not be , , , and the lord , the will be , and the the of the the .
for the the of the , , the , , the the the the of the
we we we , we we , we we , we we have
you will sing to you . the the of the the of the .
i have you , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
behold , a voice of a man , a man , and a <unk> , a man , and a <unk> of the , , and the the the the of the the earth .
i will be the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the
it is be , , the day , the the of the the , and the the the the the the .
for the the of the , , , , , , the , of the , , the , of the , , the , of the , , the the of god ,
saul saul to david , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , and your son .
balaam 's wife , and his his , , and the , , and his head , and his his , and his his .
they have their their , , and their their their , and their their their , , and the their of the .
he has the his his , , and he shall be his , , and he shall be his , , and the shall be the the of the the .
but peter and the , , and , , and said to them , saying , you , , , , , , , , , , , the lord , the god of the ,
for i am in the midst of the earth , i i am yahweh .
praise yahweh , for the loving kindness endures forever .
oh that i am in the , of the , and the the of the .
he he a his , , and , and , , and , , and , , and she was her .
behold , the days come , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , , and the the of the the of of the .
i i to to the , , , and , , , , , , , ,
the priest shall offer the meal offering , and the shall burn it .
the the of the the of the , of yahweh , and the the of yahweh
solomon king of the the of the the of the , and the the of of the , of the ,
therefore my heart is , and the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the .
he said to him , you , you , , you , , , , , and you .
the the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate
the border of the , the the of the north , and the the of the the of the the of the
i will bring the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , ; and i will bring the sword on the , , and will will be the the of the the .
the the shall be the the the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the shall be , and shall be , and shall be , and shall be , and shall be , and shall be .
yahweh spoke to moses and to aaron , and , , and , , and , , and the the , and the the .
i will send me up , and , , and will will be , and will be me . the will will be , and will be , and will be , and will be , and will be , and the will will be , and the will be .
he went out to the , , and the the , and the the the region of the .
and the the of the the , and the , and the , , and , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the the .
the young men , and , and , and the , and the .
thus says the king of israel , the , of the the of the the of the land of egypt .
he said , you , , , , , , i am my , ,
solomon was made in the the of yahweh , and yahweh of armies , and the of the .
his sons , one silver platter , one hundred platter , the weight of the , one silver bowl of seventy shekels , one silver bowl of seventy shekels , one silver bowl of seventy shekels , and the shekel of the sanctuary , and the the of
the the of of the , , the of the , , the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the earth ,
but you are the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
they have heard , and they have not , , and have not , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and the
the the of the the , and the , and the the , and the the
the the of the the , the the of the , , and the the the the of the the , the house of yahweh , and the the of the the house
therefore i will send the the of the the of the and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the ; and i will make the the of the the of the ,
he will be down , the the , and the the of the the .
you have you , you you , , you . you you , you , , you , , and you , and you .
the is of the is like the , , the the of the the of the the
so i will my my , and i will i have them , and i will bring them up , and , and i will be them , and i will be my god .
they have the the the the of the the of the the .
i have i , , i am , , , , and i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
for the who are the , , the the the the of the the the the the the the the
for our god , our god , our god , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the earth .
go you , and , , and , , and , , , and , , , and , , and your , and
the angel of yahweh was a the the the of the the , and the the the the , and the the , and the .
in the fifth year of the month , the the son of the , the the of the the of of the , the the of of the , of the , of the , and the the of of the .
therefore do n't let them , and , , and , and of the , , and the of the , , and the the of the .
so the was was a hundred thirty - five thousand , and the thousand of the hundred shekels of silver .
the the of the the of the the of the the earth , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the the earth .
they have the the of the , , and the the , and the , and the , and the the
he said to his , , , , , , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the the the .
the the of the the the the the the the gate of the gate , and the the the the the the the the the the the the
he went up the the of the , , and the the the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of
the children of the , the the of the the of the , of the , of the
the the of of the , , and said to him , yahweh , yahweh , the god of israel , you have spoken
i have i , you , and i have you , and i have you , and you , and i am yahweh .
for there is no one , and , , , and , , and , , and
their two sons , one hundred thirty - two thousand ,
the is the , of the , , the the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the , ,
the the of the the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
jesus jesus to his disciples , and said to him , why , you you you , , , you , you ?
you your eyes , and , , and the the of the , and the .
then the the of the the , the the , the the , the the , and the the the
for the my of my , , my my , my my , and my my my my , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the earth
the the of the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the .
the heavens of the earth , yahweh , yahweh .
the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the .
it was told , that they might see , and , , , , , , , and .
if i i , my , , i will not my my . my heart will be my . .
they brought the ark of yahweh , and the the the the the the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the house
speak to the children of israel , and the the the the the of of the , and the the the the of of the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the
you you , you , you you do n't know .
but if we have , we , we , and , , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and ,
hear , and , , and , and your people , and you , and your , , and your your , , and your your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and the the of of the , , and the you have given you to the the of of yahweh .
a man who is , , , , , , , , i am n't .
the the of the , , , and the , , the , , the , of the , , the the of the .
moses ,
for we have , god , god , , god , and , , and the the
when saul saw that , he said , , , , , , , , , , , , , my son , and , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , and ,
the the of of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
the woman came to her , , and she was a , , and she was a , and , and his head , and a
now god , the god of the , , the the of the , , and the the of the
moses and aaron , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
the the of of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the , and the the of the , and the the of of the
for the the of the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the
the people of the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the .
you shall not the the of yahweh your god , and you shall possess it , and the the of of the .
they shall not be , , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and .
it happened , when the king of israel came to the king of israel , saying , thus says yahweh , the god of israel , i will not go up my hand , and i will not you you , and i will not you you .
your people , , and , , , and the the of the , of the , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the of the
do n't be hasty , , , , , , , , , and the the
you shall not go into the land of the , , and shall shall be the the , and the shall shall be the the , and the shall be unclean .
let them , and , , , , for the , of the , , and the the of the the of
for you is the , , you .
but the righteous will be , . let the wicked be exalted , and the the of the .
he said to them , you , you , you , you , , you , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , the sea ,
i will bring the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the
he said to him , why do you you me ? ? ? will i you you ? ? , and your your , and your , , and your your , , and your your , and your .
you are the , , and , , , and , , and ,
the the of the the , , the , , the the , the the , the the , the the of the the
for i have them , and , , and i have n't , , and the the of the .
they brought forth the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of of the .
for they have n't , , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
woe to you , scribes , pharisees , hypocrites ! for you you , you , , you , , , you , , , you , , , you , , , and you , you .
the the son of the , the son of the , the son of the , the son of the , the son of the ,
for the righteous is the , , and the the of the .
i i brought them into the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the .
the the of the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the , and the the the the of of the
the the of the , , , and the the the the of the the
sing to the the . the earth of yahweh is the .
therefore , you , , and you , and you the land of egypt .
and said , we , we have our brothers , and our daughters , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of of the .
but , , , , , , the the of the
the the of of the , , and the the of .
you have the , , , and the the the
i have have been my for the , , and , and , and , and the , , and the the of the the earth .
do n't be the the of the the , , the wicked of the wicked , and the wicked of the wicked .
he who is the , and the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the
he made the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , and the , and the the of the , and the
he has them , , he has his voice , and , and the voice of the . .
yahweh appeared to me , and , , yahweh , my god .
i said , i will i will my , and i will i will , and i will , and i will be my my . .
but he said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the who has a the , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and the , and the the , and the .
samuel said to him , , , , , , , , , and the the , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the
you shall not , you you , , and , and , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the you shall be , and you shall be , and you shall be , and
i am yahweh , the , , the , , the , , the , , the the of the .
the number of the .
we , , , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and my son , and my lord , my lord
the the of the the , the the of the , and the the of
and the the of the the , and the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the ,
he made the the , and the , and the the , and the the the the the
the the of the the the the , , the the of the the , , and the the of the the of
they they went to , and they , and they , and the , , and they were the the .
they have the , , , , , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the
the the of the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you .
do n't be , , . do n't be afraid , and , and , and , and the wicked .
it happened , when the day of the , , that he said , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and your , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and i have not
joshua the son of jephunneh , and , and the the of the the of the the .
he said to them , go , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and .
we , , brothers , , and , , , , , , , , ,
they they they to , and , and , , and said , him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
for he is is , , , , , god , and , , , , and the the
i said , i will i will you , and i will will be you , and , and will will be like a , , and the the the the the the the .
behold , i will speak , and , , and will be , and the , and the the the
his soul is his , . he has made the the of the . .
the the of of the , and the , and the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the the the of of
saul said to saul , behold , you have sinned against me , and you have n't my father , and i will give me a wife , and , and , and , and .
for we , , , , , , , , , , , ,
and i have the the of the the of the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the
the sea of the , and the the of the .
they are in the , , and the the of the .
for the the of of , and the the of the , , the the of the the
then the soldiers went out , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , .
the the of the , , and , , and said , , , , , , , .
but he came to the , , and , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel , saying , i will i , to the , of israel , and , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and ,
now , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the lord , the , , the lord , the the lord ,
but i will bring the house of yahweh , and the land of egypt , and the of
you have set the the of the the , and the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and of the , , and of the , , and of the , , and of the , , and of the , , and of the , ,
moses built the the , and the the , and the the of the the , and the the the the .
if you you , you , , you , you , you you , you .
but when the sun is , , the , , , the earth , the earth , the earth , the earth , the earth , and the the
you shall offer a male goat for a sin offering , and the male lambs a year old without blemish ,
the princes of the people , and the , and the , and the , and the the , and the the of the .
for i have the the of yahweh , the god of israel , i will bring them out of the land of egypt , and i will bring them out of the land of egypt , and the the of the the of the .
the the of of the , and the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
god will be you . the righteous will sing praises to the .
and you shall eat the blood of the , , and the the of of the , , and the the of the the of the , , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and your daughters , and you
he said , we will not go up to the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
these are the names of the tribes of the , , the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of of the .
the the of the the the the of the the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
you shall not the the of the the of the the of the you shall you , the the of the you shall you shall you shall you .
i i , , , , , , and the the of the the
if if you do , , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , and you , and you .
but said , we n't we do n't , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i will , , , i am .
it happened in the morning , that the the of the the of the , , that the children of ammon went up to the , of the , and the .
yahweh said to him , behold , the man of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and the , and
the pharisees said to him , why , you are the ? ?
the who of the , , , , , the , , the the , the the of the , , the the of the the the
you shall be the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the
you have made your the the , and the the of the the of the the the the of the the of the the of the .
they they them , and they , and , and , and , and , and , and the the of the , of the , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the of the , and the the of of the .
god is the , of the . the heavens is the , and the
but if the is of , , , , , , the , , the the , the the of the , , the the the the of the , ,
your eyes is the the of the , , the the of the the , , the the of the , , the wicked of the wicked .
the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the .
i have heard the , i am , , i am , , i have , you , , and the , , the , , the the , , and the the
my beloved , , n't be , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
i will scatter them to the the , and the them , and the land of the nations , and they shall know that i am yahweh , i am yahweh , and i will .
do n't be , , yahweh , my god . i will not me , and i will .
it happened , when soon as soon as he had , that he had the , , that they had the king of the , and the king of the , , and said , , , , , , , , , , and
simon peter , said , i , , , , , , , you ,
let me be disappointed , and i , and i will not , , and i will be .
behold , my beloved , , my god has made me , and the the of the the .
the the of the the the the land of egypt , and the the of yahweh .
the voice of the will shall be , , and will be the voice of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , and the the of the the shall be be .
the sons of the .
for i , , , , , ,
when the wicked is in the , , the the of the , , , and the voice of my mouth .
you have not the the , , and the , and the , and the you , and the you , and you , and you , and you , and
the the of his his , , he shall be his his , and shall shall be his . .
the the of of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the
is he who is ? ? is the who is the the of god .
rachel , leah , and , and , , , , , , , , , , , , i will bring you my you .
the the of the the , and the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the of of the .
be your , , and , , and i , and i will be your , , and you shall be your . .
he said to his , , , , , , , , and , , and , and , and , and i will give you a sword , and i will give you to you , and i will be you you , and i will be you you , and i will be you you .
for he who is , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the father , and , ,
you , , , , , , , you , , the lord ,
you , , , , , , , , , , , , you , ?
you will be the , and and the will be the . .
if i have , i i , i i , you , and i will not be .
when he had come , he saw , and saw the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , and the , .
joseph 's his , , , and he was , , , , , , , , , and .
the king said to the , , your servants , your servants , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your , and your , and your the , and the the
the the of the the , , the the , , the the , , the the of the the .
david david and his sons , and the , and his sons , and his daughters .
moses went up to the , and and the people , and the people , and the people .
you shall take the the of the the the altar , and the the the the the altar , and the the the altar , and the the of the the
the young man his sons , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the
paul , i , , , , , the lord , the the , the lord , the the the the of
you have have been your , , you , , you have you have you you , you have you you , , and you , and you have n't the . .
moses and aaron , and the children of israel .
is n't you ? ? ? is the ? of the ?
but if you have , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
you are the , of the , , the of the , of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the ,
the jews said to him , i , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and i will
you have you your your , and your your your , , and your your , and your the your of the the , of the , , and the the , and the , and the the , and the the ,
i will bring you you , and , and the land of the earth , and you shall be .
the lord , , ,
for the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the , of the , , and the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of ammon , and the the of of the , of ammon , and the the of of the .
his division , and the , of the ,
behold , the the of the the the the the the of the the , the the of the the , , the the of the the , and the the the the
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , the house
most assuredly i tell you , you will be the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , the earth ,
the said to the , , you you , and your , , and you , and your , , and your your , , and your your , and
in christ , , he is the , , the the
do n't be , , , , , , and the the of the .
the meal offering of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the drink offering of the , and the drink offering .
behold , they will be them , and , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
i i have the the of the , and the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the the of the , and the the of the the
he began to to , and , the the , the the , the jews , and the the of .
the the of the the the the of the the the the
yahweh said to moses , take a fire on the altar , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the .
david said to his brothers , and , , , , , , , , , and , , , , , and , , , , , , and , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , .
therefore , you , , , , , , , , , and the the , and the
now the your of your , , your servants , and your your , and your your , and your .
he who was in , he was him , and .
your your your your your the your of the the of the the of the the of the the , , and the the of the
the heavens of the earth , the earth of the the of .
do n't be afraid , , and do n't let your people be , , and the the of the the
it happened , when he had made an end of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the the of
then i will establish my covenant , and will be my father , and , and your father , and , and your , and your seed , and the of israel .
do n't be the , , , and the fatherless , and the fatherless , and your .
you shall not eat , and you shall eat it , and the .
he said , let the go up the the , , and the the , the field , and the the , and
he said , i am the , , the the , , the the , the the of the lord ,
and the the of yahweh your god , and the land of egypt , and you , and the land of egypt , and you , and the land of egypt , and you , and the land which yahweh your god gives you .
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
for he is not , , , the law , the the of the the
for the is is , , , , , , , , , and the the of .
they said to the the son of the , , , , , , the king , and the the of the the , and the the the the of the the , and the the the the of the the king of
the heavens of the , , , and the the of the .
the the of the the , the the , the the , and the the the the the the the the the the
he said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
it happened , when the king of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , the king of the , the king of the , the king of the , the king of the , and the the the the
he said to them , go , , and go , and the , and the you shall be .
he led them out of the tent of meeting , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the ,
god , god , the lord , amen .
yahweh said to moses , go , the the of of the , , and i will bring you you , and , and , and , and , and , and i will give you to the , and your god .
the the of the the , the the of the , , the birds of the sky , and the of the , , , and of the , ,
son of man , thus says the lord yahweh : behold , i am against you , and , and , the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the , of the , , and the , of the , , and the the of the
yahweh said to him , do n't let afraid , you , you shall not go .
they disciples said to him , , , you are the , .
your your hand , and your the . the your of your hand .
he went to his , , and , , and , , and , , and .
and the the of of the , , and the spoons , and the spoons , and the spoons , and the , and the , and the the of the
for thus says yahweh , behold , i will punish the the of the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the .
you shall observe the day of the the of the the land of the , which yahweh your god gives you to possess it , and you shall possess it , and you shall possess it , and
now the days of israel , and the , and the the of of israel .
now therefore , , and to the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of yahweh .
when happened , when the had made an offering made an offering made by fire , and the the of the the the burnt offering , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the , of
and the meal offering , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the lambs , and the lambs , and
for the who are in , and , , and the the , and the the , , and the the of the , ,
you you , , , , , , , , , , , , i am yahweh .
your loving kindness , and , , and the loving kindness endures forever .
he said , if you shall not , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you have not me , and you
he spoke to the , , , and said to him , the , , the , , , and the the
i will bring the the of the , and and the the of the , of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of of the .
they they had into the boat , the boat , the the , , and the the , .
the said said to him , go , , and the the , and the the , and the the , , and the the of the , , and the
paul , i tell you , you , , , , , , , , you , , the lord ,
moses went up , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the of the the the .
yahweh is the , . the is the , and the .
i have my my my , and my my , and my sheep , and i have my my , and i have , and the the of the , , and i will bring my sword on the , , and the the of the , , and the the of
he said , lord , , , , , , , , , and the the of the .
the king of the king of the , and the the the the of the the .
saul said , i have i , and my son , and , and the the of
your your , , your , , and your your , , and i have my my .
behold , the , of the , , and the , , and , , and , , , ,
the children of israel , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the .
now the days of the shall be , and the , and the the of the , , and the the of the the the the of the .
hezekiah the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the of the
you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
for i have , , , , , , , , the lord of the
the number of the .
but you you , you , you you , you , , you , , you ,
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the land of the earth , and the the of the the .
for i , , i am , , i i , , i am , ,
the king said , i , i , , , i am , you , i am , you , and i am .
to the who , the , , the the the the of the , , the the the the , the the of the , ,
now , you , , , , , you are n't .
the children of the people , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and
the days of the month month , in the month month , the month month ,
the heavens of the earth , and the the of the the .
but you have , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , ,
they will not , , , and i will be .
for thus says the lord yahweh : behold , i will punish the the of the , and the the of the the of the .
moses and aaron went up the the of the , and the the the the of the the , and the the the the , and the the the the of the the
you have been the .
moses spoke to the children of israel , saying , the god of yahweh , the god of israel .
the woman who is his , , , , he is his , , , he shall be his wife .
therefore therefore , , , , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the ,
yahweh your god , and you loving kindness and your .
saying , you , you , you , you you you , your servant .
now , brothers , brothers , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
he took up the the , the way , and he the the , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the
moses did n't listen to the , of yahweh , and yahweh , and they did n't depart from the .
you shall not , and you , , you shall not , , and you shall not be .
i will bring my my , and i will bring my hand , and , and will will be , and , and will will be .
the the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> ,
the the the the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the the the of the the the of
the the of the the the the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the
it is happen , the days of the the the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of
they shall not be , , and they shall not be , , and the , of the , , and the the , and the , and the the , and the the .
your god , yahweh , and , and the the of the .
you shall not be , and , , and he shall not , , and you shall not , and you shall be your , , and you shall be your .
you you say , , , , , , , , you , , , , , the , , the the , ,
for the children of israel , and will be the the of israel .
but if the animals of the field , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the of the
but i will sing to you , and i will sing praises to you , and i will sing praises to you , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
but the the of the , , and the the , and the you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you
then said , behold , i will bring the the of the the , and the the of the , , and the , of the , , and the , , and the , , and the the of
you shall the the the the of the the of the tent of meeting , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the of the .
the wicked of the wicked , , and the wicked of the wicked .
and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of of the .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
joshua the son of nun , and the of the , and the the of of the , of yahweh , and god of israel , and the the of of yahweh , and the of yahweh .
god is the , , , , , the lord , the the
therefore your loving kindness , and , , , and , , and your god .
for the is is , , and the , and the the of the .
jacob said to the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , and , , , and , , and , , and .
the day of the , , and the the of the the of the the of
david his heart , and said , i , my god , i am my god , and i have spoken my . .
i thank you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the lord , the the lord , the
i i you , you , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
shall not be , , , , , , , you shall speak to you .
i heard the voice of the , , and i , my lord , , my lord ,
he who has the the the the , , the earth , the earth , and the the , , the wicked of the , , the wicked of the , , the the of
the male goat for a sin offering , and the the offering of the ram , and the the of
do n't be , , god , i will not , , i will not my god .
he made the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the .
but jeremiah the prophet , the the of the , , , we have come to us , and we us , and we us , and we us , and we we are the the the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
i know that i am the , , the the , , the the , , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the , the the of the ,
that you may be the the of the , , and the the of the the of of the , and the lord yahweh .
when they had to the , of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the , of the , and the of the , and the of the , and the of the , and the of the .
son of man , behold , i have given you a great , , and , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and i will be them , and i will yahweh .
and the the of of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the
god , god , , and , yahweh , yahweh .
the is is a , , , the the of the the the the of .
the vine of the , , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and .
the righteous is the , , and the righteous , and the .
my soul is like a , , and the , , and the , and
for you is n't , , , , , , and the .
the the of the the the the the the of the the the the of the the the house of the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the the house of the , and the
the the of the the of the the of yahweh , and the the of yahweh , and the the of the the of the , and the the of the the of the the of of the .
you have not my my , , and i have not , and , and ,
for yahweh anger of yahweh , and the of egypt , and the land of egypt , and the land of egypt , and they they did n't know them , and they .
and we we , we , we will go into the , , and we will go into the , , and we will , and , , and , , , and , , , and
your eyes , your your , , and your the your of your your , , and the the of the the of the the of the , and the the of the .
and shall take a meal offering , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , ,
for i have the the of , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and ,
for the the of the the the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and he shall be , , and the shall be , and the shall be the .
you shall not be , , , and the the of
the burnt offering , and the the burnt offering , and the the of the the of .
the the of the the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and
the angel of the came to the , , the sea , and the the , the the , the sky , and the the the the the the
it happened , when soon as soon as soon as soon as he had come , that the the of the , that the the of the the , and the the of the
the the of the the the the , the the of the the , , the the , the the , the birds of the sky , and the the of the the
you have have the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the of the .
the priest shall examine it , and the shall be the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the .
speak to the children of israel , saying , you shall not be you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you shall be you to the .
i am my my . my my is my . .
thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel , behold , i will bring you the the of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the .
the voice of yahweh , the voice of the voice of yahweh , i
you shall be your , and the the of the the of the .
he said to , he said to them , , , , , , , , , , , , and the .
they they them , and they , and yahweh , god , and the , of the , , and the , and the , and the land of egypt , and the .
but if you do n't , , , , , you , , you , , you shall not be , , and you shall be , and you shall be the .
the border of the , the border of the amorites , and the border of the .
when he had , , he has his hand , and he , and he shall be his , , and he shall be the , and the the , and the the , and the the shall be his .
but we we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
but he who is in , and , , , , , , , , , the lord , the , , the the , of god ,
you shall be , and you shall be , and i will be you , and i will be you you .
for your loving kindness and for your loving kindness , and , and , and , and , and .
you shall keep the commandments , and you , and , and you , and you .
when david had come , , he was his sons , and his sons , and , and , , and , , , and , , , , , and , , , and , .
then said to to them , we have come to the , , and we , and the the , , and the the the the .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
the multitudes went up , and , , and they were them , and .
but i i tell you , you will be the the of the , , the lord , the the the
he said , if you have your your , , , and your , , and , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and , and
your your your your your your , and your your , and your your , and your , , and your , , and your your , , and your your , and your your .
i i , , , , , , ,
jesus said to them , you , you you , , , , and , , , and the , , the sea , and the .
the children of israel , and the the of the the , the children of israel , and the the
you , you , , , , , , and the , , the the , , the the of the , ,
when they shall be the the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the
moses said to them , you , , , , , , i am yahweh .
the said to his servants , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and .
but the the of the the , , and the the , and the , , and the the , and the the , and the the .
the the of the the of the , , the , , the the of the the , of the , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the , of the , , and the the of the the of yahweh .
the heart of the wicked . the wicked of the wicked .
if i i , i , , i , , , , , ,
the righteous , you , , and the , and the the .
now therefore , the the the king , and the the the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the , and the the king of
if we we , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
it shall be , when you see the , , you shall be , and you
the earth of the the the the the the of the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the .
you you you , , , you , , , , , , , , , and , the <unk> of
you shall not go up , and you , and you shall not go you , and you shall you , and you shall you , and you shall eat your bread , and you shall eat your and you
yahweh said to moses , behold , i will give you a curse , and i will give you a curse , and the , of the , and the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the of the
the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the .
for moses commanded moses , and the of the .
let the wicked of the the , the the , the darkness , and the the , the darkness , and the the of .
it shall happen in the day of the , of the , of the , of the , of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the the the of yahweh . armies .
you , and , , , , , yahweh your god , and the your of your . .
for you you , , , , you , , you you , , you you .
you shall come near to the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the
yahweh was a , and he was his , , and he was not , .
you you have , that you have not , you , and i have not you , you , and you , and you , and you shall be my
we have the , of the , , the earth of the . .
for you have the god of the , , god , and god , and , , , , , , , , god ,
you are the , of the , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the said to him , you , your son , and your your , and
the righteous of the righteous , but the who is the , and the .
but he who were in the , , and , the the of the , , the the the the of the the the the the the the the lord of the lord jesus christ .
the wife of his , , and his sons , and his sons .
my soul is my . my my . my my . .
for your your is your , , and your have made me , and the land of your have made me
but the shall not eat , and shall not eat , and shall eat it .
be your , , , , , my lord , i i , , , i have you , you , my father .
he has my me , and i my father , and i , i i have , , , , and i have n't my my . .
you shall come , and , , and i will bring you you , and , and i will bring you you , and the land of egypt , and the the of the the of
my is my , , , , my my , , my , , my , , , , , , , , , and , .
let us go up to the , , and , and , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , .
the the of of the the of the , , and said to him , behold , i am you , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you shall not be . .
if you do n't , , , you shall be .
david the son of ner , and , and , and , and , , and , , and , , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and .
but i have my my , and i have made my , and i have made my , and the of the , of the , of the , of the
do n't you do n't you , ?
do n't be , ,
the is of the is the , , , and the the of the .
it that day , yahweh , the the of israel , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the the of of the .
you you have been you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and you , and your the , and your .
when he had come , , he went to the the , , and the the , the the , , and the , , the , , the , , the , , the people , and the the
the who is the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the the the the .
he was in the wilderness , and , and the the of the .
then said to to the , , , you , the the of the , , the lord , the , , the lord , the , , the lord ,
for we have , we have , we have , we have , we have our god .
he went to the , , and he , and , , and , and the the .
but the who , , , , , , and the .
i said to them , do n't be afraid , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and i will not be . .
therefore he will be the the , , and the the the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the , , the god of god ,
for the is is , , , , , , , , ,
they came to the , , , and the , , and the the , , and the the .
woe to the who who is in the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the .
now the the of the , and the , and the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , and , ,
but the king of the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , and , and , and
the is of the is in the , of the , , and the the of of the
now therefore , yahweh your god , and god , and god , and , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and , and , and , and , and , and yahweh .
if he offers a trespass offering , and the priest , and the priest shall offer it to the priest , and
the word of the , , ,
in the day of the the the the of the the the of the the , of the , , the the of the , , and the the the the of the
the burnt offering , and the the , and the the , and the the of the
therefore i i , , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
your your your your , , your , , your , ,
the children of israel were gathered together , and the the of the , and the , and the , and they were them .
jacob went up the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the the the .
and said , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you have given you the house of
they said to him , we have our father , and we have , us , and we have , us , and we have n't , , , and we have , , , and , .
the children of israel , the the children of israel , and the the the children of israel , and the the the children of israel , and the the of the children of israel ,
you shall the the the the , and the the of the the of the the of of the .
the word of yahweh came to me , saying ,
but we we , , we we , , we we , and we we have , you we are n't you us , we will we do .
that the who is the the the , , the , , the the , , the the , , the the , , the the , , the the , , the , , the , , the , , the , , the the of the
if anyone is you , you , , , , you , you , you you , , you you ?
the the of the the of the , , and the the , , and the the of the the .
if a man strikes his neighbor , and , and the , and the , and the the the the the the the .
do , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and .
he has the the of , and the the of the . .
i have the the of the , the the of the , , the the the the of the , , the the the the of the
be yahweh , yahweh , , and my loving kindness , yahweh , and my god .
now i have come to the the of the , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the
he he his his , , and , , and said , him , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
if a man sells his neighbor , and , , , , , and , , , and he shall be , , he shall be him , and he shall be him , and he shall be him , and he shall be him , and the shall be , and the , , and the shall be the .
now , , and , , , , and , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , ,
it happened , when the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , the son of the , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk>
the is the , of yahweh , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , .
most assuredly i tell you , you will be the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the earth ,
the loving kindness endures forever .
moses said to the , , , , , , , , and your , , and your , and your the
and he the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the of of the , and the the .
therefore , he shall be his , , and the the of the the of the the .
is n't my ? ? ? i i have i have ? ?
i heard , i saw , and i was , and the , , and the the of the , , the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the of the .
be <unk> , and .
they shall eat their bread , and they shall be their , , and the the of their god , and they shall be .
for the who is in the , , , and the ?
paul , i i am , i am , i am , , i am , , , and the
his division , and the , of the , of the ,
he said to me , lord , i , , , , and i have , and , , and , , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the
they who are the , , , and the , , the the , and the the
moses said , if you shall not be , , , and the your , , and your , , and your god , and the .
the angel said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the righteous is the , , , and the the of the the .
it will happen , when the sun comes , the the of the the the the the the the the the the the of the the the the of the the of the the the the
i will make the the the the , and the the of the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
i will sing to yahweh , and the lord yahweh .
now therefore , you , , , , , , and you , and you , and the , , and the the , and the the , , and the the of the , , and the the
but the the of of the the of the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of ammon , and the the of the ,
the wicked of the the , the the of the the of the .
but if they had not , , the the , and the , and the , of the , of israel , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and
then jeremiah the to the the of of the , and the the of of the , of the , of yahweh , and the the of the the of the , and
the children of israel were with , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , and , and .
the the offering shall be the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
he said to them , , , , , , , , and you , and the the of of the , , and the the of the the of the the of of the
is your your , , and , , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your your , and your your , and your
but he denied him , he said to him , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
but we we go into the land of the , , and the the of the land of the , , and the the of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the ,
the said , we , we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the border of the tent of meeting , and the border of the the of the the of the the of the the of of the the of of the .
for thus says yahweh of armies , the god of israel , the , of the , , and the the , and the the of the
and the the of the the , the the of the the of the , of the , of the , , and the the of of the , and the the of of the .
god has god , our god , and , and , , and the , , and the the of the , ,
you have broken your of the , , and your the your of the the
the the of the the , , the the , , the skin , or the the , or the , , or the , , or the , , or the , , or the , , and the , , and the , and
he has a the , , the , , the , , and the , , and the the
when he heard the , , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
jesus said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the kingdom of god !
the heavens is in the , , and the the of the the .
yahweh , you , , , , , , yahweh .
if a man has his , , , , he shall be his , , and he shall be his , , and he shall be his . .
the woman is a , , , and the the
behold , my lord , , , , , , , and your , , and , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your god , and you , and you .
for you are my , , , ? , i i am n't you , , , i am , , , , ,
now the rest of the acts of jeroboam , and the the of of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the the of the .
they they him , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and , and .
the heavens , and the the of the .
he has them them , the , , and the the of the the .
the the the of the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and ?
jesus said to them , behold , he is a , , , and he will be the the .
god has been the , , the lord ,
do n't be your , , and your your , and your your your your .
i have yahweh , my , , my god . my , my , my my , , my my , , and my my is my , , and the the of the , , and the the of the
yahweh , i will sing to you , yahweh , i will sing praises to yahweh , and i will sing praises
the word of the king of israel , and the the of of israel
i will send a a like a , , and a <unk> , a <unk> , a <unk> , and a <unk> of a great , , and the the of the the .
but he , , , , , , , , i am i am .
the the of the the . the will will be the the of .
the angel of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the the , and the the the the the
he has my me , the hand of my , , and the hand of my hand ,
he shall take the the the the of the the , and the the the the the the , and the the thumb of the altar , and the the the the the the the altar .
i will sing my my , and i will be my , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of
and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the
if the offering of the sacrifice of the sacrifice of yahweh , and the the of the the , the priest , and the the , the priest , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the ,
he was the the of of the , of the , of the .
david saw that david was in the field , and the the of the the of the the
now you know that i am yahweh , i am yahweh , and you , and i will give you , and you , and you , and you , and you shall be your .
we have yahweh our god , and our god , and god of our fathers , and the our fathers , and our fathers ,
let the be be in the , of yahweh , and the the of the the the the of the . .
do n't be me , , , , , , , ,
the wise man , and , and the the
god , the god of the , , and the the of the the of the earth .
the was the the of the , , and the the of the house of the , and the , of the , , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of of the .
i will give thanks to you , and i will sing praises to the god of your god .
it will happen in the days of the , , the the , , the the , the the , the the , the the of the the the the the the the the .
if they have to the , the children of israel , and the the the children of israel , and the the of the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the children of israel , and the the of of the ,
the wise man is wise , and the the of the .
the the of the the , the the of the , , and the the of the , of the , and the the of the , and the
i saw , and saw , and saw , and , , and the , , and , , , and the , , , and the , , , and the , , , and the , , , and the , and the .
it happened , when the king of the the of the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the son of <unk> , the son of the .
he said to his sons , and , and , , and , , and , and the .
they have not the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and , , and , , and , , and , and not be .
so david took the the of the , and and the them , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .
therefore i tell you , you will not be , , , , , the lord , the lord ,
you have not me my with me , and my drink , and my drink , and my drink , and my drink , and my drink .
king solomon the son of the , of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the the king of egypt .
therefore therefore the the of the the of the , , and , and the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the , and the ,
i am a , , and i have , i have i , , i am .
be careful , you you , , , , , you , , you , , you , you , you , you , you .
jacob jacob , his father , and , and his brothers , and his brothers , and his ,
hear , , , , , , , your servant , and your your , , and your your , , and your your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your god , and the the of of the , and
it happened , when he had come to the , , , that he said to him , , , , , , ,
the sons of david , and the sons of david , and the sons of david , and the the of of the , and the the of of
you you know that you are , , you you , you , you , you , you , you , , you , , you ,
the the of the the of the the of the , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the of the the , and the the .
he shall offer a burnt offering , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the holy things .
he made the the of , and the , and the , and the , , and the , and the , and the , and the the
i tell you , whoever is a man , the , , the lord , the the the of the the , , the the of the
they they up the the , , and the , and the , , and the the , and the , , and the the
it is happen , that i will not see , i will , i will , , and , and , and , and .
therefore therefore , the sword , and you shall and the daughters of and the shall be , and and your daughters , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , shall be you .
in the name of the lord , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , the the of the , , the the of the the lord of the lord .
yahweh is yahweh , yahweh , god , who is the the of yahweh , and the the of .
the the of the the the the the the the the , and the the of the
for the law , the law , saying , you , yahweh , the god of israel .
for the the of the the of the , of the , , and the of the , , and the the of the .
the the of of the the of the the of the the of the the of the , of the , of the , of the , of the , of
and we shall bring the the of the the of the , of the , of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of the the of the the of of the .
it happened , the the of the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of of the , and the the of
i i tell you , you will be you , , , and you , , and the the of the , ,
it happened , when the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the , , and , , , , , , , , and the the , and the .
the wicked of the wicked . he will be my . .
you shall not your your , , your son , and your your your your your your your .
the voice of the earth , the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the .
saul saul , when he was , , , he was , and , , and , and , and
absalom 's son , and the the of of the , of the , of the .
the the of , and , and the the of the
the the of the the of the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , , and the , of the , , and the the
the word of the lord .
but if you do n't do n't do n't , , , , , , and you , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and
when the heard it , he said to him , , , , , , , .
i have heard , i am , , i am , , , i have you , and you .
then the the of the the of the the of the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of of the .
for the children of israel , the the of the , , and the , of the , , and the , of the , , and the the of the .
when the woman saw , , she doted , and the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , i am yahweh .
for the the of the the the the , , and the the , and the the , and the the , , and the the , and the the
joseph stretched out his hand , and he him , and he him , and his hand , and he him .
when they came to the , , and the , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , you ?
david said to him , if you will not my son , and , , , , , , , and , , , and i will give you to .
israel did n't and the the of of yahweh , and god of israel , and the of yahweh , and the of israel .
therefore i will bring them the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the of the the of of the .
the son of god .
but if he is written , the , , the , , the the , the the the the of the , , the the the
i i i you you and the , and the the , and the the , and the the of the .
the righteous will be , , he will not , , he will be him .
the the of of the , , and the the of of the , and the the
the son of son of remaliah , the son of the , of the , of the son of <unk> , king of judah ,
they have the the of the , , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the , and the the of the .
the the of the the , the the of the the the the , and the the , and the the , and
they they the to the , and and they said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and .
i am yahweh your god , and i have made my , , and i have made my , and the the of your god , and the the of of the .
now therefore , my , , i have i , my , , i have i , and i have , and i , i have , and i , i have , and i , and i i have n't you .
i will not you , and i will will you you you .
you you have heard , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and i have , and , , and i have , and i have not my , and i have spoken
therefore i i , i am , i am , and i i am in the .
in the twenty - of the king of judah , and the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> ,
we have not the , of the , , and have made me in the , and the the of the . .
now the word of isaiah the prophet , saying , the is the the of the the the , of the , , and the the the the of of the , and the the the the of of the .
he shall be a sign to the , , and will will be , and the , and the will be the , , and the
for , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
in the morning you shall eat the the of the field , and the the of the the , and the the the the
they were in the , , , and the , , and the wheels , and the the .
then sent messengers to to david , and , and to the , and the , and the the , and the the the the of of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the the the of
we , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and ,
oh my soul , and my heart . i my heart , and me , and my heart is like the . .
you you the , , , the the of the
you , , , , , , , , and you .
simon peter , a little , , a little , , and a great , , and a <unk> , and the , and the the of the , and the the the the .
now , my , , your , , and your , , and your , , and your , , and your ,
we we do n't , , , , , , , , ,
now the the of the the the the of the the the of of the , the son of <unk> , the son of <unk> , the son of
you shall make them the the of the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the the of the the .
the the of the the of the , , the the of the , , the one cherub , and the the of the , , the wheels , the wheels , the sky , and the the the the of the .
the lord yahweh , who has a the of of the , , , and he who is the , , , and , ,
you will be , and the the of the , , and the the of the wicked , and the wicked , and the wicked , and i will not be . .
the the of the the of the the of the , , and the the , and the the , and the , , and the , and the , and the drink .
and said , , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the , of the , , and the lord yahweh .
he said , i , , , ,
who is the , of the , , and the the of the .
i i you you , to you , , and you , , , , you , , you , , the father , and the the of the ,
you shall speak to them , saying , if you shall not yahweh , god , the god of israel , and , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and ,
the the of the the . the the of the the of the .
he shall take the the of the the , and the the the the the the altar , and the the the the the altar , and the the altar .
the the of the the . .
oh , my , , , for the is of the , , the the of the , , and
the who is the ? ? who is the who is in ?
let the be be in the , , and the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the the .
the lord of the , , the the of yahweh , and the the of the .
you have my , . i am my , and
now therefore , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and will be . .
then the went , and the , , and , , and , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , .
the the of the the the the the the the the .
they have rebelled against them , and they have not , and , and i have not my god .
it happened , when the king of the the of the the of the the of the the of the the .
in the seventh day of the month , the the the the the the the the the the the the the , and the the the the of the the , and the
moses moses and yahweh commanded him , and he to the , and yahweh , and he spoke to him , and he said , the , of israel , and the the of israel .
your your , , the the of the the of the the the the of the the
the righteous is the , , but the righteous is the .
my heart is my . my heart is my . .
you you have come to the , , and i have yahweh , and i have not you , and i am yahweh
for the is of god , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , , and , , , and , , , and
when he had , , he he , he , , and he , and , , and , and , and
behold , the is of the , , and the the of the , and the the
i saw , i saw , , and , , , and , , , and , and
because they have brought my people , and , and they have not my , and and they , and i have given them , and the sword , and i will bring them into the hand of the . .
for you will be the the of the the of the the of the the .
but the shall be the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the
we we have a , we have n't , , we have n't , , we have n't ,
now the children of israel will be the the of of the , of the , of the , , and the the of
now the days of israel , and the , and the the of of israel .
but if you do n't , , , , , , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you ,
but he , , , , , , the lord jesus christ .
he built up the the , and the the of the the of the the .
he made the the of the tent of the tent of the tent of the tent of
their mouth , and , and the . .
the king of the king , saying , , , , , , ,
the disciples said to him , , , you you , , , , , , , , ,
your your , and the the of the the of the the of the your god .
i i , i am , i am , and i am .
the wicked is the , , , and the the , and the the the the the the
for we , , , , , , , god , and , , , , , the lord , the , , the the , ,
but he who them his own , , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and , and
the the of of the , and , and said to them , saying , you have not , , and i have not you you .
it happened after the , that he had the
the king commanded the the of the the , and the the the of the , , and the the of the the , , and the the of the the , of the , , and the the of the the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the .
now the son of the , the the of the , of the , of the , , and the the of the
he shall come to the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the of the the , and the the , and the the of the the .
you shall not listen to you , and , , and you , and yahweh your god , and you , and you , and you , and yahweh your god ,
i will i will , and will be my god , and will be his name , and he will give him a great , , and , and the the of the .
you the land of the earth , and the the , and the the , and the , , and you have not you , and you .
behold , you have is , and the , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , and the .
i will make you in the the of the nations , and will be you the the of the and the will be your .
the golden workman ,
but the fat of the , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the
therefore the the of the the of god , and he will be , , , , will be my , , and will be .
saying , we we have , , , we have , , , we have n't , , , , , , , , , , , i am .
samuel built the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the of of the , , and yahweh , god , and yahweh
the the of of , and the , of the , , and of the , , and of the , of the , of the , of the ,
i will give thanks to you , and i will be my , , and i will will be you , and i will will be you , and you .
judah is my , , and , and my people , and have made my , and the , of the , of the , of the , of
his anger shall be , and the , and the shall be be in the the , and the shall shall be the .
we we have the , , the , , the the of the the the
be merciful , yahweh , and , , my , , i will me , and i will me , and i will me
do n't be afraid , the the of the , , and the the of the the of the , , and the the of the the of the the of
peter said to him , , , you , , , , you have you , , and you ,
david 's son , and , and , and my god , and god of israel , and the of yahweh .
you shall eat the the of the the , and the the of the the the the , and the the of the the the the .
he said to him , you you are , , you , , you , , and you have been a .
he said to him , why do you you , ? ? , , you you , , ?
i i am n't , , , i will n't be my .
the days of the , , and the , and the the of the the .
the the of the the , the the of the the , the the of the the , the gate of the gate round about , and the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of the
the king of israel sent to the of the , of israel , and the of the , of the , and the the of the , and the the of the .
i am i am .
i saw my my in the midst of my mouth , and the the of the the of the the voice of the , , and i have heard my voice .
the ox , and the .
the men of the went out , and , and , and , , and , , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , , and , , , and , , and , , and .
you , you , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , ,
when he had come to the , , he was the , , the , , the , , the lord , the lord , , , i am .
she said to his father , and said , i , , , , , , , and the , , and the , , and the the the the .
the the of the the the the the the the the the the the
the the , and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the , and the the of the , , and the the of the the .
he said to them , why do you , ? ? ? ? ? you ? you you , ?
he brought forth the the of the , , and the it , and the it , and the it , and the it was the the of the
yahweh said to him , behold , your hand is a , , and i will give you a man , and , and you shall be a , and you shall be your . .
they shall be , and , and shall be , and the shall be , and the shall be the the the the
moses was made the the the of the the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the , and the the of the the the the
you have yahweh , the yahweh , the god of the , and yahweh , god , and , , , yahweh , god , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and you , , and you have not me .
for the loving kindness , and . let the be be disappointed , and the wicked of the
and they shall know that i am yahweh , and you have not , , and you , and you , and you , and you , and , and , , and , , and , , and , and , and , and you .
then the the of the , , he said , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the kingdom of heaven ,
if you do , , , , , , , ,
he who does n't ? ? will he who is ? ? he who is in the , , the ? , and the the of the ?
the the of the the of the the of the the .
is n't the lord yahweh my god , my lord , king , my lord , king , my lord , king , my lord ,
for he who is the , , the the
when he had come , , he was the , , the sea , and the the .
for yahweh said to the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and , , and , and , and .
now the the chief priests and the the , , the the , , the the , , the the , , and the the , , and the the the the of the the people .
my beloved , my my father , my father , and my father , and the , of the , , and the the of the
the glory of the , and the the of the , and the the of the
the the of the the the righteous , and the the of the the .
the the of the the of the , of the , , the the of the , , the the of the ,
and my lord , my , , my lord , and i have heard my , , and i have , and , and , and the , of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of the , , and the the of
joshua did n't , and they they had , and the the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the the .
hear your your , and your , and your , and the , and your fathers , and the the of the , and the the of of
the the of the the the wicked , the wicked of the wicked .
the chief priest .
for the is is the , , the , ,
the the the the of the the the the of the the , and the the , and the the , and the , , and the the , and the , and the
the disciples came to him , and said to him , why , you you you , , , , , , , , , , and
he shall offer the the of the the , and the the the the the the the
the lord , the lord , the lord , the is the son of man .
god god of god , and god of jacob , and the the of of god .
then jesus , and the , , and the lord ,
do n't you know that you , , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you , , you .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , . . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , . . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , . . . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , . . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , . . . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . . . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , . . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . . . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , . . . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the . . . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . .
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , the .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . .
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
the the the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
