English
Her pains are like a light. Out of his hand is a scattering of light. There is his strength.
It was told Jacob, saying, Behold, your son Joseph came to seek you. Israel was afraid to come up, and sat on his bed.
For I will give you discretion and wisdom, that all of your enemies may not contend with one another.
If your mother's brother, or your son's son, or your daughter's daughter, or your daughter's daughter-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-
Is it lawful for us to see you in the prison when you are sick, or in the prison?'
He recognized the voice of Peter, and said, Rejoice, and don't forget to open the door. He ran and told him, Peter standing at the door.
Joshua said, Know therefore that the living God is in the midst of you, and shall drive out from before you the Canaanite, and the Hittite, and the Hivite, and the Perizzite, and the Girgashite, and the Amorite, and the Jebusite;
It happened on the next day, that the soldiers returned to the camp, and gave the horsemen Paul instead.
Seven days shall you not see the morning light, nor the morning light, nor the morning light, until the morning light.
Jesus said to him, Salvation comes this day to this house, because he is also the son of Abraham.
All the kings of the earth came to see Solomon's face, to hear his wisdom, which God gave in his heart.
It will be no longer long, neither will the world see me any more, but you will see me; for I live, and you will live.
and for the sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five male goats, and five male lambs a year old. This was the offering of Eliab the son of Zeron.
Peter laid his hands on them, and John, and they were filled with the Holy Spirit.
He took the seven angels, the seven trumpets, and ready to blow them.
Moses said to Aaron, Take the censer, and put the fire that is on it on the altar, and put incense therein; bring it quickly to the congregation, and make atonement for them; for great anger is kindled against Yahweh, because the plague is profaned.
The king said, Please let him go to his house, and don't see my face. Absalom went to his house, and didn't see the king's face.
When he heard these things, his face was changed, and his groaning departed from him, because he had much substance.
shall not enter into the land which I swore to you, but Caleb the son of Jephunneh, and Joshua the son of Nun, shall go in.
It happened, when we cried to Yahweh, that he heard our voice, and sent messengers, and brought us up out of Egypt, and we were in Kadesh, which is by you.
But the land of pain didn't dwell in darkness. It was despised in the land of Zebulun and Naphtali, and the way of the sea was given to the Jordan beyond the River, and Galilee of the Gentiles to glory.
For his eyes are on every man's way. They see his steps.
It happened after this, that the angel brought him to Abraham's bosom, and the rich man died, and was buried in him.
When they heard it, they rejoiced, and consented to give him money. He found out what occasion he had, that he might betray him.
Blessed shall you be in the city, And blessed shall you be in the field.
But the queen Vashti would not come, nor listen to the king's commandment of the eunuchs: therefore the king was very angry, and his heart was kindled like fire.
that I may return to my father's house in peace, and Yahweh will be my God;
All the males who are among the priests shall eat them. It is most holy.
So love was perfect among us, that in the day of judgment we might have no fear; for we have life in this world, as in Jesus.
For God has made us servants of the new covenant, which is not written in writing, but in the Holy Spirit; and the writing of the covenant, which is written in writing, will die, but the Holy Spirit will give life.
that you may obey your tradition, and turn away the word of God.
David listened to Yahweh, and struck all the army of the Philistines from Gibeon even to Gezer.
For we were born as foreigners, not Gentiles, but Jews.
But when the husband hears that he has destroyed him, then he shall bear the woman's iniquity.
You are chosen, by the will of God the Father, and by the Holy Spirit, to be holy to Jesus Christ, and to be made holy through his blood. Grace be with you all, and peace be with you all.
Rejoice in your father and mother. Rejoice in your mother.
Behold, this is the joy of his way: afterward another shall come forth out of the land.
His eyes are not forsaken from the righteous, That they may sit with kings forever. They shall be exalted.
David lived in strongholds in the wilderness, and continued in the hill country of Ziph: and Saul sought him every day: but God didn't deliver David into his hand.
There were also three rows of window doors to measure, to measure the weight of it, and three rows of it.
You tribes, choose three men: I will send them away; and they traveled throughout all the land, according to their families, and came to me.
The land will be moved and shaken like a drunken man, and like a bed; and the transgressions are on them, so that they will fall down, and not rise up again.
If God had mercy on us, and had committed this reproach to us, we wouldn't have been displeased any more.
and they shall send your brothers from among the nations, and shall cause their horses, their chariots, and their chariots, and their chariots, and their mules, and their camels, to come up to Jerusalem, my holy mountain, to offer an offering to Yahweh, as the children of Israel have put a clean offering, and they shall offer it in the house of Yahweh, says Yahweh.
The servants of God rose up early in the morning, and saw the army, horses, and chariots besieged the city. They said to him, Woe to us, my lord!
Jesus said to him, Blessed are those who don't see the sword, when you see that I believe.
All the visions came to you as a testimony. They delivered the writing to the other, saying, Read it, and let me hear it. He said, I can't read it, for it is a deed.
Speak to the children of Israel, saying, You shall surely keep my Sabbaths; for this is the sign between me and you, throughout your generations, that you may know that I am Yahweh, who sanctifies you.
So king David sent, and took her from Machir the son of Ammiel the man of Lodebar.
But if God doesn't diminish the days, there is no one saved, but God will diminish the days of his chosen ones.
Of the sons of Hosah, of the sons of Merari, were great, and he was not the firstborn; but their father made him first.
For the Kingdom of God is not by word, but by power.
Now Abphia, my sister, was with Achippus, our elder brother, and with the assembly that is in your house.
and cast their gods into the fire, because they were not God, the work of man's hands, the wood, and the stone; and they destroyed them.
He created from one man every tribe, and gave them to dwell on the surface of all the earth; and he made them a border of years, and of those who lived therein.
For they have forsaken me, and burned incense in other gods, and provoked me to anger with the work of their hands; therefore have I been angry with this place, as the fire has not quenched.
Then Mordecai told him all that was done to him, and all the money that Haman had said he would bring into the king's house, with which he might destroy the Jews;
The captains of the families, and the deputies, and the governors, and the counselors, and the recorders, to appoint a king's chamber, to make a proclamation, even thirty days, to make intercession to the king, that none of the gods, or of those who seek him, may bring him down to the lion.
Behold, this man is like us, says Yahweh God: he is able to discern his form, lest he stretch out his hand again, and eat from the tree of life, and it shall live forever.
You shall bring back the money again, and you shall bring it again to him, and he shall bring it again to you again: it is but rottenness.
My son, behold, there is a voice. Consider it. The scrolls of the book are many, but they are not strong. The scrolls of the book are full, and the flesh is weary.
When we have made known to the king that, if this city is built again, and the wall is built again, then there shall be no portion in the land beyond the River.
But Abishai the son of Zeruiah defended David, and struck the Philistine; and the men of David swore to him at that time, saying, Don't go out with us any more, lest the lamp of Israel be quenched.
Yahweh said, Moab has been in peace from the morning; as the choice wine has not been poured out of this vessel into another vessel, neither has it been taken; for his purpose is not poured out.
When the multitudes saw him, they marveled, and immediately came and greeted him.
All the people were weeping and mourning for the woman who was dead. He said, Don't weep, for she isn't dead, but asleep.
We are no father's father's father. Our mother is like a widow.
Yahweh spoke to Moses and to Aaron, saying,
Caleb the son of Ebed said, Who is Abimelech, and who is Shechem, that we should serve him? Isn't he the son of Jerubbaal? Isn't his captain Zebul? Why should we serve him, that you serve Hamor the father of Shechem?
For Herod knew that John was righteous and holy, and was afraid of him, and that he was guarding him. When Herod heard the words of John, his heart was troubled, and he was glad to hear them.
But they were strengthened, and said, He began to come out of Galilee, and to this day he taught all the country of Judea, and persuaded the people.
When evening was over, he went out outside of the city, both Jesus and his disciples.
He said to the king, Surely I have heard your words in my own land, and in your wisdom.
In the day that he called Lazarus, and raised him from the dead, and all the people who were with him, all the days of his life that he was testifying about.
He magnified himself, and came to the army of the army of the army, and to the army of certain stars, and cast them down to the ground.
The apostles raised the Lord Jesus with a great power, and the multitudes received great favor.
According as they shall teach you of the seed of your ordinances, you shall do according to their ordinances which they shall speak to you; and as they show to you, you shall not turn to the right hand or to the left.
You will understand righteous judgment. You will walk in uprightness, and in all good ways.
The nations are angry, and you are very angry; for the time of the judgment of the dead is come, and your servants, even the prophets, and all the saints, and those who fear your name, are come, both small and great. The time has come for the destroyers of the earth.
Ramoth with its suburbs, Adnem with its suburbs,
Jesus entered into the house, and the blind man came near. Jesus said to them, Do you believe that I can do this? They said to him, Lord, you can.
Now when Sanballat heard that we were building a wall, his anger was kindled greatly, and his great anguish was kindled against the Jews.
Samson said to the Philistines, Because you have done this thing, I will be avenged of you, and will cease.
Some of the tax collectors came to be baptized, and they asked him, Rabbi, what shall we do?
Many gathered themselves together in Jerusalem in the second month, and became a great assembly to keep the feast of unleavened bread.
None of the creeping things that creep on the earth are an abomination. They shall not be eaten.
If he causes the land to be sanctified from the Year of Jubilee, then he shall make a valuation according to your valuation.
Aaron and his sons shall offer an ephah of fine flour for a continual meal offering to Yahweh on the day that he is anointed, even half of it; and half of it shall be in the evening, and half in the morning.
The high priest stood up and said to him, What are these talking about? Why don't you contend?
When all the people heard these things, they marveled, and said to Peter and to the rest of the apostles, What must we do, brothers?
Woe to the wicked, and he shall find trouble, For he shall be repaid according to his ways.
One man, and his neighbor's wife, do abominable things, and some play the prostitute after him, and some defile his sister, his father's daughter, in the midst of you.
wood and oil for the light, spices for the oil, spices for the oil, and spices;
It happened that day, that Moses commanded the people, saying,
Remember this, and behave yourself as a man of rebellious men. Consider it with your heart.
From day to evening they prophesy of their prophets, but they don't prophesy, nor answer, neither do they agree.
The people murmured against Moses, saying, What shall we drink?
The woman said to him, Sir, there is no one. Jesus said, Neither will I condemn you, that you may return, and henceforth you shall no more sin.
Afterward I will pour out my Spirit on all flesh, and your children will be prophets, and your old men will have dreams, and your young men will see visions.
It happened, as often as the king entered into the house of Yahweh, that the guard took the shields, and brought them back, and laid them in the house of the guard.
But if God has made us to enter into his rest, let us have fear in our hearts, lest perhaps there be among you a man who thinks that this is not acceptable.
The Lord Yahweh said, I will command my mountains to send out the sword against Gog; and every man shall kill his brother with his sword.
All the trees of the field shall know, that I, Yahweh, bring down the lofty tree, and set it low, and the green tree withers away, and the dry tree: thus says Yahweh, and so shall I do.
You have redeemed all your wrath. You have caused your wrath to rest.
When the chief baker saw that the dream was good, he said to Joseph, I also see in my dream, and on my head have three baskets of bread.
Therefore God raised up him to the highest, To give him the name of all who are called by name.
The beautiful daughter of Zion is gone away. Her princes are like a deer that doesn't find pasture. They have no strength. They are driven out before those who pursue her.
For you know the grace of God, and of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the peace of the heavens.
Yahweh showed me also four lions.
He spoke a parable to them, saying, A man began to build a vineyard, and a wall, and to build a vineyard, and a vineyard, and a vineyard, and a vineyard, and a vineyard, and to build another place.
A counselor won't prosper, But one who is sanctified will be despised.
Jesus answered them, Faithless men, how long will this generation have? How long will I bear with you? How long will I bear with you? Bring me here the son of a demon.
But your little ones, whom you say shall be carried away captive, I will bring them in, and they shall know that you have forsaken the land.
Listen to these words, for the Son of Man is betrayed into the hands of men.
The Almighty God was dispossessing kings in those days, as Mount Salmon snowed.
Yahweh said to Abram, You shall surely know that your seed shall be strangers in another land, and shall serve the land: and the land shall afflict them four hundred years.
He who remains in Christ doesn't sin, but he who sinns has not seen him, nor known him.
Therefore don't be anxious for tomorrow's sake. Don't be anxious for tomorrow's sake. One day is a day of trouble.
When I returned, behold, there were many trees on the two sides of the river.
Neither did Asher drive out the inhabitants of Ashko, at Sidon, and at Aphekrah, and at Achzib, and at Hikba, and at Aphtek, and at Rehob.
He shall take two birds, and cedar wood, and scarlet, and hyssop, for the clean house.
The prophets shall take hold of them with their hands; but they shall dwell in the king's house.
and in the synagogues he would have sat on high, and sat on the table with great number.
David inquired of Yahweh, and Yahweh said, Arise, go down to Keilah; for I will deliver the Philistines into your hand.
The secret of the heart is revealed, and will fall down and worship God. He says, God is true among you.
and Hukkok with its suburbs, and Rehob with its suburbs,
He made bread of fire. His heart was dim, and he turned aside, and could not save himself; neither could he say, Isn't my right hand a lie?
When he had said this, he showed them his hands and his feet.
He stayed yet seven days, and left the dove, and didn't return.
On the eighth day the king sent the people away; and they blessed the king: for they rejoiced, and rejoiced in their heart, and went every man to his tent, because of all the goodness that Yahweh had sent to David his servant, and to all the goodness of his people Israel.
He said to them, Again, you will hear another parable. A certain vineyard was built in one of the vineyards, around the walls of the walls of the walls of the walls of the walls of the walls of the walls of the walls of the walls of the walls of the walls of the walls of the walls of the walls of the walls of the walls of the walls of the ceiling. He went out, and came out.
Therefore I exhort you to eat. This is your salvation, for there will not one of you be lost.
For the husband, love his own wife as he loves his own body, and love his own wife as he loves himself.
You have done all these things, and have walked in lewdness, says the Lord Yahweh; and you have afflicted your heart with weakness.
A man shall be blessed, because of the fruit of his mouth, And a man according to his work in his hand shall be rewarded.
He who walks blamelessly in righteousness, And he who perverts iniquity.
It shall be, when your eyes shall see your fear in your heart, and your eyes shall say in the morning, It shall not be able this time to darkness;' and in the night, It shall be said, It shall not be able to shine this time.'
The Jews therefore said to him, Tell you, Take up your mat, and walk.' Who is it?
But when I was in Thessalonica, you sent often to my need.
To those who receive him in the name of the prophet, To be partakers of the things of the prophets.
I also will do that which is contrary to you. I will also strike you with seven transgressions because of your sins.
In Israel shall his name be called The house of the unfaithful.
If a man lies with her, he shall not be freed from sexual immorality, neither shall he be freed from sexual immorality; but he shall not be put to death; for the handmaid is not free from sexual immorality.
In that day you shall say, Give thanks to Yahweh, and call on his name, and declare his works among the nations, that his name is exalted.
Now the rest of the acts of Jeroboam, and all that he did, and all his might, how he warred, and how he turned to Damascus and Hamath, which belonged to Judah, to bring them again to Israel; aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
He lies on his bed, and lies in wait for iniquity. He has determined to do evil, and he has not abhorred evil.
It shall happen in that day, says Yahweh, that David shall lie down in the tent, and I will stand on him, and will keep him from falling, and I will build him that which he has broken down, and will build him up, as it was before.
Therefore you shall not see falsehood any more, neither shall you divine it any more: I will save my people out of your hand; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
Absalom stood on the king's side in a pillar while he was yet alive; for he said, I shall not leave my name alone: and he called the pillar of his name Absalom to this day.
The words of a whisperer are like dainty food. They enter into the innermost parts of a man.
The people made Jehoahaz the son of Josiah king in Jerusalem instead of his father.
then will I pluck their roots out of the land which I have given them, and will cast them out from before me in the house that I have consecrated for my name; and I will make him a proverb in the midst of all the nations.
We have seen with our eyes the greatness of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the greatness of his power and of his coming, not as a false report.
The father said to him, You have been with me, my son. Everything that I have is yours.
But God is a fool to the wise, And a scoffer to the weak, And a reproach to the mighty;
But the issue from the handmaid came in the flesh, and the issue from the free woman came out of the promise of God.
Ephraim's drunkenness, his proud crown, will be trampled under his feet.
It happened on one of those days, that Jonathan the son of Saul said to the young men who bore him his armor, Come, and let us go on this side to the camp of the Philistines. But he didn't tell his father.
It happened at the beginning, when God made heaven and earth,
and said to him, Thus says Hezekiah, This day is a day of rebuke and dishonor, a child born as a son; and there is no strength to bring forth.
It happened that day, that Moses wrote this song, and taught the children of Israel with it.
He went before, and saw two brothers, James the son of Zebedee, and John his brother. They were keeping a dream in the boat with Zebedee. He also stoned them, and followed him.
Why are the mighty fallen in the battle? Jonathan was slain in your high places.
The Nazirite cut off his head from off the door of the Tent of Meeting, and put it to himself for a holy door under the fire of the sacrifice of peace offerings.
It shall be, when evening comes on you before their eyes, and you shall put it on your shoulder, and cover your face, until you see the land; for I will make you a sign to the house of Israel.
I love Yahweh, because he hears my words, And hears my supplication.
for Saul, and for Jonathan his son, and for the house of Yahweh, and for the house of Israel, mourning and weeping, and fasting until the evening; for they fall by the sword.
He delivers them into the hands of the nations. Those who hate them rule.
Now the rest of the acts of Manasseh, and all that he did, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
Adah became the father of the tent of those who fed. Adah became the father of the tent of those who fed.
All the chambers were round about the house, twenty cubits broad by twenty cubits.
Then Jesus said to them, Take me swords and clubs, as a robber, or a robber? I sit daily in the temple, and you won't arrest me.
Hiram said, Blessed be Yahweh, the God of heaven and earth, the God of Israel; who has given king David a wise son, and gives him understanding and counsel to build a house for Yahweh, and to build a house for his kingdom.
Now the rest of the acts of Josiah, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
Then came the word of Yahweh to Samuel, saying,
Do all things in the same way, and do all things in the same way.
The lords of the Philistines came to the woman, and said to her, Entice Samson, and see where his might is, and we will encamp against her, and bind her to her; and we will give you each one of us one thousand hundred pieces of silver.
Immediately he went with her, as oxen were slain, And as fools carried away captive to the punishment.
My soul shall boast in Yahweh. The humble shall hear, and be glad.
The Philistines said, What trespass offering shall we give to him? They said to him, Gather five loaves of gold, and five baskets of gold, according to the number of the princes of the Philistines; for so evil is come on you, and on your princes.
In that day the king made a holy place before the court of the house of Yahweh, and offered there the burnt offering, and the meal offering, and the fat of the peace offerings; for Yahweh's altar before was too small for the burnt offering, for the meal offering, and for the fat of the peace offerings.
Fools say that it is not appropriate for a fool to speak falsehood, neither is it appropriate for a man to speak lies against an unfaithful man.
He built cities in the hill country of Judah, and built strongholds and strongholds in the forest.
Though he bear much fruit among his brothers, yet shall a east wind come up out of the wilderness by the wind of Yahweh; and the fountain of it shall be dried up, and his thoughts shall be cut off, and he shall take away all the pleasant jewels of his treasure.
As it is written, There is no righteous man, No sword.
Though he hides his hatred with deceit, His wickedness shall be uncovered before the assembly.
So they went and spyed out the land, from the wilderness of Zin even to the entrance of Rehob, even to the entrance of Hamath.
then see our face, and the faces of the young men who eat the king's dainties, and do to your servants as you see.
Yahweh is gracious and merciful. He is slow to anger and great in loving kindness.
When he had risen up, he took Mary, as the angel commanded him, and became his wife.
You shall not eat of it from the mouth of the earth until the skin of it, in all the days of your separation, and in all the fruit of the vine.
He made two rings of gold for it, and put them under the molding underneath, for a covering on the two ends of the altar, on the two ends of it; and the rings were for poles for poles, to carry the altar.
Praise him, all his angels! Praise him, all his army!
Didn't I tell my lord what I did when Jezebel killed all the prophets of Yahweh? I put one hundred prophets of Yahweh in the cave, and fifty in the cave, and fed them with bread and water.
At that time he filled the Holy Spirit with joy, and said, Father, Lord of heaven and earth, I praise you, for you have covered up those things from the wise and wise, and have brought them out of the little ones who are little. Father, behold, it is for you to be glad.
He gave to him all the vessels of gold, and the vessels of gold, and the vessels of gold, and the vessels of gold, which Yahweh had given to the house round about, according to all that he had gotten out of the holy Spirit;
You shall bake you in the place which Yahweh your God shall choose, and eat it; and you shall return to your tent on the morning.
Their sight was falsehood, and a lying divination: and they said, This is what Yahweh has spoken: whereas Yahweh didn't send them to be prophets, yet they looked for the word to be fulfilled.
But I knew that you were the vine of the princes, and that it is very grievous. How is it that you have turned to me another evil vine?
Therefore don't judge before the hour comes. When the Lord comes, he will bring out the hidden secret with the light, and the hidden secret in the way of his heart. Everyone will be praised by God at that time.
The thighs of the lifted up thigh, and the breasts of the wave offering, they shall bring with them the fat of the offering of fire, and shall wave them for a wave offering before Yahweh: it shall be yours, and your sons' portion forever, as Yahweh commanded.
For the famine's sake, we took our fields, our vineyards, and our houses, and brought them up for grain.
Every holy thing that any man dedicates shall be the priest's. Every priest shall be the priest's.
This also is the sin of the judges, who are to be punished; for I am a God of disobedience.
In the seventh month, in the tenth day of the month, you shall have a holy convocation; you shall afflict your heart, and shall do no work.
A basket was given to him, whose name was Lazarus, and his body bore and all the boil, lying at the door of the rich man's house.
Jesus answered them, Rabbi, what about me? My time has not yet come.
For Israel will dwell in its own place day by day without prince, without prince, without prince, without priests, without pillars, without priests, and without idols in the house.
The gate between the side chambers was on the right side of the house, and it went up from the left side to the left, from the middle even to the third.
Now the chief priests and the Pharisees had a commandment, that if anyone knows where Jesus is, let them bring him up, that they may take him.
I have left my eyes and my heart troubled with fasting, but this has made me a reproach to all men.
and said to them, Don't let the captives come in here; for that which you seek to do is to make us sin against Yahweh, and to increase our iniquity and our disobedience; for great is our disobedience, and the wrath of God is on Israel.
If you say in your heart, These nations are greater than I, why am I dispossessed of them?
When they heard the words of Herod, they departed; and behold, the star in the east, and behold, the way before them came to the child, they stood on it.
Praise Yah! Sing to Yahweh, you new, And praise him in the assembly of the saints!
He said, If the Syrians are too mighty for me, come and help me. If the children of Ammon are too mighty for you, then I will help you.
For though there arise a man to pursue after you, and to seek your life, yet my lord's life shall be wrapped in the wrappings of Yahweh your God, and the life of your enemies shall Yahweh bring them out, as from the cords.
But if I boast, I am not without understanding; for I will speak in truth; but if I have bound myself, I will not cause men to judge me, above all that he sees and hears.
If it is so, how much more will it be done to those who trample on the Son of God, who sanctify themselves to the blood of the Lord, and who dishonor the Holy Spirit?
twelve bulls, twelve rams, twelve male lambs a year old, twelve male goats, and twelve male goats a year old, offering the sin offering with them;
I know your doings. Behold, I have opened before you a door of faith, and no one can shut it. I know that you only have a little strength, but have kept my word, and have not denied my name.
Thus did Moses; as Yahweh commanded him, so he did.
They took the seven bulls, and the seven rams, and the seven lambs, and the seven male goats, to sacrifice for the land, for the sanctuary, and for Judah. The king commanded the priests the sons of Aaron to offer them up on the altar of Yahweh.
He shall put it there; and he shall read it all the days of his life, that he may learn to fear Yahweh his God; and he shall keep all the words of this law, and all the statutes, and do them.
Jesus said to him, If any of the dead who are sanctified of those who are dead in the flesh bury them, let them preach the Good News of the Kingdom of God.
He sent to his father the purple garment, and said, We have found this garment. Please see whether it isn't your son's garment.
They flatter, And speak evil in words. They speak great things.
Let them be disappointed and shamed who seek after my soul. Let them turn their backs to the destruction of my soul.
Now, behold, my testimony is in heaven. My defense is on high.
I thought, while I yet lived, I ought to remind you always.
For if death is not in the spirit, faith is not in death.
Saul arose, and took three thousand chosen men of Israel, and went down into the wilderness of Ziph, to seek David in the wilderness of Ziph.
When her mother-in-law saw that she was determined to go with her, she said no more to her.
This is a sweet ointment that can't afford much to save the poor.
Now, my God, look at me. Listen, and pray in this place.
Zedekiah was twenty-one years old when he began to reign; and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Hamutal the daughter of Jeremiah of Libnah.
For your arrows send forth lightning, Your spear flashes of lightning, The sun and the moon stand in its place.
You have taken captive the prisoners, and you have taken your inheritance away; for you know that it is a better and enduring inheritance for yourselves.
Moses the servant of Yahweh sent me from Kadesh Barnea to spy out the land. I was forty years old when I began to call it word again in my heart.
Our sons were as great as the trees in the days of our youth; and our daughters were like the pillars of the corner, according to the pattern of the king's house.
Samson answered, If a man binds me with a new rope, and doesn't know it, then I will be weak as another man.
He touched their eyes, and said to them, In your faith you will inherit it.
then he divided his men into three companies, and laid themselves in the field, and saw the men of Shechem coming out of the city, and rose up against them, and killed them.
So they went up, and took the stone, and lifted it up, and hanged it on the guard.
It happened after this, that a certain man in Asto saw Philip preaching in every city, and came to Caesarea.
After the tent you shall make six boards, which are the face of the tent.
For God didn't give you the grace to believe in Christ, but that you might suffer for him,
For as we walk after the flesh, in the lust of our flesh, in the lust of our flesh, in the lust of our flesh, in the fruit of death.
This is the portion of the wicked from Yahweh. This is the inheritance of the terrible from the Almighty.
Speak to the children of Israel, and tell them, When you come into the land which I give you, then shall the land keep Yahweh's rest.
As a demon was driven out, the mute man began to speak, and the multitudes marveled, saying, We have not seen in Israel anything like this.
He who denies me and doesn't receive my words, there is a judge who will judge him. The word that I say will judge him at the end of the day.
Then will I turn the words of the peoples into cleanness, that they may call on the name of Yahweh, and serve him with all their heart.
But all that is devoted to Yahweh forever, from whom men offer forever and ever, whether man or animal, or land of his possession, shall not be sold, neither shall it be redeemed: his offering shall be most holy forever to Yahweh.
Therefore tell the house of Israel, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: This I have done not for your sake, but for my holy name's sake, which you have profaned among the nations, house of Israel.
The rain came, and the waters came, and the wind blew, and beat on the house, and the house was not fallen; for the firm foundation was on the rock.
He put unleavened baskets before Yahweh, and took one loaf of bread, one cake of oil, and one loaf of bread,
Moses did so with Eleazar the priest, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
Therefore I will save my flock from being a prey, And will judge between sheep and sheep.
You shall kill the ram in the place of the sanctuary, where the sin offering and the burnt offering are killed; and the trespass offering shall be for the priest as the sin offering, and as the most holy.
Now before the lamp of Yahweh was quenched, behold, Samuel was asleep in the house of Yahweh, at the ark of the covenant of Yahweh.
The world hates you, and they hate me; For I hate their wickedness all my time.
Abram took the tent, and came to Hebron, and lived in the oaks of Mamre: and he built an altar there to Yahweh.
Joshua took Makkedah that day, and struck them with the edge of the sword, and with the king of them; and he utterly destroyed the man who was therein; he left none remaining: he did to the king of Makkedah as he had done to Jericho the king.
Elkanah her husband said to her, Hannah, why do you weep? Why don't you eat bread? Why do you mourn? Aren't I from you better than ten sons?
But if you must go, be strong and strong, and Yahweh will make you fall before your enemies; for Yahweh has power to help, and he will overthrow.
Let my lips sing praises, For you have taught me your statutes.
Their horses are swifter than the morning, and they are swifter than the evening. They are large in order, and the horsemen come from afar. They fly as eagles to eat.
Therefore Yahweh's anger was kindled in the land, and he brought down on it all the curses that are written in this book.
and tell them, Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: Behold, I will call Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon my servant: and on the stones that are on which they are hid I will set his throne; and he shall spread his beautiful tent on them.
All the people were as nothing before him, That he should see nothing altogether, that it was nothing.
Moses, Aaron, and all the princes of the congregation, took of the sons of Kohath according to their families,
Now it happened on the Sabbath day, that he was teaching in one of the synagogues.
Yahweh has given great salvation to his king, To him who was anointed with loving kindness to David and to his seed forever.
They sought counsel, and set a barricade for the righteous, that they might put him in the word of Jesus, and deliver him to the governor, to do the duty of an ephah.
The children of Israel buried him from the bones of Egypt, which they had brought to Joseph, in the land of Shechem, which Jacob bought with one hundred pieces of silver out of the inheritance of the children of Hamor, Shechem's father; and they became the children of Joseph's children.
For you are a holy people to Yahweh your God. Yahweh your God has chosen you out of all the peoples of the earth, to be his own people.
But God is able to rule. He brings it down, and raises it up.
Abraham buried Sarah his wife in the cave of Machpelah, which is before Mamre, in the land of Canaan. Mamre was Hebron.
Don't let your anger stir up you up, so that you don't defy yourself. Don't go the way because of the redemption.
All the people ate, and were filled. They gathered up seven baskets full of broken pieces.
Therefore I am upright in all your precepts, And hated all the evil ways.
Gird up your waist like a man. I will ask you. Answer me.
My soul will not live, but I will speak out of my murmurings. I will speak in the anguish of my heart.
When that day comes, pray in my name. I tell you, I will beg you for my Father's sake.
then the congregation shall judge him according to these ordinances, between the slain and the avenger of blood.
If you have a strong faith in the Lord, We certainly have a living.
The breastplate shall be toward the east, and afterward the length of it shall be a prey, and the breadth of it a prey.
But where can wisdom be found from? Where is the place of understanding?
Because of the Chaldeans, because Ishmael the son of Nethaniah killed Gedaliah the son of Ahikam, whom the king of Babylon had made governor over the land, they were afraid.
Though I commit righteousness, my own mouth shall condemn me. Though I perform it, he will show my integrity.
For every one of you hastened to eat of his own things, and has hunger and drunkenness.
He brought me back to the gate of the sanctuary eastward: and the gate was shut.
Don't rejoice over all the land of the Philistines, because they have broken your rod: for they shall bring forth serpents out of the serpents, and they shall bring forth serpents out of the serpents; and they shall bring forth serpents out of the serpents.
Elisha looked steadfastly at him, so that he was ashamed. The man of God gave him tears.
Their eyes were opened, and he said to them, See now, don't let anyone know about this.
Now I beg you, brothers, to pray to God through the love of our Lord Jesus Christ and the Holy Spirit,
Don't be afraid of them, for Yahweh your God is in the midst of you, a great and awesome God.
He is Yahweh our God. His judgments are in all the earth.
They uncovered his nakedness, and struck him with the edge of the sword, and took his sons and his daughters, and gave him a name among the women, because they had executed judgments on him.
How long shall my soul be grieved all the day long? shall my adversary be exalted above me?
The priest shall burn them on the altar of burnt offering.
Yahweh spoke to Jeremiah, that he should go down into the house of the king of Judah;
You shall make basins of brass; and the base of it you shall make of brass, to wash them in. You shall put them in the midst of the tent of meeting, and in the midst of the altar, in water.
I went before the spring gate and the king's pool; but there was none there that would allow me to ride on it.
David said, As Yahweh lives, Yahweh will strike him, and he will die the day of his death, or he will die the battle.
Now the rest of the acts of Rehoboam, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
For this I will put the sufferings of the sons of David on forever.'
Don't be ashamed of the words of sexual immorality, or of sexual immorality, but of giving thanks to God.
Before he heard it, he answered, His folly and his shame.
Either a garment or a skin shall be defiled with water, and they shall be washed with water, and be unclean until the evening.
There is no disobedience in those who keep silence, But the tongue is wise.
The lord said to them, This is what the enemy does.' The laborer said, Why then do you want us to hide the darnel from you?'
All the cities of Aaron's sons which he possessed were thirteen cities with their suburbs.
Yahweh has made the earth with great power, And with wisdom has he established the world, And with understanding has he stretched out the heavens.
Don't be afraid of the fear of the king of Babylon.' Yahweh said, Don't be afraid of him; for I am with you, and I will save you from his hand.
You shall do no manner of work: it shall be a statute forever throughout your generations in all your dwellings.
The false prophets are of the world, and speak the world. Therefore the children of men listen to them.
He will cut off all the horns of the wicked. The horns of the righteous shall be lifted up.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies: I was very zealous for Zion; I was zealous for her, and angry with her.
I will give you hidden treasures and hidden treasures, that you may know that I, Yahweh, and the God of Israel, have called you.
This testimony is that God has given us eternal life, life from his Son.
This came forth from Israel, the work of the builders, and he is not God. The calves of Samaria will in no way be broken in pieces.
Is there much more vanity, And what profit is there to a man?
Blessed be Yahweh your God, who delights in you, and makes you sit on his throne, to reign over Yahweh your God; for your God loves Israel, and he loves him forever: therefore make you king over them, that you may do justice and righteousness.
Why do you cry out for your wounds? There is no healing for your pains; for your iniquities are great, and there are many iniquities; therefore have I dealt with you.
They had men who danced, and drew a river, and said, Saul has slain thousands of them. David has slain ten thousand of them.' Isn't this David?
He sees the earth, and the earth trembles. He touches the mountains, and the mountains smoke.
In the seventh month, Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, the son of Elisha, king of the earth, was he; and he was a king's spirit, and brought ten men to Mizpah, to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam. They ate at Mizpah.
Lift up your eyes, and see the four winds; and they shall gather themselves together to you: your sons shall come from afar; and your daughters shall be carried away.
He who has the plague of leprosy, his clothing shall be torn, and his hair shall be broken in pieces, and his lips cover him; and he shall cry out, saying, It is unclean and unclean.'
Moses and Aaron did so, and all the congregation of the children of Israel; and all that Yahweh commanded Moses concerning the Levites, so the children of Israel did.
His venom shall be cut off. His confidence is desolate.
God destroyed the land after the end of seven tribes of the land of Canaan, and gave it to them for an inheritance, about four hundred fifty years.
Your eyes have seen you this day, and behold, you are this day in the midst of the cave, and Yahweh has delivered you into my hand: and they have called me to kill you; but I have loved you, and I have said, I will not stretch out my hand on my lord, because he is Yahweh's anointed.
He gave them authority over certain things.
We make a statute for ourselves. We make a statute for each man, year by year, in the third part of a shekel, for the service of the house of our God,
Paul went down to his feet, and fell on his face, and fell on him, and fell on him, and said to him, Don't be grieved, for he is yet alive.
I asked him, What is the interpretation of the two branches of the olive tree, of the golden bowls that flow out of two golden bowls?
He fills the thick clouds with wrath, And scatters lightning out of the cloud.
Then the Gentiles, the Jews, and their rulers conspired against the apostles, to stone them.
But if they don't pass over armed with you, then they shall possess it out of the midst of you in the land of Canaan.
Therefore thus says Yahweh, As touching the prophets who prophesy in my name, I have not sent them; yet have they spoken the land that can't be swordd, nor the famine, nor the prophets that can't be swordd, nor the famine.
He who loves the pure in heart speaks graciously, But he will be his friend.
He will enter into the glorious land, and will overthrow it with a great multitude; but Edom, Moab, and the nobles of the children of Ammon will escape out of his hand.
But as for me, the secret shall be revealed to me, not because I know wisdom more than all who live, but because I am able to make known to the king the interpretation of it; and that your understanding may be known to you.
So I went, and did according to the word of Yahweh, and went and bought a belt, and girded it with my waist.
It happened in the days of king Josiah, that Yahweh said to me, Have you seen what backsliding Israel has done? He went up onto the high mountains, and played the prostitute in all the green trees.
For in the day when God knows that you eat, your eyes will be opened, and you will be like God.
For he who first chooses, and first appoints them to be his Son's likeness, that his Son may be his firstborn among many brothers.
Thus says the king, Blessed be Yahweh, the God of Israel; for he has given me a man to sit on my throne this day, and I have seen it with my eyes.
Moreover you sent messengers to those who were far off: and when the messengers came to them, behold, they came; and you washed your flesh, and covered your eyes, and dressed yourselves with purple.
Say you to them, As I live, says Yahweh, Thus will I do to you in the words that you have caused me to hear.
Now I am going to him who sent me. None of you will ask me, Where are you going?'
All the people answered with one accord, All that Yahweh has spoken will we do. Moses brought the word of the people to Yahweh.
The king of Israel called for all the elders of the land, and said to them, Behold, this man seeks evil against me. He sent to me, and I didn't send him all the time, neither my wife, nor my children, nor my silver, nor my silver.
The stars of the morning sing together at that time. All the children of God shouted with joy.
Therefore the inhabitants of it tremble exceedingly, they are dismayed and confounded; they are as the grass of the wilderness, and as the green herb, as the grass on the housetops, as the herb that doesn't grow in the field.
Strength and majesty are his. He works peace on high.
Abijah put forty thousand chosen men in array, all of them valiant men of good courage; and Jeroboam put in array the mighty men of valor, even eighty-two thousand men.
Those who come to you as an abomination, you shall not eat of their flesh; and those who die shall be an abomination.
So David gave Ornan the weight of gold of the six hundred shekels that were on the earth.
Remember the word which your servant promised you, For you gave me hope.
Jesus said to God, I will declare your name to my brothers, and will praise your name before the assembly.
The priest shall burn them on the altar for an offering made by fire to Yahweh, a trespass offering.
Son of man, prophesy against the mountains of Israel, and say, Hear the word of Yahweh, you mountains of Israel.
I fed you with the kodder, and with the rottenness, and with the increase of your fields, and with the increase of your vineyards, and with the fig trees, and with the olive trees; yet you didn't return to me.
The fear of Yahweh was at that time with him, saying, Yahweh has turned his ear to hear, and a book of memorial has been written before him for the fear of Yahweh, and for the memory of his name.
Come to me, and help me. Let us go and strike Gibeon; for he has made peace with Joshua, and with Israel.
He set garrisons in the land of Edom; and all the Edomites became subject to David: and Yahweh gave victory to David wherever he went.
and the fattened bull, and the fattened bull, and the fattened bull, and the fattened bull, and the fatlings, and the fatlings, and the fatlings, and the fatlings,
It happened, when Moses was forty years old, that he sought to see the house of his brother Israel.
Yahweh, the God of Israel, there is no god in heaven or in the earth, as you have kept the covenant, and walked in love with your servants, who walk before you with all their heart.
The fruit of the vine shall not fail, neither gather the fruit of the vine, but shall be for the poor, and for the foreigner: I am Yahweh your God.
They shall be your ministers, and they shall be ministers of the Tent, but shall not come near to the sanctuary, nor to the altar, that they not die with you.
The first house was forty cubits high.
Don't you know that we were all baptized into Christ Jesus, to be baptized into death with him?
The king said, Where are your master's sons? Ziba answered the king, Yet he is in Jerusalem; for he said, Israel will restore me the kingdom of my father this day.
The sand that brings forth the light shall be turned into a pool of water; and the dry land shall become a well of water: in the place where the jackals lie, there shall be green grass, reeds, and ostriches.
Greet one another with a holy kiss. All the assemblies of Christ greet you.
He broke down the abominations of his Ammah, Maacath, because he had made an abomination for Asherah. Asa cut down his image, and burnt it up by the brook Kidron.
Yahweh said to Moses, Don't be afraid of them; for I have given him into your hand, and all his multitude, and all his land: do to him as you did to Sihon king of the Amorites, who dwell in Heshbon.
Jesus answered them, You have said it, but I tell you that you will see the Son of Man sitting on the right hand of the Almighty, sitting in the clouds of the sky.
In the second year of Asa king of Judah began Nadab the son of Jeroboam to reign over Israel, and reigned two years in Israel.
You have seen it, Yahweh, and have seen it; for it is evil and grievous: you search and requite with your hand: the help of the helpless is on you, and you always help the fatherless.
Most assuredly I tell you, there is none better than John the Baptizer, whom no woman has, than he who is least in the Kingdom of Heaven, and is greater than he.
But if it happens suddenly that he is struck, then he mocks those who have no sin, and is tempted.
and you shall teach your children these things, whether you sit in your house, or if you walk by the way, or if you lie down, or if you rise up;
He will deal graciously with the wicked, and he will not learn righteousness; He will do unrighteousness in the place of uprightness, And will not regard the majesty of Yahweh.
Nabal answered David's servant, and said, Who is David? and who is the son of Jesse? Many of his servants came near, and rebelled against his master.
It happened, because you rebelled against God, that the Spirit died.
The screen of the gate of the court was made of embroidered work, of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen, twenty cubits long, and five cubits high, and the hangings of the court.
Moses said, These people who are with me are sixty thousand who walk in the way, and you have said, I will give them flesh to eat, that they may be filled with one month.'
As reapers reap the harvest, And reap the harvest with their hands, And as men glean in the valley of Rephaim.
When he came to him, he commanded him to be bound with two chains of iron: and he asked of whom he was, what was the work.
Ben Hadad and the kings drank wine in the Tent, and when they heard these words, they said to his servants, Come near to battle! They set themselves in array against the city.
I will also go through many empty months. I will also be appointed by night and by night.
God was forty years angry with men. Didn't those who sinned die in the wilderness?
It happened after these things, that God tried Abraham, and called him, and said, Abraham! He said, Here I am.
Yahweh spoke to Aaron, saying,
I have covenanted with you like my father, and like your father, that now I will give you a present of silver and gold, and that you may break the covenant between you and Baasha king of Israel, and that he may depart from me.
No, it isn't so with the wicked; It is as chaff that the wind sweeps away.
For yet a little while, and I will walk in that same way, and I will return no more.
Therefore tell the children of Israel, I am Yahweh; and I will bring you out of the burden of the Egyptians, and I will deliver you out of the abominations which they give you; and I will redeem you with the outstretched arm and with the outstretched judgment.
Yahweh answered his people, Behold, I will fill you with grain, new wine, and oil; and I will no more make you a reproach among the nations.
They couldn't answer them any more. They couldn't speak.
For I have declared to you the will of God.
All the army of the children of Reuben, and of the children of Gad, and of the half-tribe of Manasseh, who were on the east side of the Jordan, who were armed with weapons of war, were twelve thousand.
You husbands also, be with your wives, and be with them as one who is weak: honor them, for they also are equal with you in the gift of life. So your prayers will not be unfruitful.
Some of them who were possessed by demons, or who had been sick, were with him, and some of them were Mary Magdalene. From this Mary he drove out seven demons.
so that they will not gather wood out of the field, nor cut wood out of the forest; for they shall kindle a fire with the weapons, and take the spoilers, and take the prey from them, says the Lord Yahweh.
but didn't inquire of Yahweh; therefore Yahweh killed him, and gave his kingdom to David the son of Jesse.
For this cause I hear that you have faith in the Lord Jesus, and love all the saints,
By faith, Moses didn't fear the king's anger, but departed from Egypt. As he saw God whom no one saw, so he was strong, and didn't turn back.
For as Eba has deceitfully defiled by her deceit, and I fear that your thoughts will be deceived, and that they will be forsaken in the integrity of Christ.
Noah did so, and did according to all that Yahweh commanded him.
He said to him the third time, Simon, son of Jonah, do you love me more than these? He said to him, Lord, you know all that I love you, for you know that I love you. Jesus said to him, Feed my sheep.
Behold, all the labor of the people is burned with fire, and the labor of the nations to the end of hunger isn't all of them brought forth out of Yahweh of Armies?
It shall happen, when they shall say, Arise, and come to us; then let us go up; for Yahweh has delivered them into our hand, and this word shall be a sign to us.
and that all the multitudes may know that Yahweh doesn't save by the sword, nor by the spear; for the battle is in Yahweh, and he will deliver you into our hand.
Behold, a voice comes out of heaven like a great wind, filled with the multitude of their houses.
In the thirty-ninth year of Azariah king of Judah began Menahem the son of Gaddi to reign; and he reigned ten years over Israel in Samaria.
You shall be ministers of the sanctuary, and servants of the altar, that you not be angry, and come to the children of Israel.
These three were the sons of Noah; and they were filled from their children's children with all the earth.
neither shall you steal, but shall make known the tenth part of it, that you may teach in every way the glory of our God and Savior.
A time in the street, a time in a large place, And a time in the marketplaces.
You shall cast away your enemies from before you; and they shall fall by the sword before you.
Joshua struck the king Amalek with the edge of the sword, and all his people.
Now therefore hear, you rich men; for your calamity is at hand, and you mourn, and weep.
Saul said, I have sinned, and though it be so, please let me return with you before the elders of my people, and before the children of Israel, that I may worship Yahweh your God.
When the nations heard these things, they rejoiced greatly, and praised the word of God, and everyone who was chosen by God for eternal life became a believer.
Then all the people passed over the Jordan, and the king passed over: and the king kissed Barzillai, and blessed him; and he went to his place.
But when I receive, I pray to Yahweh, you. Answer me, God, according to your loving kindness, and according to your faithful salvation.
He came before the king's gate; for those who were clothed could not enter into the king's gate.
Jesus said to them, He who sent me did the will of him who sent me, and did his work, even my food.
As it is written, I am well pleased with Jacob, and not with Esau.
Behold, the synagogues of Satan are about Jews, yet not they are liars. I will bring them down before your feet, and make them know that I love you.
Then the king lifted up his rod toward Esther; and Esther stood before the king, and said,
Joshua set up a stone of twelve in the midst of the Jordan, where the priests who bore the ark stood: and to this day the stones were still there.
God is faithful. He called you to himself, and to his Son, and to Jesus Christ our Lord.
Yahweh said to Moses, I will blot out the memory of Amalek from under the whole sky. Write it for a memorial in the book, and let Joshua hear it.
He said, Take a little morsel, and come. He took the morsel, and cast it in the pot, and said, Come out, let them eat. The pot is not clean.
Those who labor in this city for the sake of riches, because they are afraid to see the affliction of this city; therefore they stand afar off mourning and weeping.
For there is a great multitude of dreams, a multitude of words, and vanity therein; but fear God.
When the wine was drunken, his mother said to him, They have no wine.
For we look for peace, but we don't find prosperity; for there is a time to look for it, but trembling.
The fig tree answered, Shall I leave my sweet and pleasant fruit, and go and wave it on all the trees?
You have answered me in my ways which I have spoken. Teach me your statutes.
If any man sins unwittingly, then he shall offer a male goat a year old for a sin offering.
Isn't this Hezekiah who destroyed the high places of Yahweh, and his altars, who commanded Judah and Jerusalem, saying, Worship you thereon before this altar, and burn incense thereon?
But he didn't regard angels, but the children of Abraham.
There were eight boards, and their sockets of silver, two sockets under each board.
In the fourth month, in the ninth day of the month, there was a severe famine in the city, so that there was no bread for the people of the land.
Jesus, perceiving in his heart that his disciples were perplexed about this matter, said to them, Is it because of you these words?
Yahweh will deal with them as he did with the two kings of the Amorites whom he destroyed, Sihon and Og, and their land.
Rehoboam took eighteen wives, and sixty concubines; and he bore twenty-eight sons and sixty daughters; but he loved Maacah, Absalom's daughter, more than all his wives and his concubines.
Declare you in Judah, and publish in Jerusalem, saying, Blow the trumpet in the land, and shout, Gather yourselves together, that we may enter into the fortified cities.
where you will serve the gods of the hands of men, which are made of wood or stone, which can't be seen, nor heard, neither ate, nor smelled.
It happened at the evening before the fugitive came, that the hand of Yahweh was on me, and he opened my mouth; and at the morning the man came to me, and my mouth opened, and I didn't mute.
David danced with his hand before Yahweh: and David girded with a linen ephod.
Let all the earth sing aloud to Yahweh. Sing aloud to him with joy!
A voice cried in the wilderness, Make ready the way of the Lord, Make straight his paths.
But I have told you these things, that you may be remembered in due season, and I have told you. I didn't tell you these things at the first, but I was with you.
He burned incense to himself before day to minister to the Baals; and he put away his ears, and other vinegar, and went after his beloved, and forgot me: therefore will I do them, says Yahweh.
The Philistines pursued after Saul and his sons; and the Philistines killed Jonathan, and Abinadab, and Malchishua, Saul's sons.
For the idols of the house speak falsehood. The divination of divination. They speak falsehood. Therefore they go astray like sheep, And suffer for lack of shepherds.
David said, Yahweh, the God of Israel, your servant knows for sure that Saul wants to come to Keilah, to destroy this city for my sake.
Why have you brought us forth out of Egypt to this evil place? There is no place to sow, nor figs, nor grapes, nor pomegranates, nor water to drink.
Behold, now therefore, they have requited us, and have cast us out of your inheritance, which you have given us to inherit.
So they took him, and cast him into the dungeon. The well was dry, and there was no water in it.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Therefore let the heart of those who are in us be astonished, but in that which is not in you God will reveal to you this thing also.
You shall say before Yahweh your God, I have given out of my house holy things, and I have given to the Levites, and to the foreigner, and to the fatherless, and to the widow, according to all the commandment which you have commanded me: I have not disobedient nor forgotten all your commandments.
If you offer a lamb's son for a present, you shall offer it before Yahweh.
and the pure lampstand with its lamps, to set it before the oracle, according to the ordinance;
Therefore I will deal with you in this house which is called by my name, and in the land which I gave to you and to your fathers, as I did to Shiloh.
All the living things that Yahweh God has made in the field, the serpent is an astonishment. The serpent said to the woman, Has God said, You shall not eat all the trees of the field?
It happened about that time, that the king of Greece laid his hand on all the assembly that was at hand,
When there is strife in your gates, or if there is blood in your gates, or if there is strife in your walls, or if there is strife in your hearts, or if you don't know how to judge; then you shall arise, and go to the place which Yahweh your God shall choose.
It happened, when I was offering the evening meal, that I arose out of my affliction, and tore off my robes, and fell on my knees, and lifted up my hand toward Yahweh my God, saying,
If it is for them, that I should be forsaken by God that I should be forsaken, I should be forsaken also by Christ.
All the days of his life that he was about to take him away will we take him, that we may judge him according to our own law.
Joshua called then all Israel, their elders, and their heads of fathers' houses, and their judges, and their officers, and all the people, saying to them, I have been an old man many years.
Take heed to those who are shut up, as one shut up with them; and take heed to those who are slandered, as you are to those who are slandered.
Whoever hears the sound of the trumpet, the sword shall consume him, and his iniquity shall be on his head.
The nations shall see your righteousness. The kings shall see your glory. You shall be called by a new name, which Yahweh has called by his mouth.
They shall come near that day from the Assyrian even to the cities of Egypt, from the Egyptians even to the great river, from the sea to the sea, from the mountain to the mountain.
When he heard that Jesus was coming from Judea into Galilee, he begged him that he would go down to Capernaum, for his son was dying.
Now in the days that the fourth angel was freed, he had set his peace, and was about to come in the second month, on that day, and in that year, to kill and murder a third part of the people.
Moreover you also have many builders, and he who struck them, and those who were with them, and those who were with them, to do all kinds of work.
The border shall go down from the ascent of Shephan to Riblah on the east of the Asherim, and shall go down to the east of Chinneroth.
Aha! Consider it! Will he make the potter like a clay? Will he make his Maker, And say, He hasn't made me?' Will he make his work, And he has no understanding?'
He who is not numbered with me is not numbered with you: I am a friend of mine, and a friend of mine.
They struck the cities of Gerar round about, because Yahweh had made them afraid: and they took all their cities; for there was a great spoil in the city.
The third is called Diguris, which is on the east side of Assyria. The fourth is Euphrates.
When he had eaten, Boaz said to him, Come, eat bread, and dip in the loaf of bread. He sat by the reaper's reaper, and gave her the best of the wheat. He ate, and had enough. He arose, and gleaned.
Oh that the salvation of Israel would come out of Zion! Then Jacob would rejoice, and Israel would rejoice, when Yahweh rescued his people from captivity.
Above the pillars were the capitals of brass, five cubits high; and on the top of the capitals were the network and the pomegranates round about: they were of brass; and on the second pillars were the pomegranates.
I will establish the house of Judah, and will save the house of Joseph, and will bring them again; for I have mercy on them; and they shall be as I had not forsaken them: for I am Yahweh their God, I will love them.
My people will live through faith. But if he goes on his way, I don't favor him.
Though there were many stones of gold, yet the lips of knowledge were precious.
If the year is good, and the fruit is good, but it isn't, then you shall cut it down.'
This shall be Aaron and his sons' portion forever from the children of Israel; for it is a wave offering: from among the peace offerings of the children of Israel shall they offer a wave offering to Yahweh.
If a woman lies with her husband, the adulterer and the woman shall be put to death: so shall you put away the evil from the midst of Israel.
Jesus, perceiving their wickedness, said, Why do you test me, you hypocrites?
Thus says Jeremiah to Zedekiah, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Armies, the God of Israel: If you go forth to the slaughter of the princes of the king of Babylon, then your life shall live, and this city shall not be burned with fire, and you shall live, you and all your house.
King David's heart stirred up Absalom to memory; for Amnon was comforted, because he was dead.
These are the things that I have written to you, and I have written to you through my faithful brother Silas, that I may not allow you, and testify that they are the true gift of God. Stand on this grace.
The world is destroyed before Yahweh. The world is full of violence.
You shall take great stones with your hand, and put them before the Jews, and lay them in the midst of the flaming mortar, which is at the door of the king of Pharaoh's house,
Ahijah took the coat that he had put on, and tore it for twelve pieces.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Isaac was old, and his eyes didn't see him: and he called Esau his firstborn, and said to him, My son. Esau answered, Here I am.
Joshua said, Put the great stone to the mouth of the cave, and set the men over against it, and keep it.
Delilah said to Samson, Tell me, where is your strength? why should you bind you, that you may be afflicted?
A teacher of the law stood up and tempted him, saying, Teacher, what shall I do to live forever?
Jonathan took hold of the foot, and went up, and the men who drew his armor followed him; and the Philistines fell before Jonathan, and the men who drew his armor followed him, and killed them.
Depart from evil, and do good. Seek peace with all your heart.
Yet again they tempted the Most High God, and rebelled against him, and didn't keep his testimony.
The sons of the prophets said to Elisha, Behold, we are too faint for your habitation,
It happened, when the days of the feast were fulfilled, that Job sent and called them to sanctify them; and he rose up early and offered burnt offerings according to the number of all the people; for he said, It may be that my son sinned, and that he would break Yahweh in his heart. So Job did.
He said, Be of the heart, and of your mind, and of your strength to love God; and love your neighbor as yourself, rather than offering the burnt offering of your livestock and the sacrifice.
For he has pity, and the woe is removed from all his transgressions: he shall surely live, and not die.
You Lebanon, open your gates, That the fire may devour your cedars.
He shall sprinkle his finger with the blood of it seven times on the altar, and cleanse it from the uncleanness of the children of Israel, and shall sanctify it.
John was not put into prison at that time.
You have carried on the stars of your gods, the stars of Shechut your king, and of Chion your image.
You said that you would destroy the temple, and rise up within three days. Now save yourself. If you are the Son of God, come down from the cross.
In his hand are all the souls of the beast, The sighs of his might.
The king sat on his throne, by the side of the wall: and Jonathan stood: and Abner sat by Saul, and the throne of David was empty.
Then all the tents of the Tent of Meeting were filled. One cried out, and the other didn't know what they were gathered together.
They said, Has Yahweh only spoken with Moses? Hasn't he also spoken with us? Yahweh has heard this word.
Yahweh, the God of heaven, the great and awesome God, keep the covenant, walk in love with him and in obedience to his commandments.
He made the bell of pure gold, and put the pomegranates on the bells of the robe around it, and put the pomegranates among the pomegranates of it;
Moses said to the children of Israel, Their princes delivered to them the rod, according to one of the princes of their tribes, twelve rods: and Aaron's rod was among the rods.
You have feared you, your servant. You have kept your word for him.
Again, he sent out his third bondservants, and they struck him, and drove him out.
For they didn't listen to the voice of Yahweh their God, nor to his covenant, nor to the commandment of Moses the servant of Yahweh.
It happened in the sixth year of king Darius, in the sixth year of his reign, that the house was built in the month Adar, on the third day of the month.
that good things may be fulfilled to you all the days of your life, that you may return to your youth as an eagle.
The foreign women who were found among the sons of the priests, the house of Jeshua the son of Jehozadak, and his brothers, Maaseiah, Eliezer, Jairus, and Gedaliah,
Their horses were seven hundred thirty-six; their mules were two hundred forty-five;
Jael stretched out his hand with his lamp, and with his right hand with the rod of a hired servant, and struck Sisera with his rod, and overthrew his head, and pierced his side.
Leave me alone. I saw this great vision, that there was no strength in my flesh, and that the beauty of my face was dim, so that there was no strength.
You shall love Yahweh your God with all your heart, and with all your soul, and with all your soul, and with all your strength.
Hear my prayer, Yahweh, the God of Armies. Turn your ear, God of Jacob. Selah.
He said to them, You tell my lord Esau, Thus says your servant Jacob, Behold, I have sojourned at Laban, and I have lived to this day.
But Jesus answered them, Blessed is he who hears the word of God, and keeps it.
Prostitution brings forth iniquity, and sin first, and then death comes out of it.
Then all who call on the name of the Lord will be saved.
It happened, when the day had come that the king, when he had brought them in, that the prince of the eunuchs brought them in before Nebuchadnezzar.
The woman of Tekoa said to the king, Let this iniquity be on me, and on my father's house, and on the king, and on all his people.
In the forty years your garments didn't fail, Neither did your feet fall.
I have obeyed the voice of your mouth, and have not gone as other men's ways; but I have chosen myself, and have done no violence.
I will command them, that they may return to this city; and they shall fight against this city, and shall take it, and burn it with fire; and I will make the cities of Judah a desolation, and there shall be no inhabitant.
He who doesn't care for wrath has great understanding; But he who is Holy brings forth great folly.
I set up Shelemiah the priest, and Zadok the scribe, and Pedaiah the Levite, the ruler of the treasurer's house, over the treasurer's house: Hanan, the son of Zaccur, the son of Mattaniah; for I have seen this man to be faithful; and this is their portion, that is to say, given to their brothers.
All the Jews returned, and came to Mizpah in the land of Judah, to Gedaliah, and gathered much wine and summer fruit.
You shall lend to him who lends a foreigner for his profit; but you shall not lend to your brothers for his profit: that Yahweh your God may bless you in all that he has done in the land where you go to possess it.
who cleansed the blood of the blood of Zion, when he cleansed the uncleanness of the daughter of Zion, with the spirit of judgment and of the spirit of the potter.
Shecaniah the son of Jaziel, the son of Elam, answered Ezra, and said, We have married foreign women among this people, and have transgressed our God; but Israel has hope in this matter.
Aaron came to Moses, and came to the door of the Tent of Meeting, and the plague was stayed.
If we confess our sins, God is true and righteous. He will forgive our sins, and will wash away all our unrighteousness.
and the spear is great, like a weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's we
Behold, there was a man there who had a hand. Some sought vanity, and came to him, and said to him, Is there a law on the Sabbath?
In that night Yahweh spoke to Gideon, saying, Take your father's calves, the other seven years, and break down all the altars of Baal your father, and cut down all the Asherah by the altar;
The Pharisees came to him, and they began to contend with him. They tried to show him a sign from heaven, asking him to do it.
Next to him repaired the priests who lived in the plain.
For this cause I write to you, when I am absent from you, lest, when I come to you, I trouble you with the authority of the Lord which I have given you. This authority is to build, and not to overthrow.
A voice of thanksgiving and gladness will come out from them, and I will multiply them, so that they can't be diminished, but they will be exalted, so that they can't be humbled.
All the engraved images of the idols are vanity, and their joy is not profitable. Their witnesses don't see them, neither do they know anything, that they may be disappointed.
Thus says Yahweh, Behold, I will bring on Babylon, and on the Chaldeans who dwell therein, a destroying wind.
Moses said, This is the thing which Yahweh has commanded you to do: and the glory of Yahweh will be revealed to you.
Behold, he speaks boldly, and no one speaks to him. Do these indeed know that this is the Christ?
It will happen in the fourth generation, that they will return here, for the sins of the Amorites will not be deferred.
For this cause I prayed to the Lord three times, that the rod might be removed from me.
He called the name of the second son Ephraim, for he said to him, God has made me prosperous in the land of my affliction.
The people answered Joshua, and said, There is none. We set ourselves to serve Yahweh.
The goat of the male goat, which was the length of the gate, was the king of Greece; and the horn of his horn, which was between his eyes, was the first king.
When the men of his armor saw that Saul was dead, he himself struck him with a sword.
Then said Stephanus, Brothers, hear now: The God of glory has appeared to him while Abraham our father was yet with us in Haran.
But woe to you rich men! For you are well-pleasing.
Gideon the son of Joash died in the days of his old age, and was buried in the tomb of Joash his father in the house of Ophrah of Abiezer.
and stayed with him some days, until your brother was angry with him.
Then said the servants of Achish to him, Isn't this David the king of the kingdom? and they have spoken word again in their dances, saying, Shall Saul kill all the thousands of them, and David kill all these ten thousands? isn't it he who kills them?
Now the ark was a long time in Kiriath Jearim, and it was twenty years; and all the house of Israel inquired of Yahweh.
Another disciple, Andrew, Simon Peter's brother, said to him,
The woman said to him, I have no husband. Jesus said to him, You have no husband, but you have no husband.
Now in the eighteenth year of king Josiah was this Passover kept in Jerusalem to minister to Yahweh.
Her eyes are red for wine. Her teeth are white for milk.
Can you shake the stubble that is in the wind? Or will you chase the dry grass?
Yahweh is merciful and upright. He shows the way of the sinners.
When Paul was waiting in Athens for the wonders of Silas and Timothy, he saw that the city was full of idols, and that his heart was kindled.
His disciples said to him, If it be so, it would be better for a man's wife to be married to a husband than for a wife to be married to a husband to be married to a husband to be married to a wife.
Their bulls are fruitful, And their calves have no birthright.
one male goat for a sin offering;
Moreover I said to the wicked, You shall surely die; if he turn from his sin, and do that which is lawful and right,
I tell you these things, that your faith may not be moved.
The Pharisees therefore said to him, You testify about yourself, and there is nothing in your testimony.
Hezekiah and the princes came to the heaps, and blessed Yahweh, and blessed his people Israel.
then the priest shall command that they take up the stones that are on the plague, and cast them into the uncleanness of the city.
As for the prince, for he is a prince, who shall sit in it, and eat bread before Yahweh: and he shall come in by the porch of the gate, and shall go out from there.
By the hand of Paul God did mighty works.
Behold, a woman who had a discharge of her father twelve years came behind him, and touched the fringe of his garment.
The idols are the work of a builders. The silversmiths overlaid him with gold, and cast him a denarius.
Yahweh said to Moses, Tell Aaron, Stretch out your rod, and strike the dust of the ground, and make it a savor throughout all the land of Egypt.
Now the rest of the acts of Menahem, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
For death came into our windows, into our strongholds; and out of the midst of the street they destroyed the children, and destroyed the young men.
Moses said, Show me your glory.
I have made myself a garden and a garden of fruit. I have planted in it every tree of its kind.
Neither shall you love your neighbor's wife, nor your neighbor's house, nor her land, nor her servant, nor her handmaid, nor her ox, nor her donkey, nor all that she has with your neighbor.
We know that he spoke to Moses, but where he came from, we don't know him.
Their tents and their flocks shall be robbed, and they shall take away all their vessels, and all their camels, and they shall be taken for their own possession; and they shall cry to them, saying, Fear shall be on every side.
He said to me, To bring him up to the land of Shinar; and if the house builds, it will put him in its own place.
Judah sent a kid by his friend the Adullamites, that they might take a pledge out of the woman's hand, but they could not find her.
Everyone who came out of his heart pleased, his male and his female, and everyone took the gold, the first-ripe divination, and the earrings, and the bracelets, and the bracelets, and the bracelets, each of them gave to Yahweh.
Moses and Eleazar the priest took their gold, even every beaten work that was good.
Moses anointed the tent of meeting with anointing oil, and all that was therein, and sanctified it.
So the king passed over, and came to Gilgal; and Chimham passed over with him: and all Judah passed over, and half the people of Israel, and sent the king over.
The lord came out to them, and said to them, Don't do this evil thing, my beloved brother. Don't be ashamed of him, since he has come into my house.
For God is greater than we, And knows all things.
We can't find him by the Almighty. He has great power. He has justice and justice. He won't afflict a man.
Joab the son of Zeruiah was captain of the army; and Jehoshaphat the son of Ahilud was recorder;
But who can stand in the day that he comes? Or who can stand when he is revealed? For he is like a burning fire, And like a flaming fire.
Therefore they answered, We don't know where it comes from.
He will return in the day of which his servant will not be numbered.
Christ died for us, that we might both live and die, and live with him in his coming.
I have given them knowledge of your name, and I will show them that you may love me in them, and that I may be in them.
The rest of men, whom they didn't attain to the peace of God, will keep your hearts in Christ Jesus.
They said, This is the Nazarene, a prophet Jesus, of Galilee.
There is no need for the seed, nor for the water, That the great God of it may be pleased.
All the promise of God was done to him, and we glorified God in him, Amen.
God stretched out his hand, and struck the stone, and he drew it off of the foundations of the mountain.
Sing aloud with joy, all the nations; for you shall judge the nations righteously, and over all the nations of the earth. Selah.
There was a chamber outside of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of
You are my King, God. Command Jacob to be saved.
This day I come to the spring, and say, Yahweh, the God of my master Abraham, if you want to, let my way be done.'
For Yahweh your God will go about in the midst of your camp to deliver you, and to deliver your enemies: therefore shall your camp be holy, that he not see uncleanness in the midst of you, and depart from you.
Jacob also went in to Rachel, and loved Rachel more than Leah. She served Laban seven years.
Do to Midian like you did to them, As at Kishon, to Sisera and to Jabin.
All the captains of the forces, Jehohanan the son of Kareah, and Jaazaniah the son of Hoshaiah, and all the people, from the least of them even to the greatest of them, came:
Shall a man die and live? I must endure the days of my labor, Until the day of my vengeance comes.
So did the magicians with their enchantments, and they made the frogs to come up into the land of Egypt.
But if you go from Yahweh to serve the foreign gods, then after that Yahweh has blessed you, he will turn again and do you evil, and destroy you.
Pour out your wrath on them, And overtake them with the wrath of your captivity.
You divided the sea before them, and caused them to pass through the sea like a dry land. You threw out those who pursued them into the depths of the sea, as a stone was cast out of the great waters.
Paul sought to enter into the multitude, and his disciples stopped him.
The children of Reuben, and the children of Gad, were exceedingly great in livestock; and they saw the land of Jazer, and the land of Gilead, where they might feed.
As the baptism, and the laying on of your hands, the resurrection of the dead, and the reigning of the judgment,
Yahweh your God will send to them a great and sweet savor, until they are consumed from before you, whom they have left.
Moses said to Aaron, and to Eleazar his son, and to Ithamar, Don't scatter the hair of the head, nor tear your clothes from you, lest Yahweh be angry with the assembly: but your brothers all the house of Israel wail for the fire of Yahweh.
If a man thinks himself to live in light, but hates his brother, he is still in darkness.
The valley of Lod, and the valley of Onus, the workman.
It shall happen in the latter days, when you are afflicted, that all these things shall come on you, and you shall turn to Yahweh your God, and listen to him.
I, Tedius, greet you in the Lord, even in this letter.
You who proclaim good news to Zion, go up onto the mountain, and publish good news to Jerusalem; you shall utter your voice with all your voice: lift up your voice, and don't be afraid, and tell the city of Judah, Behold, your God.
By the poor they blaspheme against the Creator. By the poor they respect the Lord in their lack.
The birds of the field will gather themselves together.
and Kedemoth with its suburbs, and Mephaath with its suburbs; four cities shall they give them.
All the remnant of the inhabitants of Syria, the kingdom of Damascus, the hill country of Ephraim, shall perish like the glory of Israel, says Yahweh of Armies.
For you shall go in to possess it, not as you came forth out of the land of Egypt, where you sow, and moat with your feet, as a field of herbs.
Therefore the animals of the wilderness and the wolves shall dwell therein, and the sword shall dwell therein; there shall be no son of man forever or ever.
and you shall eat until a full month, until the flesh comes out of your nostrils, and you are grieved; for you have forsaken Yahweh who dwells among you, and wept before him, and said, Why shall we go forth out of Egypt?
Behold, he brings forth his light on them. He covers the sea.
His wisdom prevailed against all, more than Ethan the Ezraite, and Heman, and Carcol, and Taldah, the sons of Mahor; and his praise was on all the nations round about.
He said to the king of Israel, Draw your bow with your hand. He drew his bow with his hand.
Therefore call all the prophets of Baal, and all those who minister to Baal, and all his priests, to me, and don't diminish a man; for I will sacrifice great sacrifices to Baal, and none of them shall live: so Jehu has dealt treacherously to kill all the worshippers of Baal.
If his strength isn't sufficient to offer two turtledoves, or two young pigeons, then he shall bring his offering for a sin offering of one tenth of an ephah of fine flour, for a sin offering, and not for oil, nor for frankincense; for it is a sin offering.
Saying, Your sins are forgiven,' or saying, Get up and walk.' What is the matter?
Jesus said to them, Give them something to eat. They said, We have here five loaves, and two fish. If we don't buy, why do we eat at all?
Ahaz said, I will not ask, Neither will I test Yahweh.
Then king David went in, and sat before Yahweh, and said, Yahweh God, who am I, and whose house am I, that you have brought me to this land?
The man said, Now this is the bone of my bones, and the flesh of my flesh; and I will call them women, because they brought them out of the man.
On the seventh day, on the twenty-threeth day, the king sent the people away to their tents, and to rejoice every man in his heart, because of the kindness which Yahweh had given to David, and to Solomon, and to his people Israel.
But these things are things which are made by men's teaching and teaching, and they can't be done with them.
Therefore I will execute my wrath, and my eyes will not spare, neither will I have pity; though they cry out in my ears, yet I will not hear.
He who endures, the rulers shall afflict him. The tongue of gentleness shall break out bones.
The multitude of the walking men of the camp turned aside, and they went up to the wasteland, and died.
For we don't boast in other things of labor, but in other things of self-control. We hope that your faith will be increased, and in that which is in you we will grow greater and broader.
When the captains of the chariots saw Jehoshaphat, they said, This is the king of Israel; and they turned back to fight against him. Jehoshaphat cried, and Yahweh helped him; and Yahweh was he who was not with him.
The Redeemer of them is mighty in his name, Yahweh of Armies. He will plead his cause for them, that the whole land may rest, and that the inhabitants of Babylon may tremble.
Then said I in my heart, I also shall find out what the foolish man has found: shouldn't I be wiser than they? I said in my heart, This also is vanity.
After these things, Mary turned herself, and saw Jesus standing there, and she didn't know that he was Jesus.
Be of good courage, that we may be a husband to our people, and to the cities of our God; and that Yahweh may do according to that which seems him good.
Because Yahweh can't bring this people into the land which he swore to them, he has killed them in the wilderness.
This is the word of Yahweh, that he spoke by Jeremiah, until the land had rest on its sabbath; for it had rest even to seventy years.
All their works are for the sight of all. They make the earth a breadth, and the fringe of the garment becomes a length.
Seeing that you are a desert, and don't burn and don't do it to you, I will pour you out from my mouth.
He said, With what will I liken the Kingdom of God?
They made two rings of gold, and two rings of gold, and put them on the two ends of the breastplate.
Whoever touches his flesh shall be sanctified; and if his blood be sprinkled on any garment, that which he has sprinkled, you shall wash in the holy place.
For they all saw him, and were afraid. Immediately Jesus said to them, Peace be to you, and don't be afraid.
Let Saul, the daughter of Israel, weep for him! For he has made you to be clothed with scarlet, and has made your garments adorned with gold.
He said to him, What do you want? He said to him, When you are king, let me sit on your right hand one of these two sons, and sit down at your left hand.
When some of the multitude heard these things, they said, Surely this man is the prophet.
David called to a young man, and said, Draw near, and kill him. He went and struck him.
Of Asher he said, Let Asher be blessed for the children's sake, and let him obtain the joy of his brothers, that his feet may be sown in the fat.
You think that the Father loved us, and that we should be called children of God, and that we were truly children, and that the world didn't know us, because they didn't know God.
When his sister, Oholibah, saw it, she became more adulterous than she; and she multiplied her prostitution than her sister's sister.
It shall be, when Aaron has lit a lamp at evening, that he shall burn incense: it shall be a burning incense throughout your generations before Yahweh.
The wicked face is proud, saying, He will not seek salvation. All that he thinks is ungodly.
You shall sprinkle the leprosy seven times, to be cleansed; and you shall pronounce him clean, and shall let the living bird go to the mountain.
Then we possessed it. Aroer, that is on the edge of the valley of the Arnon, and half of the hill country of Gilead, and all the cities of it, I gave them to the Reubenites and to the Gadites.
When the dream was completed, he took counsel, sat down, and took the best of the fish, and brought them, and cast away the fish of the sea.
Then will I search Jerusalem with a lamp, and I will visit those who are like those who sit on this great island: and they think in their heart, Yahweh will not bless, nor do evil.
So the priests, and the Levites, and the porters, and the singers, and some of the people, and the Nethinim, and all Israel, lived in every city.
If his father doesn't have a brother, then he shall give his inheritance to his relatives, and he shall possess it: it shall be a statute for the children of Israel to break, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
Samuel said to him, This day Yahweh will cut off the kingdom of Israel from before you, and so will he give it to a neighbor of yours more than you.
They went before each other. The spirit went where they went; and when they went, they didn't turn aside.
He went out, and came to his father. When his father was a long way from him, his father saw him, and marveled, and ran, and lay on him, and kissed him straight away.
But we don't fear to do presumptuously, so that those who perish are saved with faith.
The sound of the wings of the cherubim went out into the outer court, as the voice of God, the Almighty, speaking.
A man's mouth will answer correctly, and he will be glad. Yes, he will be well when he comes.
That they may know that it is out of your hand, and that you Yahweh have done that which you have done.
Therefore you shall be filled with hunger, thirst, nakedness, and nothing; and you shall serve the servants of Yahweh, whom he sent against your enemies; and he shall hang on your neck with iron, until you be consumed.
The fruit of light is awesome, Righteousness, and truth.
They will not go after strangers, but will flee away, because they can't comprehend the voice of strangers.
It happened after the first year of the reign of Egypt, in the first month, in the wilderness of Sinai, that Yahweh commanded Moses, saying,
If anyone sins, even if he hears the sound of an oath, he shall testify; but whatever he sees or knows, he shall not say, He shall bear his iniquity.
You say that you have counsel and strength to fight, but I say this in vain. But who is your confidence, that you will rebel against me?
Abner talked with the elders of Israel, and said, You have longed for David to reign over you:
The caldron is to refine silver, And to refine gold; And to praise, it testifies to man.
But as for the Holy Son, he said, Your throne, God, remains forever. Your Kingdom is right.
You shall give a sin offering to the sons of Zadok the priest, the sons of Zadok, who come near to me, of a bull, says the Lord Yahweh.
To the angel of the assembly in Sardis write: The seven Spirits of God, and the seven stars, say, I know your work. The interpretation of it is living, and you are dead.
My son, don't forget my teaching. Keep my commandments in your heart.
They have no fear of their own self. Neither has the rod of God struck them.
Then they said to them, What is the name of this house that is built?
Therefore they who keep the commandments of God must be of one heart, and of one who is faithful in Jesus.
the ark, its poles, and the mercy seat;
This is the Ezra from Babylon, and the law of Yahweh, the God of Israel, which he gave Moses, who is a scribe of the customs. According to the hand of Yahweh his God, according to all that he asked of him, so he helped him.
Pharaoh did well to Abram because of her; and Abram found sheep, and oxen, and donkeys, and male servants, and female servants, and female donkeys, and camels.
The caldron is to refine silver, And the furnace to refine gold; But Yahweh is the heart to refine men.
But if a man keeps the word of God, the love of God is perfect; so that we may believe that we walk in God's will.
It happened on the next day, in the second day of the month, that David's son sent him, and let him go empty. Saul said to Jonathan his son, Why isn't the son of Jesse coming to eat both yesterday and today?
But we receive every man according to his gift which he has given us.
and all those who worship above all the army of the sky on the housetop, and all the worshippers, swore by Yahweh, and by Malcam,
Those who hate me will hate my Father.
I will fill his mountains with those who are slain. He who kills the sword will fall on your hills, on your valleys, and on all the pits.
An angel of the Lord appeared beside them, and the glory of the Lord was round about them. They were exceedingly afraid.
It was so, that when he had sown, and had shut up his house, and had plastered, and the plague came on him, and was spread abroad in the house,
and the offering of gifts for peace offerings, and the proclaiming of freewill offerings, which you shall delight in, even the children of Israel.
God has given him all the borders of his being blameless. He has become the keeper of all those who are subject to him, the keeper of salvation forever.
You shall entrust your matters to Yahweh, and trust in him, and he will perfect you.
When the Lord's angels came down to the upper pool, they struck the waters, and the first man, when he had gone down, was healed whatever sickness he was able to do.
Jesus said to them, I am the bread of life. He who comes to me won't be hungry forever. He who believes in me won't be thirsty forever.
He will say, Their gods, The rock in which they trusted;
Haven't you heard the words of this people? They say, The two tribes which Yahweh has chosen have he rejected; so have they despised my people, so that they shall no more build the kingdom before them.
In the third year of Asa king of Judah began Baasha to kill him, and to search after him.
Your beautiful fame reaches to the midst of the nations, and is perfect from your beauty; for I have given you my glory, says the Lord Yahweh.
I said, You are gods, You are the sons of the Most High.
For thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, The meal of the earth shall not be diminished, neither shall the oil of the inner chamber be released, until the day that Yahweh brings it down on the earth.
But Paul said to the men, We are the Romans, before we are examined, and they beat us in prison before the people, and put us in prison. Now will they throw us out secretly? Don't let them be known to the magistrates, to bring us out!
Behold, the shepherds roar, for their glory is destroyed. Hear, a mighty lion roars at the roaring, because the forest is laid waste by the Jordan.
Therefore we are more assured of the word which we proclaimed to the prophets. Listen, for it is as the lamp in darkness, and as it is in the morning, until the revelation is made in your heart.
The priest shall offer the burnt offering and the meal offering on the altar; and the priest shall make atonement for him, and he shall be clean.
You shall make of brass all the vessels of all the service of the tent, and all the pins of it, and all the pins of it.
Yahweh of Armies, my King, my God, the sparrows have found a house for themselves. They have answered for their own possession, which is in your altar.
that we may believe in this, that we may receive all things blamelessly.
I, Yahweh of Armies, have planted you: now I command evil against you, because Israel and the house of Judah have done wickedly, and have burned incense to Baal, and have provoked me to anger; but it shall be a recompense for myself.
As he has glorified himself in his chariots, so shall he afflict him: for he said in his heart, I sit as a queen in the king's seat, and I am not a widow; I will in no way grieve.
Sing to God, you heavens, for Yahweh has made it; for the earth is a place of rejoicing; and the mountains shall sing aloud, and the trees of the forest and of the trees of it; for Yahweh has redeemed Jacob, and he will be glorified in Israel.
Being patient, be patient, that the will of God may be revealed, that he may receive the good promise of his promise.
All the women of the land didn't find them beautiful as the daughters of Job: and their father gave them inheritance among their brothers.
A voice of the horsemen, a voice of the rushing of the wheels, a voice of the rushing of the horses, a voice of the roaring of the chariots;
Then they brought him to the high priest. All the chief priests, the elders, and the scribes were gathered together.
Haven't you understood yet? Haven't you forgotten that I gave to the five thousand five loaves of bread to eat, and the residue of your flesh to gather fat?
but one thing they could accuse me, that I stood and cried out among them, saying, I am judged this day for the resurrection of the dead.'
He became great, great, and great, and great.
The people answered Joshua, and said, We will serve Yahweh our God, and listen to his voice.
Amaziah killed of the Edomites in the Valley of Salt ten thousand, and took Silas, and called his name Jothel to this day.
They asked him, What is the work of the Sabbath, or of the evil? What is the life of a deliverer, or of a man's life? They kept silence, and didn't answer a word.
King Solomon was twenty cubits long, and twenty cubits broad, and thirty cubits high, for the house that Yahweh had built.
As a man builds a house, and digs it down, and puts it on a rock, So that the flood springs over against the house, And the house doesn't tremble, For the house is established.
But if you will not listen to me, and if you will not keep the Sabbath holy, yet will you go into every gate of Jerusalem on the Sabbath day; and I will kindle a fire in every gate; and it will devour the palaces of Jerusalem, so that you will not quench it.
Then Jesus went through the grain fields on the Sabbath. His disciples were hungry, and they ate.
When he has made an end of breaking the first vows, he shall cause himself to be condemned.
who gave me strength, that is, Christ Jesus our Lord; who counted me faithful, and commanded me to serve him.
For we must all die, as waters poured out on the earth, that we can't be gathered again; but Yahweh didn't take away the life of man, that he should not be driven out of him by the hand of the avenger of blood.
You have made the destruction of man's desire like a moth, when he warns him. Surely the world is empty. Selah.
You show loving kindness to the merciful. You show integrity to the perfect.
Yahweh, my rock, he has redeemed my lord. Let my mouth be accepted before you, that which I have spoken, and that which I have thought in my heart.
Who is God, but Yahweh? Who is a rock, save our God?
When Saul saw it, he knew that Yahweh was with David, and Michal the daughter of Saul loved her.
He made the ephod of gold, and of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen.
But you who brought you up out of the land of Egypt with power and outstretched arm, fear him, worship him, and sacrifice to him.
God, you see this as a light thing; for you have spoken yet more of the house of your servant into a perpetual generation. You have dealt with me, Yahweh God, as the honorable man.
Why are you in despair, my soul? Why are you disturbed within me? Hope in God. Yet I will praise him, for he is my face, and my God.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: Go, and speak to the men of Judah, and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem, saying, Don't you receive instruction, and don't obey my voice? says Yahweh.
Yahweh abhors the way of the wicked, But those who seek righteousness shall love him.
There shall be no more after these days any more, when Yahweh hears the voice of men, because Yahweh fights for the children of Israel.
I said to the wicked, You shall surely die; and if you will not warn him, and will not warn the wicked, that he may depart from his evil way, and save his life; and the wicked shall die in his iniquity; but I will require his life out of your hand.
He entered into the synagogue again, and there was a man with a handkerchief.
There is a river, whose waters run open, and give gladness to the city of Yahweh, even to the Most High, the Holy Place.
Departing from the way, they go astray. None is good, neither is there any sword.
It is better to dwell in the corner of the housetop, Than to dwell in a large house with a contentious woman.
If we don't wait, we have come the second time.
When they enter into the inner gate, they shall put on linen garments: they shall not wear wool in the gate of the inner gate, nor in the gate of the temple.
It happened in the morning, that Yahweh bowed himself down from the cloud, and from the pillar of fire, and looked, and saw the army of Egypt, and overthrew their banners.
Yahweh wrote to me in two tables of stone, which Yahweh wrote with his finger, and which was written on it according to all that Yahweh spoke to you on the mountains and in the fire in the day of solemn assembly.
Who can declare his generation? For he has laid hold on the life of the earth, seeing he is humbled by the judgment of unrighteousness, and has no one forsakes his righteousness.
Oh that I would take a little water, and wash your feet, And lay down in the tree!
You blind guides, little children, have taken him away, and the camels are swallowed up.
Thus shall Pharaoh do, and appoint officers over the land: five parts of it shall be for the fruit of the land of Egypt, when it is seven years old,
Aaron is dying, because he can't enter into the land which I give to the children of Israel; for you have broken my commandment in the waters of Meribah.
The king made a raid in the plains of the Jordan, in the valley of Succoth and Zereth, in the land of the rock.
I will make your body to serve, says Yahweh; and it shall heal your soul; for they call you out of their power, Zion, and none comes to inquire of it.
I am the vine, and you are the branch; and I, who dwell in me, will dwell in it; and you shall bring forth fruit abundantly: for if it be with me, you shall not do anything.
They also persuaded the people, the elders, and the scribes, and rushed on Stephen, and delivered him up to the council.
These four fell by the hand of David, and by the hand of his servants, whom the Gittites bore.
It happened in the year of the Passover, that his father and his mother went to Jerusalem to pass through the feast.
All your bows have gone forth, and all your oaths to the tribes are true. Selah. You have divided the earth by rivers.
Thus shall you do in the way which Yahweh your God commanded you, that you may live, and be blessed, and that you may prolong your days in the land where you go to possess it.
But you shall divide the whole fruit of this son by a double prostitute, and shall cause it to grow again: and when he comes, you shall kill for him a fattened calf.
But the multitudes were exceedingly astonished, saying, He is good in all his works. He makes the deaf hear, and the mute can speak.
Jacob lifted up his eyes, and saw that Esau was coming, and that four hundred men were with him. He divided the children, and delivered them to Leah, and delivered them to Rachel, to the handmaids.
I will keep your statutes. Don't leave me alone.
All who were numbered of the Levites, Moses, and Aaron, and the princes of Israel, according to their families, their fathers' houses,
For he has established your bars. He has blessed the children of your midst.
They brought him up first to Annas; for he was the chief priest of the people, and he was the father of Caiaphas the high priest, the same year.
One of his servants answered the king, and said, The remnant of the horses, who are yet in the city, send you five men: behold, the horses are as those that are left in the city; behold, the horses are as those of all Israel who are consumed: let us send and see.
His dominion is great, but he is not of his own power: he shall deal utterly with destruction, and prosper; and he shall do according to his will, and shall destroy the dominion and the holy people.
Another name was Eliezer; for Moses said, My father's God has helped me, and delivered me out of the sword of Pharaoh.
Her branches shall be broken in pieces; and she shall come and devour her; for the people are foolish: therefore they have made no mercy on them, neither shall it be gracious to them who formed them.
If the bright spot stays in its place, and doesn't grow, it is a cloud of boils; then the priest shall pronounce him clean.
Yahweh walked in heaven, and in the earth, and in the sea, and in all the depths of it, according to his own will.
I will shake the nations, and all the nations will come; and I will fill this house with glory, says Yahweh of Armies.
I will be his Father, and he shall be my son; and I will not remove my loving kindness from him, as I have separated him from you.
When he saw that there was a fig tree by the road, he came to the tree, and no fruit was found on it, but only the leaf. Jesus said to the tree, From now on, you shall never yield again. Immediately the fig tree withered away.
He called to himself the multitudes, and the disciples, and said to them, If anyone wants to follow me, let him leave himself, and take up his cross, and follow me.
I will make Jerusalem a heap, and a dwelling place for jackals, says Yahweh; and I will make the cities of Judah a desolation, and there shall be no inhabitant.
I also shall not be worthy of all the loving kindness and truth that you have shown to your servants: I took my rod, and passed over the Jordan, and have become two companies.
Joshua arose early in the morning, and all Israel with him, and departed from Shittim, and came to the Jordan; and he rested there until he passed over the river.
Samson said to them, I have hurt the Philistines this time, and they don't sin against me.
Those who escape in Mount Zion shall be holy. The house of Jacob shall possess it.
It happened on one of those days, that Eli slept in his own place, and his eyes were dim, and his eyes didn't see it.
Therefore it is a promise made by faith, that it may be given to all the seed of Abraham through the grace of God which is white, not only circumcision, but also confession to the bondservant of God. Abraham is the father of all our people.
It happened in the first month, in the seventh year, in the first day of the month, that the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Pharaoh prepared his chariot, and took his people with him;
God said to the man clothed in linen, Go in, between the wheels that are on the hinder part, and between the cherubim that are on the cherubim, and over the coals that are on the cherubim, filled with two hands, and sow on the wall: and I looked up, and saw the man going in.
You shall set apart your wife, and another shall lie with her; and you shall build your house, and shall not stand in it: and you shall plant the vineyard, and shall not eat its fruit.
saying, Where is the Lord, that he will come near? All our fathers are dead, but all things are from the beginning.
But these came to Philip, the Bethlehemite of Galilee, and begged him, saying, Sir, we want to see him.
His lord answered him, I tell you, I will give him more people, and whoever doesn't have, I will take him.
Samson struck them with a great slaughter, and the dead body died. He went down, and lived at the stone of Jedam.
One who has a spirit of faith, and one who has a spirit of healing,
Prepare yourselves, you, and all the army that is with you, you and all that is with you; and be theirs.
Yahweh preserves all those who love him, But whoever does evil, he will destroy them.
Don't you remember that I fed the four thousand seven loaves of bread, and you filled those who were left?
When we had sat by the river Babylon, we remembered Zion, and our eyes ran down.
For the Levites have no portion nor inheritance with you; he, and the foreigner, and the fatherless, and the widow, and those who dwell in your gates, may eat until you are full: therefore Yahweh your God has blessed you in all that you do.
They are ashamed of the hope. When they arrive, they are confounded.
Then Gideon brought the people down to the waterside, and Yahweh said to Gideon, Let that man stand by him, as the dogs do, and let him stand by him; and let him who goes down to drink water, let him stand by him.
All the vows of his vows, and all the oaths of his covenant, he shall afflict himself, and his husband shall establish him; and his husband shall destroy him.
He was angry, and a certain one looked at them, and hardened their heart, and he said to the man, Put out your hand, and that man will go out with his hand, and will serve.
Yahweh spoke to Moses on that day, saying,
He is exceedingly beautiful in the waters. Cursed are their portion on the earth. He won't turn again into the way of the vineyard.
He will die in his youth, And their lives will be like children.
For Israel has forgotten their Maker, And built the temple. The fortified cities of Judah will I kindle a fire in their cities, And I will burn their tents.
When the Lord Jesus had said these things to them, he was received up into heaven, sitting at the right hand of God.
I will set on your stones the purple of your foundation, And the blue of your stones I will lay on your foundation, You, who are afflicted by a great wind, that can't comfort him.
When you cry out, that you may save you that which you shall gather; and the wind shall blow to them; and the breath shall blow to them; but he who trusts in me shall possess it, and he shall inherit my holy mountain.
Therefore thus says the Lord Yahweh: I will judge you, house of Israel, according to all your ways: return you from all your sins, and sin shall not be consumed you.
Whoever listens to him speaks, his understanding and his answers are astonished.
These are the kings who reigned in the plains of the Jordan, between Succoth and Zereth, in the land of the rock, and in the marshes of it, and in the marshes of it.
He measured the length of it twenty cubits, and the breadth twenty cubits, before the house; and he said to me, It is most holy.
Saul was angry, and didn't please him; and he said, Give me ten thousand talents, and thousands of thousands; but the kingdom shall not be given to it.
You shall fear Yahweh your God, and serve him, and swear by his name.
He cried with a loud voice, Fall down! Babylon is fallen down. Now this city is a dwelling place of desolation, a herd of unclean spirits, and the birds of the abominations that are unclean.
But if a man doesn't believe in himself, he will not be acceptable to God, but believes in God, and believes in those who seek him.
Yet I will not forsake them, nor abhor them, while they are yet in the land of their enemies; but I will utterly destroy them, and will break my covenant with them; for I am Yahweh their God.
Take heed to yourselves, for they will deliver you up to the council, and you will be snared in the synagogue; and you will stand before the guard and the king for my sake, and testify against them.
You shall surely lift up your face without blemish; and you shall be established, and shall not be dismayed.
As Jesus sat down in the Mount of Olives, Peter, James, John, and Andrew secretly asked him,
Egypt is like the Nile, which is full of waters, whose rivers go astray. His words say, I will set my face on the earth, and I will cover it. I will destroy the cities, and the inhabitants of it.
Pharaoh said to him, What lacks you here in me, that you want to return to your own land? He said, I have nothing to lack: but let me go.
Then said he to me, Greatly beloved Daniel, know these words that I have spoken with you. Stand up, for I am sent to you. He spoke to me this word, and I stood righteously.
Joram took all his chariots, and went over to Zair, and rose up by night, and struck the Edomites who were behind him, and the captains of his chariots; and the people fled, every man to his tent.
The elder and the honorable are the first, But the prophet who teaches lies is the last.
Do what is right, that God may show you to be an abominable man, a workman without offense, and a proverb of the truth.
that I may boast in the day of Christ, for I am not a fugitive, neither is all my labor in which I am displeased.
Solomon built the cities which Hiram had given Solomon, that the children of Israel should dwell there.
Give thanks to Yahweh with harps, And praise him with ten harps.
He called all the chief priests and the scribes of the people, and said to them, Where is the Christ born?
Yahweh of Armies said, Go up against my shepherd, and against him who is with me, to go up to battle. He struck the shepherds, and the flocks were scattered; and the little ones I will turn my hand against them.
When all Israel saw that the king didn't listen to them, the people said to the king, What portion have we in David? we have no portion in the son of Jesse: return, Israel, to your tents, David, to your own house. So the children of Israel returned to their tents.
Take twelve men from among the tribes of Israel, every man from his tribe:
They said to Joshua, We are your servants. Joshua said to them, Who are you? From where did you come?
Remember, Yahweh, how I have walked before you in truth, and have done that which is good in your sight; and Hezekiah wept with a loud voice.
For all the people became sinners because of the disobedience of one man. Likewise, all the people became righteous because of the obedience of one man.
The redemption of the money of the house that comes out of it shall be Aaron's and his sons'.
He feared God, both he who was godly, and he who was wholly poor, and he always prayed to God.
There was a son whose name was Saul, and he was strong, and he looked good: and there was none like him in Israel; and he lifted up his head above all the people.
Samuel said to Saul, Why do you trouble me, and bring me up? Saul said, I am poor and exceedingly poor; for the Philistines have warred against me, and God has forsaken me, and has not answered me with a prophet or a dream; therefore come me, that I may show me what I must do.
But Jesus answered them, Come after me, and let those who are dead of the Spirit bury themselves.
The word of Yahweh came to Jonah the son of Amittai, saying,
then will I make this house like Shiloh, that it may be a tent of cursing in all the kingdoms of the earth.
If I remember these things in my heart, I will be vexed in my north.
But David, the ark of God, had brought him up from Kiriath Jearim to the place where David prepared him; for he had pitched a tent for God in Jerusalem.
That we may dwell in darkness and in the shadow of death, And lead our feet in peace.
I lifted up my hand to the sky, and said, As I live,
If a fool is still, he is wise. If a fool doesn't have discretion, he is wise.
and Solomon had sat on the throne of the kingdom.
So the field and the cave were assigned to Abraham for a possession by the children of Heth, for a possession of a tomb.
But his heart was haughty, and his holy one strong; so that he walked in pride; and he was exalted above his throne, and took away his glory.
Jacob took the green fir trees, and the almond trees, and the trees, and the feeble branches, and put out the horns of the spears in white, and brought them out.
He who blesses Yahweh will inherit the land of promise. He who curses him will be destroyed.
There is great fear for the workers of iniquity. God is with the righteous.
He delivered their livestock to the hail, And their flocks to the lightning.
It happened after two years, that his bowels went out for his disease, because it was sore. His people didn't make him a burnt offering, as they burned to his fathers.
Therefore, my beloved brothers, I have obeyed you all in your days. For now I am not with you, but rather with you. Be dismayed, and tremble, and be perfect in your salvation.
On the first day of the first month he departed from Babylon, and on the fifth day of the month he came to Jerusalem; for he had God's gracious hand to help him.
Go, gather together the elders of Israel, and tell them, Yahweh, the God of your fathers, the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, who appeared to me, saying, Surely I have visited you; and I have seen that which man did to you in Egypt.
But he who hates his brother, he lives in darkness. He walks in darkness. He doesn't know his ways, because the darkness has blinded his eyes.
This shall be the charge of the sons of Merari the keeper of the tent of meeting, and of the bars of it, and of the posts of it, and of the sockets of it, and of all the vessels of it, with which they minister:
For this cause the priests who were about their neck, and all who came into the house of Ashdod, didn't bear the burden of their journeys, until this day.
I give you my heart, lest I labor in the midst of you, and it become vain.
It is Yahweh who pleads my cause, And subdues the peoples to me.
He said, If you listen diligently to the voice of Yahweh your God, and do that which is right in his eyes, and listen to his commandments, and keep all his statutes, and I will make the sickness of the Egyptians to you, it shall not be found for you; for I am Yahweh who heals you.
He made the altar of burnt offering of acacia wood five cubits long, and five cubits broad: and the altar was foursquare, and the height of it three cubits.
Thus says Yahweh: As I have brought this great evil on this people, so will I bring all the good that I have promised them.
I shall die in this land, and I shall not pass over the Jordan: but you shall pass over to the good land.
Pharaoh said, I will let you go, that you may sacrifice to Yahweh your God in the wilderness, but don't go far; pray for me.
You shall observe to do these statutes and ordinances, which you shall give you for an inheritance in the days of your life, which Yahweh, the God of your fathers, gives you:
Their king and his princes shall go into captivity together, says Yahweh.
Then Job answered,
The wicked shall return to Sheol, And the nations that don't remember God shall do so.
for Yahweh your God is with you, and he will fight for you, and for your enemies, and will save you.
But you shall not build a house; and the son of your son who is with you shall build a house for my name.
The wind went forth from Yahweh, and brought out the quails out of the sea, and went down by the side of the camp on the one day about, and on the other side about a day's journey round about the camp round about, and there were two cubits on the earth about.
Hiram king of Tyre sent messengers to David, to build him a house, with cedars and masons of water.
Yahweh is my light and my salvation. Whom should I fear? I, Yahweh, am the strength of my life. Who should I be afraid of?
You shall not eat of blood: therefore it shall be that you shall do that which is right in the eyes of Yahweh; and you shall be blessed, you and your seed.
Don't believe, beloved, in all that you have, that you must prove it, whether it is not of God; for many false prophets have appeared in this world.
The cloud departed from off the tent; and behold, Miriam was leprosy. Aaron looked at Miriam; and behold, he was leprosy.
Cry aloud, you shepherds; Bow down in the midst of the ashes, for the time has come for you to be slain and to be scattered; and you shall fall down like the vessels which men delight in.
As for you, I purpose to speak in all of you in a different way, and to Paul in a different way, and to Apollos in a different language, and to Peter in a different language, I am Christ.
For Yahweh is the Maker of the heavens, and he is God, who made the earth, and finished it, and established it, and didn't make it, but made it to dwell in. He says, I am Yahweh, and there is none else.
It shall be, if they be ashamed of all that they have done for themselves, that you shall show the pattern of the house, and the pattern of it, and the place of it, and the place of it, and all its pattern, and all its ordinances, and all its ordinances, shall be written in their sight; that they may keep all their ordinances, and do all their work.
So they took every man his censer, and put fire in it, and put incense on it; and Moses and Aaron stood at the door of the Tent of Meeting.
They have given me a mother's mother to your spirit. Honor such.
Woe to you! For you have made a tomb for the prophets who killed your fathers.
Therefore I tell you, don't be anxious about your life, what it will be to eat, what it will be to drink, or what it will be to you. Isn't your life greater than food, and your body than clothing?
Which of the nations of the earth is as your people Israel, whom Yahweh went to redeem them for a people, that you might be a name to do great and awesome things to your people; for the nations have driven them out of your people, whom you have redeemed out of the sight of the peoples of Egypt.
David said to Solomon his son, Be strong and of good courage, don't be afraid nor be afraid; for Yahweh God, my God, is with you; he will not depart from you, nor forsake you, until all the work of the house of Yahweh be finished.
Many of them reasoned about him, saying, He is good. Others said, No, but he is partial to the multitude.
I made Saul king, and repented, because he turned back from following me, and didn't keep my commandment. Samuel was filled with the heart, and inquired of Yahweh all night.
The children of Benjamin didn't drive out the Jebusites who lived in Jerusalem; but the Jebusites lived with the children of Benjamin to this day in Jerusalem.
Another will test him, and ask for a sign from heaven.
He fell down before his feet until the day that the sky didn't bear, and rose up. He said, Don't let anyone know that a woman came to the threshing floor.
Now we know that you know all things, that no one will ask you. Therefore we believe that you came from God.
He said to them, Go, tell the fox, Behold, this day and tomorrow I am casting out demons and healings, until the third day I have finished my work.'
You have also come down from heaven on Mount Sinai, and have spoken to them, and have given them a right law, and a true law, and a good law, and a good commandment;
Thus shall you tell the prophets, What has Yahweh answered you? or what has Yahweh spoken?
Then the king of Israel called for a ruler, and said, Get quickly Micaiah the son of Imlah.
From the rising of the sun, and from the going down of the sun, that no stranger shall know me but me; I am Yahweh, and there is none else besides me.
All your enemies have opened wide their mouth to you; they have ridiculed and lifted up their teeth, saying, We have swallowed him up; for this is the day in which we looked for it: now have we found it, and we have seen it.
All these things were the beginning of the labor of the hands of the poor.
He brought Aaron's sons, and Moses put some of the blood on their right ears, and on the thumb of their right hand, and on the big toe of their right feet; and Moses sprinkled some of the blood on the altar round about.
Those who were numbered of them according to their number, from a month old and upward, were six thousand two hundred.
The temple of God was opened in heaven, and his ark was seen in the temple. There followed lightnings, sounds, thunders, thunders, and hail.
Immediately they looked around, and didn't see a man, but Jesus was with them.
For Damascus is the head of Syria. Rezin is the head of Damascus. In sixty-five years Ephraim will be overthrown, so that he will not be a nation.
On the seventh day the priest shall examine him, and, if he has spread it on the skin, then the priest shall pronounce him unclean. It is the plague of leprosy.
But if it is so, let them stand and judge, and judge according to my ordinances. In all my set feasts keep my ordinances, and keep my Sabbaths holy.
He went up with his father and his mother to Nazareth, and came to them. His mother wrote all these things in her heart.
We will not possess them beyond the Jordan to the other side of the Jordan; for our inheritance is beyond the Jordan eastward.
Most assuredly I desire to speak with the Almighty, But I desire to be partakers with God.
This is the thing that Yahweh, the God of Israel, shall have in Israel this day one tribe: why then is this in the midst of Israel?
For when they went up to the valley of Eshcol to see the land, they carried away the children of Israel from going in to the land which Yahweh had given them.
On the south side were Elizur the son of Shedeur the prince of the children of Reuben, according to their divisions, the standard of the camp of Reuben.
But Hezekiah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem humbled themselves, because their heart was lifted up, so that the anger of Yahweh didn't come on them in the day of Hezekiah.
If the avenger of blood pursues him, they shall not deliver the slain into his hand; for he has killed his neighbor unwittingly, and has not hated him.
that someone had told me that Saul was dead, and that he himself had a good news, and that I laid a snare on him in Secrea, and killed him.
He shall cut off their filthiness from their waist to their thigh.
You have made us a proverb among the nations, And have shaken the heads of all the people from among us.
For this cause Solomon sought to kill Jeroboam. Jeroboam fled into Egypt, and came to Shishak king of Egypt; and he lived in Egypt until Solomon was dead.
The word of Yahweh of Armies came, saying, This people has not yet come in the time of the mouth of the house of Yahweh.
The Moabites were about ten thousand slain, mighty men of valor, and not one of them escaped.
Yahweh is my rock! Blessed be he! He has tried to make war in my hand. He has devoured my fingers.
Son of man, prophesy, and say, Thus says the Lord Yahweh concerning the children of Ammon, and concerning their faces: Speak, there is a sword plucked out of the midst of the sword, and there is a light to kill, that it devours, as the lightning devours.
Joash slept with his fathers, and was buried with the kings of Israel in Samaria: and Jeroboam his son reigned in his place.
Take from among all things an offering, an offering made by God for a wave offering; and it shall be for the priests, the priests, of the blood of the sacrifice of peace offerings, of the blood of the sacrifice of peace offerings.
It happened, when many days were passed by, that they came to the sea of Coned, (for the tempest of the wind was fallen on us in the land of Crete), that we went over the other side of the wind from Samoneh.
Gilead's people, and all its princes, reasoned one with another, saying, Who shall go first against the children of Ammon? The man shall be chief of all the people of Gilead.
But the men didn't listen to him; and the man took his concubine, and delivered him up outside, and they bound him with him, and forced him all night; but when the morning had come up to bring him up, they let him go.
Peter summoned them into the house, and stayed there. On the next day Peter went with them, and certain of the brothers who were with Joppa followed him.
It happened on the next day, that Moses went into the tent of the ark of the testimony: and behold, it was of the house of Levi, and of Aaron's rod: it was dim, and brought forth flowers, and blossomed, and brought forth almonds.
David reigned forty years over Israel: and he reigned seven years in Hebron, and thirty-three years reigned he in Jerusalem.
David inquired of Yahweh; and he said, Don't come near to them: turn you behind them, and strike them from the sycamore tree.
Sins come into the world from a man, and death comes in after him. All the men of Christ will die, for all have sinned.
This is the way of everyone who forgets the man of God. He who is ungodly, his hope will fail.
The tombs are opened, and the people of God are many who are dead, and their bodies rise again.
I have also appointed Oholiab the son of Ashzabad, of the tribe of Dan, with him; and I have given wisdom in their heart, that they may do all that I command you.
Yahweh said to Joshua, I have removed this day the reproach of Egypt from you. The name of that place was called Gilgal to this day.
You have made my treadings large. My feet have not trodden away.
They told my father, saying, You have brought forth a son. Let him be well-pleasing. Let him be cursed.
The men of Herod's anger was kindled against Tyre and Sidon: therefore the men joined themselves together, and sent to Herod; and they bowed themselves to the king's house, and begged him that he might make a request; for their price was to be called by the king's district.
You shall lift up your rod, and you shall gather the congregation with Aaron your brother; and before their eyes you shall command the rock to go forth out of the water; and you shall bring water out of the rock for the people, that the congregation may drink, and their livestock.
They came up out of Midian to Balaam; and they brought with them certain men from Balaam to Egypt, to Pharaoh king of Egypt: and Pharaoh gave them houses to dwell in; and the food for the provision of food was given to them, and gave them fields.
A foolish son is the sorrow of his father. A foolish father doesn't rejoice.
They went on as they talked about what was done.
For you did not do so, because our God Yahweh chastised us, because we didn't seek him according to the ordinance.
He made two pillars of brass before the house, thirty-five cubits high, five cubits high, each of the five capitals of a pillar.
Samuel said to the baker, Please take the part that I have given you, that you may bring it out.
Then said the old prophet to him, I am also a prophet, like you. An angel spoke to me by the word of Yahweh, saying, Take him up with you to your house, that he may eat and drink water.' All this was the old prophet who deceived him.
But one thing I must reprove, that you have rejected my love.
Mark, Aristarchus, Demas, and Lycas, my fellow workers greet you.
On the throne were twenty-four thrones round about, and on them twenty-four elders, clothed in white, and the crown of the first fruits of gold.
Yahweh has founded the earth with wisdom, And spread forth the heavens with understanding.
They went and called to the gate of the city, and said to them, We come to the camp of the Syrians, and behold, there is no man there, neither is there a voice; only a horse is bound, and the donkeys fastened, and all the tents are gathered together.
The Kingdom of Heaven is like a master of the vineyard, who went out early in the morning, and hired men to go into his vineyard, and worked in his vineyard.
They prayed, and said, Lord, you know everyone's heart. Show us. One of these two is chosen by you.
When I scatter them among the nations, and scatter them among the nations, then shall they know that I am Yahweh.
But whatever you do, do with all your heart, as with the Lord, and not as with men.
Consider the former things. For I am God, and there is none else. I am God, and there is none like me.
They shall bake the Passover with fire according to the ordinance; and the sacrifices shall be with pots, and with hooks, and with psalteries, after that they have made an end of bringing them to the people.
It happened, when Asa heard these words, and the prophesying of Odediah the prophet, that he arose, and cut off all the abominations from all the cities of the hill country of Ephraim throughout all Judah and Benjamin, and built the altar of Yahweh before Yahweh at the porch of Yahweh.
Now Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and his brothers the priests, and Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and his brothers, were come up to build the altar of the God of Israel, to offer burnt offerings thereon, as Moses the servant of Yahweh wrote in the book of the law.
How long has Abraham been accounted for as righteous? Has he been circumcised before or after? Has he been circumcised before, and not after.
The people repented for the children of Benjamin; for Yahweh made the tribes of Israel to ride on a horn.
The feast of unleavened bread, which is called the Passover, is at hand.
It happened, when Jerusalem was in trouble, that the Edomites said, Break it down! Break it down! Stretch it down to the foundations! Remember, Yahweh, that day.
But the root of it shall not be deep, neither shall it live for a while, but shall immediately be forsaken by trouble and distress.
God said, The heavens and the waters shall be gathered together to a place, and the dry places shall be revealed. He did so.
You shall be blessed above all peoples. There shall not a man or woman among you be barren, neither shall any of your livestock be barren.
When David was come to Ziklag, he took from among the spoil, and sent to the elders of Judah his friend, saying, Behold, these are the spoil of Yahweh, and are your gifts.
The Philistines gathered themselves together, and encamped in Shunem. Saul gathered all Israel together, and encamped in Gilboa.
Every one of them had four brazen brass and brass-in-law; and the whole of the vineyard had a molten ring under the basin, and the molten bracelets were on each of them.
After that you shall raise up another nation, and it shall not lift up your kingdom: and after that there shall be a third kingdom, which is brass, to rule over it.
I have not eaten of your sheep nor of your goats in the twenty years that I have lived with you. I have not eaten of your flock, neither of your flocks, neither of your flocks, neither of your flocks.
He killed the young bull, and Moses took blood, and anointed the horns of the finger on the altar round about, and made the altar clean: and he put blood on the altar, and sanctified it, and made it holy, and made atonement for it.
Hannah prayed, and said, My heart is merry because of Yahweh; and my horn is lifted up because of Yahweh: I have spoken aloud to the enemy; for I rejoice in your salvation.
(The same was also the land of the Rephaimites, who lived in it before the Rephaim; and the children of Ammon called them holy.
Take heed therefore to what you shall hear; for whoever has, that he may be multiplied; and whoever doesn't regard himself as one, that he may be taken away.
When the house was shut up, they were unclean until the evening.
and the word of Yahweh came by the river Chebar, which is in the land of the Chaldeans, to Izekel the son of Buzite the priest; and the hand of Yahweh was on him there.
In the evening, a great multitude of those who were possessed by demons came to him, and he cast out demons with one word, and healed all those who were sick.
They answered him, The Lord needs it.
The firstborn is angry, and doesn't enter. The father comes out to entreat him.
He set up the court round about, and put up the screen for the gate of the court.
He said, Thus says Yahweh, Open you the valley everywhere, saying,
The man went and proclaimed to him in Decapolis what great things Jesus had done to him. They were all amazed.
Then came Jeroboam out of Jerusalem; and behold, Ahijah the prophet the Shiloh met him by the way; and he was clothed with a new garment. They were both in the field, and there was none else.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: For Moab and Seir have spoken, saying, Behold, there is nothing in the house of Judah and in all the nations.
Nadab and Abihu died before Yahweh in the wilderness of Sinai, when they offered strange burnt offerings; and they had no sons or daughters: and Eleazar and Ithamar bore the priest's office before Aaron their father.
Blessed are those who believe in Yahweh, Who don't regard pride and vanity.
It happened after few days, that about one hundred twenty brothers were gathered together, that Peter rose up and said,
He departed there, and went to his own country, and his disciples followed him.
Now I know what to do. After that they will receive me into their house.'
What shall I do then? I will pray in my soul, And will pray in your supplication; And I will show me the spirit and the spirit.
It happened after the fourteenth year, that I went up to Jerusalem with Barnabas, and with Titus.
You shall write them at the door of your house, and at the door of your gates.
The archers struck him with their arrows, and struck him with their arrows, and persecuted him.
So I drew near to him, and killed him; for I knew that when he was fallen, he wouldn't live: and I took the crown of his head, and the bracelet of his hands, and brought it to my lord.
You shall remember his great works which he did, the songs of praise which they sang out to you.
Immediately he proclaimed in the synagogues that he was the Son of God.
For as rain and snow descend from the sky, They will return no more. They water the earth, and give its fruit to the ground, so that seed may be sown, and food may be given to it.
I tell you that as in the sky, there will be one rejoicing for the sinner, more than the righteous who don't repent for the ninety-nine.
Your riches are like palm trees. Your breasts are like clusters of fruit.
Behold, brother is at peace. He is at peace. He is at peace. He is at peace.
The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ be with you.
You clothed me with skin and flesh, And made me clasp myself with bones and roots.
neither built house to dwell in, nor vineyard, neither fields, nor seed.
I am the God of Bethel. From there you have anointed the pillars, and vowed a vow to me. Now arise, get you away from this place, and return to your land.'
The king of Israel said to Jehoshaphat, Didn't I tell you that this man would not speak good of me, but evil.
Only the land of the children of Ammon, and the land by the side of the Jabbok, and the cities of the hill country, and the land which Yahweh our God has forbidden us to go there, you shall not come near to it.
Are you the first to be born? Or are you the first to be formed above the mountains?
They shall command, saying, Prepare you for war, and fight; arise, and let us go up at noon. They said, Alas for the day, the shadow of the night is long.
When he was two years old when he lived in his own house, he received them all.
But you shall go down to Sheol to the uttermost part of the pit.
He said, I will give you the land of Canaan, and I will be your portion of your inheritance.
I will leave the poor and needy in the midst of you, and they shall trust in the name of Yahweh.
Behold, some of the people who were in the temple were oxen, sheep, and doves, and some were sitting there rushing on the money.
When therefore they came again to Jerusalem, and Jesus was walking in the temple, the chief priests, the scribes, and the elders came to him,
When he had made an end of offering the burnt offering, he said to the guard and to the captains of the army, Go in, kill them; don't let a man go out; and they struck them with the sword, and threw out the guard and the captains of the army; and they came to the city of the house of Baal.
They shall know that I am Yahweh their God, who brought them forth out of the land of Egypt, that I might dwell in the midst of them: I am Yahweh their God.
These are those who were numbered of the families of the sons of Merari according to their families, their fathers' houses,
If the fire has devoured the thorns, and it has devoured the heaps, or the heaps that were not cut out, or the fields, then he shall surely make restitution.
There were also consecrated holy things, six hundred bulls, and three thousand sheep.
He didn't continue in the council, but in the council of the Jews, who were the men of Arimathaea, who waited for the Kingdom of God.
The boy grew, and weaned him. Isaac weaned him, and Abraham made a great feast in the day when he weaned him.
Aaron and his sons covered the sanctuary, and all the vessels that were in the sanctuary, when they were come forth; and they shall bring forth the children of Kohath: but they shall not touch the holy things, that they not die: and all the things in the Tent of Meeting shall be the carrying of the children of Kohath.
Elijah answered the captain of the guard, If I am a man of God, let fire come down out of heaven, and burn with you fifty men. Fire came down out of the sky, and devoured him and the fifty men who were with him.
He shall make himself holy the days of his separation, and shall not put his head to his head; until the day of his separation is accomplished to Yahweh; he shall be holy, and shall bring forth the hair of his head.
The Spirit stood still, but I didn't see his form. I heard a voice before my eyes, and said,
The children of Dan went on their way. When Micah saw that they were stronger than he, he turned his face to his house.
Our elders and the people who are with us said to us, Take with you the food of the way, and meet them, and tell them, We are your servants: now therefore make a covenant with us.'
As he was with the apostles, he said to them, Don't go from Jerusalem, as I said to you, until the promise of the Father be made.
His servants shall serve him, and shall see his face; and his name shall be written on their foreheads.
Salt is good. If it is so, what will be the fruit of it?
Moses spoke to the children of Israel, saying, But they were grieved in their heart, and labored, so that they would not listen to Moses.
He went and said to the man of God, Elisha said, Go, don't go, neither leave your bread nor leave your son, that you may live.
We lay our hands on the day. We cursed them, but blessed them. We persecuted and endured them.
I saw the sea, with the sea of fire, and those who overcome it, the beasts, his image, and those who were numbered with the number of those who stood on the sea, and everyone with his God's rod in his power, standing in the sea.
I am burned with wrath, as with fire, because of those who forsake your law.
Jehoiada made a covenant with the people, and with the king, that he should be a people of Yahweh.
Therefore we boast in you in all the assembly of God; for in your persecutors and in your adversaries, in your patience and in your faith.
Remember his wondrous works, His signs, His ordinances, And his ordinances in his mouth.
He brought all that was taken, the captives, and the livestock.
I said to the king, If it please the king, please let me bring my letters to the governors beyond the River, and let me pass over to Judah;
Mephibosheth, Saul's son, was taken away by the king's hand; for David and Jonathan, Saul's son, had sworn by the name of Yahweh.
Again the king sent another horse, and came to them, and said, Is it peace, thus says the king? Jehu said, What have you to do with peace? turn you after me.
In that day the people secretly enter into the city, as in the battle, and flee away; and the people secretly enter in.
He went forth from the one end of the sky to the other end of the sky. All things were covered with him.
Now when they saw that you were no more with them, they marveled, and blasphemed at you.
But when Peter turned himself, and saw the disciples who Jesus loved following after them, he began to say to Jesus, Lord, who is the one who will betray you?'
When Jesus had said these things, he departed from Galilee into the region of Judea, beyond the Jordan.
The breadth of the gate was ten cubits; and the two sides of the gate were five cubits on this side, and five cubits on that side: and he measured the length of it forty cubits, and twenty cubits on that side.
When I was a Jew, I believed in the Lord because of the Jews. I believed, though not according to the law, because I believed in him who was under the law, because I believed in him who was under the law.
He said, I am also with you a little while, and I will return to him who sent me.
so that I may cause the house of Israel to rebuke themselves in their own heart, because they have joined themselves to me for their idols.
I will walk before Yahweh in the land of the living.
These are the portions which the priest shall have from the people: everyone who offers an ox or a sheep for a sacrifice shall give his finger, and his lips, and his feet, and his feet, and his feet, to the priest.
Then I and all the people whom I took shall come near to the city; and they shall flee before them, as at the first, when they shall come out against us.
They shouted with a loud voice, and with trumpets, and with trumpets they swore to Yahweh.
You shall not avenge yourself, nor hide yourself from the people of your own land; but you shall love your neighbor as yourself. I am Yahweh.
Let us therefore be bold, and come near to the throne of grace, that we may have mercy, grace, and help.
They cried with a loud voice, saying, Let him die! Let him die! crucify him! Pilate said to them, Do you want me to crucify your king? The chief priests answered, No one is king but Caesar. Pilate delivered him up to crucify him.
Can a reed flourish, and not be mire? Or a reed, that doesn't have water? Or a great one?
Yahweh your God has multiplied you exceedingly; behold, you are as the stars of the sky this day.
As the battle arose, the commanding officer feared him, and he was broken in pieces; and he commanded the soldiers to come down, and took Paul out of the midst of them, and brought him into the camp.
Six days shall you gather, but on the seventh day it shall be a Sabbath; and there shall be no Sabbath on that day.
But that the world might know that I loved the Father, and did do as the Father commanded me. Arise, and let us go.
He put the law in the ark, and put the poles on the ark, and put the mercy seat on the ark.
But if you will not listen to our voice, and be circumcised, then will we bring our sister away.
I will turn my ear to parables. I will show my mystery with harps.
Babylon was a cup of gold in his hand, and made all the earth drunk; and the nations drank of her wine, and the nations were stirred up.
For her sins are in the heavens, And God remembers her blemishes.
Righteousness shall be his belt, and faithfulness his belt.
Your two breasts are like the one that eats grass in the lily, from the dove, or the other from the dove.
Yahweh said to me, Take a great platter, and write the writing of it with men, and let it be written against Maher Shalal Hash Baz.
Joseph commanded the physicians who ministered to him, to charge his father with spices, and the physicians with spices poured out on Israel.
Yahweh said to Moses, Stretch out your hand over the land of Egypt, that the locusts may come up on the land of Egypt, and eat up every herb of the ground, which is without blemish.
As for all the wickedness of this people, which they have forsaken me, and burned incense to other gods, and have worshiped their hands, I will declare my judgments against them.
When I cry for help, My prayer shall not be heard.
When they had found him, they said to him, All the people are looking for you.
For though I am not present with you, yet am I with you in the Lord Jesus, who has made atonement for such sinners.
They said to Aaron, Make us gods, and lead us; for this Moses, who brought us up out of Egypt, didn't know what had happened.
God, your ways are holy. What god is there like you?
God said to Noah, This is the sign of the covenant that I have made with all flesh on the earth.
Don't let loving kindness and truth depart from you. Bind it on your neck, and write it on your heart.
that all may be yours, and the man whom you seek, as a multitude, shall return; and all the people shall be well.
The women who carried away captive the captives, both small and great, didn't kill any, but only carried them away captive.
Neither of the assembly of the Greeks, nor of the Greeks, nor of God, may you be a stumbling block to them.
Listen to their supplication, your servant, and your people Israel, when they pray toward this place: hear from heaven, and hear from your dwelling place; and when you hear, forgive.
and did not go up to Jerusalem to those who were before me to be apostles; but they went up to Arabia immediately, and came back to Damascus.
Jonathan said to David, I will do to you that which your soul desires.
God is magnified in his palaces.
He overlaid the two doors of the wood made of olive wood with gold of the appearance of cherubim, palm trees, and raisins; and he overlaid the cherubim with gold, and overlaid them with gold, and overlaid them with palm trees.
He shall judge among the nations, and he shall fill every place with the body. He shall break the head of his enemies on many nations.
You shall bring Aaron, and his sons, and his garments, and anoint the fat of them, and the bull of the sin offering, and two rams, one basket without bread.
But if she doesn't bear the head, when she prays, or when she prophesies, even the head of her own head, the husband of her own husband, and the woman, and the hair of her head, causes her to shave.
But we will praise Yahweh forever and ever. Praise Yah!
You shall offer these with their drink offerings, besides the continual burnt offering, and the meal offering of it: you shall offer them without blemish.
He sang before men, I have sinned, I have turned aside, I have not profited.
Consider this, you who don't forget God's servant, lest I tear you in pieces, and there be none to save you.
If a man sins worthy of death, and he be put to death, and you hang him on a tree;
He said, The fourth animal shall be the fourth kingdom, which is on the surface of the earth: it shall not be burdensome with all its kingdoms; and it shall devour the whole land, and it shall be trodden down, and shall be broken to pieces.
If your father sees that I am not there, then you shall say, David has earnestly asked that I let him go to his city Bethlehem, because he will offer there a year'.
Lord, how long will you watch? Deliver my soul from their calamity! Deliver my soul from the fierce lions!
But I write a new commandment to you from another corner, which is true to you and to Christ; for darkness passes over, and light has gone forth.
The men of Nineveh will rise up in the judgment with this generation, and will condemn it; for they have heard of Jonah's preaching, and have repented much more.
It happened on the next day, that they rose up early in the morning, and worshiped before Yahweh, and returned to Ramah, to his house: and Elkanah and Hannah his wife remembered Hannah,
Shout, you heavens! Shout, you earth! Shout, you mountains! For Yahweh has comforted his people, And will have mercy on their afflictions.
Yahweh said to him, Go up, go down, go up with Aaron: but the priests and the people shall not pass over before Yahweh; lest he come forth and strike them.
Then there were two robbers, one on the right hand, and one on the left, crucified with Jesus.
After two days, Jesus departed from there into Galilee.
Why didn't you give this ointment to the poor and needy, and sell it to three hundred denarii?
Will you yet exalt yourself to my people, And not let them go?
Then I came to Thessalonica, and lived by the captivity at the river Chebar, to the place where they lived; and there I sat seven days in the midst of them, and was amazed.
For Jesus knew who would betray him, and he said, You are not all clean.
Moses came down from Mount Sinai; and his hand was on the two tables of the covenant, and his face was toward Yahweh while he was going down to the mountain: and when he spoke to him, he shone, and said, Moses doesn't know it.
But he didn't know that there was a cloud there. His guests were in Sheol.
Not only so, but also so much as we also, that it will be an evil report, and a deceitful vision, and the house of Artemis the elder, will be despised. The daughters of Artemis, who are in all Asia, will be put to shame.
The Pharisees heard that he was more than John the Baptizer, and much more baptized.
For if the Lord Yahweh didn't show the prophets his servant by his secret counsel, they didn't do it.
Many times Yahweh has delivered them, but they have rebelled against him in their plot; for their sins are ceased.
Phinehas the son of Eleazar was ruler over them, and Yahweh was with him.
Now these are the appearances of each one of them. On the four sides are the cherubim, and on the four corners are the cherubim.
but you shall not eat his blood; you shall pour it on the earth, and shall pour out water in its place.
Saul said, Yahweh bless you, because you have pity on me.
He who has understanding answered, We fear that we will not be able to divide the matter between you. Yahweh is good for you to buy.'
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
They are like a lion that roars with his voice, That he may tear me from devouring me.
He didn't give his hand against the nobles of Israel. When they saw God, they ate and drank.
He who is perverse in heart is an abomination to Yahweh, But he who does a perfect work pleases him.
Yahweh spoke to Gad the seer of David, saying,
Let them praise Yahweh for his loving kindness, For his wonderful works to the children of men.
The third lot was for the Zebulun according to their families.
It happened after this, that the children of Israel blew the trumpet in the hill country of Ephraim, and the children of Israel went down after him out of the hill country: and Ehud went before them.
I cry to you. Deliver me. I will keep your precepts.
This is the law of the ark: The length of it was three hundred cubits, and the breadth of it fifty cubits, and the height of it thirty cubits.
When a bull touches the son of a man, or the daughter, it shall be done according to this law.
You said to me, Yahweh has heard the voice of your words. Yahweh said to me, I have heard the voice of this people speaking, which they spoke to you. All their words are good.
If he shall contend with me, and kill me, then we shall be your bondservants: if I prevail against him, and kill him, then you shall be our bondservants, and serve us.
This hope is not for us; for God has poured out his Spirit on us, which he has given us.
Yahweh, I have prayed to you. My prayer will come before you in the morning.
Son of man, hear the word that I speak to you: don't rebel, as the rebellious house, and open your mouth, and eat that which I give you.
A man of the children of Israel found him in the wilderness on the Sabbath heaps of wood.
God said to the angel, Sit at my right hand until I subdue your enemies under your feet?
They came to do violence, and drew near before them, and gathered the captives together, as the sand in abundance.
He came to Jerusalem, and worshiped, and went away. He sat in the chariots, and read Isaiah the prophet.
As for the remnant whom you have left, I will make them afraid and faint in the land of their enemies; and they shall pursue after them the voice of the wind with which they have lifted up their voice: they shall besieged, as a sword tosssed, and none shall pursue them; and he shall fall.
He did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh: he didn't depart from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, with which he made Israel to sin.
If you stretch out your hand now on him, and touch all that he has, he will surely cut you off face to face.
and you have broken the kingdom from the house of David, and given it to you: yet you have not walked after me, as David my servant walked in my commandments, to do with my heart as it was right in my eyes.
It will happen, when God blesses the children of Israel, that you shall see my house in ruin, and there shall be no old man in your house forever.
The king of Samaria will perish like the breach of waters.
Foolish man had two daughters, and they said continually, Give me, give me, for they have three things which can't be satisfied, but four things which have not been satisfied:
He arose, and went to Zerephath: and behold, when he was at the gate of the city, behold, a widow was gathering wood in the place where she was. He called to him, and said, Give me a little water of the sheep.
They shall keep the charge of all the vessels of the tent of meeting, and of all the men of Israel, to do the service of the tent of meeting.
Amaziah returned from the slaughter of the Edomites, and took the gods of the Seirites, and made them gods of his own, and bowed down before them, and burnt incense to them.
I applied my heart to know wisdom, to know madness and folly. Afterward I perceived that it also is a chasing after wind.
Will you reject us, God? Will you not go forth with our armies, God?
Micah said to him, Where are you from? He said to him, I am the Levite of Bethlehem Judah, who will seek a place to dwell in.
Now Jeshua, and Bani, and Kadmiel, and Shebaniah, and Bunni, and Sherebiah, and Bani, and Chenani, stood on the side of the Levites, and cried with a loud voice to Yahweh their God.
These are the words which Yahweh made in the land of Moab, which he commanded Moses and the children of Israel, besides the covenant which he made with them in Horeb.
The winepress was trodden down outside of the city; and blood was poured out from the winepress, and the height of it was two cubits, and the length of it was about three hundred cubits.
Yahweh spoke to Joshua, saying,
He came with his disciples to a place called Gideman. He said to his disciples, Sit down here until I pray.
The king made beams for the house of Yahweh, and for the king's house, and harps and psalteries for the singers; and they didn't see in the land of Judah like that.
Zedekiah said to Jeremiah, Don't let anyone know these words, but you shall not die.
Bring forth your light and your truth, and lead me to your holy mountain, to your tent.
He has shown the mighty works of his people. He has given them the heritage of the nations.
It happened in the third year of Cyrus king of Persia, that Daniel, whose name was Belteshazzar, was declared to be a great war, a thing of truth: and Daniel understood this vision.
God will destroy you forever. He will take you, and will take you out of the tent, and will pluck you out of the land of the living. Selah.
We have broken down the south side of the Cherethites, and the land of Judah, and the south side of Caleb; and we have burned Ziklag with fire.
Don't tell the people what they say. Don't be afraid, neither be dismayed, nor be dismayed, that they are afraid.
For God is not worthy to die, neither is there any who has seen him, nor can see him. Honor and everlasting dominion belong to him. Amen.
I will cause the pestilence and the blood to enter into the street of Sidon, and the wound shall lie between it, and a sword shall be against it round about; and they shall know that I am Yahweh.
Those who hate Yahweh shall come and submit themselves to him, But they shall continue in their vengeance.
Hear my voice, God, when I cry. Keep my soul from the enemy.
When he had said this, he saw that Jesus was alone. They were silent, and didn't tell anyone what they saw.
gave his offering: one silver platter, the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering;
But as the tabernacle of heaven is, and as the shadow is, so is the minister of the law: as Moses was about to make the tent of meeting, so did God show him, saying, Take heed to himself that I have made you the pattern of it on the mountains.
He who doesn't listen to this prophet will destroy them out of the midst of his people.
Yahweh said to Moses, I also will do this thing that you have spoken: for you have found favor in my sight, and I have called you in my name.
Jesus refused, and said to him, Return to your house, to your relatives, and show them mercy on the Lord, and to all the great things that you do.
You, house of Israel, set you the way for yourselves, and stand on the posts; set you the way toward the highway, by the way that you go; return you, and return to your cities.
A man of kindness profits his own life, But a cruel man kills his own body.
Those who were in his city, even the elders of that city, and the nobles, did according to the writing that Jezebel had written, according to the writing that he had sent to them.
But if you know that it is written, I desire mercy, and I don't desire sacrifice', you shall not condemn those who have no sin.
Who has declared this to us from the beginning? Who has declared it from the beginning, that we should say, He is not cut down?' But there is no interpretation, neither is there any reverence, nor hears your words.
It happened on a day when Jesus was at Bethany, and was going to the house of Simon the leper, when he sat at the table,
They were glad, but they didn't believe. While they were still standing still, Jesus said to them, What are you eating?
Of the people, give glory to Yahweh, and to Yahweh, every nation.
He said to them, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, Go, return to me the man who sent you, saying,
and behold, a poor widow cast two men's dens into the pit.
Yahweh said to me, Take again the foolish shepherds' vessels,
He stretched out his hand against his fellow man, and rebelled against his covenant which he had made.
Joshua sent from Jericho to Bethel eastward, by Ai, which is in the city of Beth Aven, saying, Go, spy out the land. They went and looked at Ai.
For though I desire to know this word, yet I am in anguish;
Jesus answered them, Pray for this kind of thing, and cast it out.
Then Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came, and fought against him, and bound him with fetters of brass to bring him to Babylon.
It shall come to pass in that day, says Yahweh, that I will gather the lame together, and gather the outcasts together, and the afflicted whom I have afflicted him.
I know what is good in life, and what is good in life. Whether it is full of hunger, lack of bread, lack of bread, or lack of bread, I know.
When I heard that my heart was troubled, and my tongue shook, and my bones were decayed, and I trembled in my place; but I waited for the day of calamity, and the inhabitants of the land came up.
It happened after few days, that Jesus came from Nazareth of Galilee, and was baptized in the Jordan from John.
When the jailer arose, and saw that the prison was opened, and that all the prisoners were fled, they drew their swords, that they might be gathered together.
The word of Yahweh came to me in the eleventh year, in the beginning of the month, saying,
I will fly afar off, And lodge in the wilderness. Selah.
He will deliver us from the hand of the enemy, From the hand of all those who hate us;
So Samuel brought all the tribes of Israel near; and he took the tribe of Benjamin.
The enemy shall be destroyed, and shall be desolate forever: you have destroyed their cities, and no man shall remember them any more.
Why have you humbled yourself before me? have you seen him? for he humbled himself before me: therefore will I not bring this evil on his son in the day that he live, to bring it on his house.
Why are they broken in pieces? Why are the praises of the sky gone down? Why is Babylon become a desolation in the midst of the nations?
In his right hand went the divination of the arrows to Jerusalem; and he set the head of the sheep, and cried with his mouth, and cried with a loud voice, and struck the head of the sheep against the gate of the city, and built the heaps to build the heaps.
Martha said to him, Lord, if you are here, our brother will not die.
The seventh angel sounded with a loud voice, saying, The kingdom of the world is the Kingdom of our God, and of his Christ; and he shall reign forever and ever.
Of the children of Dan, their generations, by their families, by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all who were able to go out to war;
The farmer is ashamed, and has his head covered; Because he doesn't give rain, the earth is too big for him.
In the seventh month, in the tenth day of the month, you shall blow the trumpet in the sound of the trumpet; and you shall blow the trumpet throughout all the earth in the day of the sin offering.
Then the brook withers, because there was no water in the land.
If you ask for understanding, Make a great cry for understanding.
When they chose the new gods, they came to the gates of their cities: and when Israel was forty thousand, did he see the shield and the spear?
Yahweh said to Gideon, I will deliver you with these three hundred men of water, and will deliver the Midianites into your hand; and all the people shall return to their place.
It happened in the two years that it was so, that all who were in Asia, both Jews and Greeks, heard the word of the Lord.
He said to him, Go in peace, and let the God of Israel grant your petition to him.
When he saw that there was none there round about, he struck the Egyptian, and put him in the sand.
Therefore, brothers, comforted are we in all our affliction, in your faith.
One of the multitude cried out, Teacher, see my son, my son.
that you may be glorified in the name of our Lord Jesus, and glorified in him, both God and the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ.
The hand of Yahweh will fall on this mountain; and Moab will be trodden down in the land where he dwells, as the dry grass trodden under the pool.
Don't I command you? Be strong, don't be afraid, neither be dismayed; for Yahweh your God will be with you wherever you go.
It happened that day, that Deborah and Barak the son of Abinoam sang, saying,
Whoever touches anything that touches him shall be unclean until the evening. Whoever carries it shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the evening.
For though you didn't see him, and loved him, yet you didn't see him, and still believed him, and you didn't have the right to be glorified with words,
I will shoot three arrows beside the rock like a snare.
The five men who had seen the land of Laish said to their brothers, Do you know that there are in the houses ephods and idols in the houses, engraved images and molten images? Now consider what shall be the good?
Behold, there is a great evil under the sun, which the lord of his substance has kept against himself.
Out of his mouth proceed the brands of fire, Of the fire that comes out of his mouth, Of the fire that comes out of his cup.
He sent before them a man first, whom Joseph was sold for a bondservant.
Don't long for the night, When the people are cut off from their place.
and say, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: A great eagle, and great wings, and long ends, and open grass, and teraphim, and a cup to Lebanon, and a thorn of cedar;
Not Adam, who was deceived, but a woman was drawn away, and brought into sin.
They said, We knew him. They said, Is he well? They said, Peace. Behold, Rachel his daughter came with the flock.
It is a day of wrath, a day of distress, a day of destruction of the desolation, a day of darkness of darkness, a day of thick clouds,
Go up to Gilead, and take frankincense, you daughter of Egypt; you shall have abundance of kidneys, but you shall not be healed.
He who destroys shall come into all the cities, and there shall not a city be cut off; and the valley shall pass away, and the valley shall be destroyed, as Yahweh has spoken.
It happened after three years, that the two servants of Shimei fled to Achish the son of Maacah king of Gath. They told Shimei, saying, Behold, your servant is at Gath.
For no man is exalted from the east, nor from the west, nor from the south.
David longed, and said, Who will give me water to drink by the gate of Bethlehem?
It happened after forty years, in the wilderness of Mount Sinai, that an angel appeared to Moses in the flame of thorns.
He was sixteen years old when he began to reign; and he reigned fifty-two years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Jehoriah of Jerusalem.
You shall offer an offering made by fire to Yahweh for a burnt offering: two young bulls, one ram, seven male lambs a year old; you shall have no blemish.
Don't you know that your body is the body of Christ? Shall I then make the members of Christ a prostitute's body? May it never be!
Menahem struck Tephizath, and all who were among them, and all his borders, from Tirzah; for they didn't open the gate to him: therefore they struck him, and broke in pieces all the women who were in the midst of him.
For whatever place there are two or three men gathered together in my name, and I will be with them.
So they called the days of Pur, according to the name of Pur; for they had seen all the words of this letter, and all the things that they saw in this matter.
It happened in the ninth year of king Nebuchadnezzar, king of Babylon, in the fifth month, on the seventh day of the month, that Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard, king of Babylon, came to Jerusalem,
Jesus took the twelve, and went aside, and said to them, Behold, we are going up to Jerusalem, and all that is written concerning the Son of Man will be fulfilled.
David was afraid of Yahweh that day, saying, Why should the ark of Yahweh come to me?
His bones are like brass, His members like iron.
When Elisha the man of God heard that the king of Israel was tore his clothes, he sent to the king, and said, Why have you torn your clothes? bring him to me, and he shall know that there are prophets in Israel.
He broke down the pillars, and cut down the Asherim, and filled the country with the bones of man.
The birds of the sky, and the fish of the sea, and all the living creatures of the sea, were over him.
From the days of John the Baptizer to this day, the Kingdom of Heaven has been stirred up, and mighty men have taken spoil by force.
He came to his father's house to Ophrah, and killed the sons of Jerubbaal, the seventy men his brothers, on one stone; but Jotham, the youngest of the sons of Jerubbaal, remained, because he had fled.
A Holy One's heart will understand knowledge, But one who has a loud tongue will speak diligently and understand.
God revealed the prophets, that they didn't know their service to themselves, but for you. These things were spoken to you through the Good News, by the Spirit who sent out of heaven, and by the angels, until they were known.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
I have not bought man's money, nor clothing,
The glory of Yahweh went up out of the midst of the city, and lodged on the east side of the city.
The mouth of the righteous thrives, But the fool dies without knowledge.
The women said to Naomi, Blessed be Yahweh, who has not forsaken you this day, so that you have no kinsman. Let this child be famous in Israel.
Their heart melts like oil, But I love your law.
God will not redeem his wrath. He will subdue those who are under him.
as the valley of a scattered stream, as the garden by the river, as the cedars of the knowledge of Yahweh, as the cedars of the waters by the waters,
He came, and saw them sleeping because of the long eye, and they didn't know how to answer him.
This light is dark, but darkness doesn't receive light.
Therefore I exhort you in the name of the Lord, that you don't persist any more in those things which are beyond the Gentiles.
Out of the tribe of Dan they gave to Jericho, and to its suburbs, to Gibbethon, and to its suburbs;
Jesus stood still, and summoned and brought him. As he came near, he asked him,
For you say, Where is the house of the queen? Where is the house of the wicked?
He who strikes a bull will be buttered, and he who strikes a nostrils will be blooded; so that he who provokes to anger stirs up strife.
As is the law of the children of the children of the children of Ammon, and of the children of the children of foreigners, so is the law of the fathers.
Moses said to Yahweh, Then the Egyptians shall hear; for you have brought up this people out of the midst of them by your might.
It happened, when Ishmael his son was circumcised, that he was thirteen years old.
They heard that Jesus was risen, and that Mary saw it, and she didn't believe.
In the midst of the nations he has declared his glory. In the midst of the peoples he has spoken of his wondrous works.
So Uzziah was angry, and took the censer to burn incense in his hand; and when he was angry with the priests, he raised up his head suddenly before the priests who were in the house of Yahweh by the altar of incense.
She smoked ashes on her head, and tore off the purple garment, and went headlong with her hand, and wept as she went.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
You shall not touch him with your hand, but shall stone him or shoot him with an arrow: neither shall any man nor animal touch him or touch him; and when the sound of the trumpet goes out, they shall come down to the hill country.
In the twenty year that Jeroboam king of Israel began Asa to reign over Judah.
He set him on the high places of the earth, to eat the fruit of the field; and he gave him drink from the rock, and drink the fat of the fire.
His lord said to his servant, Go out into the way, and get someone by the side, that my house may be filled.
Blessed are those who are filled with sin, For God comforts them.
For I will bless you because of the house of Yahweh our God.
For if it is a good thing to do good, it will be a good name for itself, and if so, it will be able to speak boldly concerning the word of Christ Jesus.
They have ears, but they can't hear; They have no nose, but they can't hear.
They went in to Samaria, and Elisha said, Yahweh, open the eyes of these men, that they may see them. Yahweh opened their eyes, and they saw, and didn't see, but they were in the city of Samaria.
Then Absalom fled; and the young men of the watch lifted up their eyes, and saw, and behold, a great multitude came after him by the way of the mountain by the side of the mountain.
Behold, I will make you a new vessel of grain, and in it shall be built; and you shall strike the mountains to the mouth, and make the mountains to be as chaff.
The four tables for the service of the burnt offering shall be the heaps, the heaps, and the heaps, the length of which shall be half a cubit, and the breadth of which shall be half a cubit, and the height of which shall be one cubit: the burnt offering and the vessels of the offering shall be on it.
For the law of the children of Israel is the law of the priests who are under the charge of the Levites, who profane the things which are lawful for a man, and who doesn't set up another priest of Melchizedek, who doesn't receive the things which are lawful for Aaron.
He sat opposite the sacrifice, and saw all the people cast down, and there was a great multitude of rich people, and they cast out much money.
His chambers shall be inhabited forever without man, and there shall be none to dwell in; and the Arabians shall not pitch their tents there, neither shall the keepers of their flocks be left there.
You shall not redeem the money of your life for the blood of the man who kills the dead, but you shall surely put him to death.
I have prepared for my God a house of strength, of gold for gold, of silver for vessels of silver, of brass for vessels of iron, of iron for vessels of iron, and of wood for wood; and of horses, and of precious stones for precious stones, and of light, and of the stones of the grass, and of every stone, and of the great stones.
Ahaziah was forty-two years old when he began to reign; and he reigned one year in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Athaliah the daughter of Omri.
He said to them, Behold, Yahweh's fear is wisdom, and he is understanding from evil.
For he is a rudder-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-bread
He spoke of the locusts, from the cedars of Lebanon to the heifers that came up on the wall, and of the animals, and of the birds, and of the creeping things, and of the waters.
The understanding will seek knowledge with their whole heart, But the mouth of fools will love folly.
He gave to the king one hundred talents of gold, and many spices, and precious stones: and the spices that were brought after them were no more like the multitude of the kings of king Solomon whom Sheba the queen had given to her.
If your brother turns into a poor man, and lives with you, and sells himself to you, don't let him be as a servant to you.
You shall not take gold, silver, or brass, in your kidneys.
Yahweh's works are great. All those who delight in him will be glad to find out what he has done.
So you will be our glory in the day of our Lord Jesus, and we will be your glory.
When Joab saw that the enemy was before him, he set the battle in array, and chose out of the army of Israel the horsemen, that they might set the battle in array against the Syrians.
All those who were around him begged him that he would leave them, for they were sore afraid. He departed in the boat.
I said to the priests and to all the people of this land, Thus says Yahweh, Don't listen to the prophets who prophesy to you. They said, Behold, the vessels of the house of Yahweh shall not return from Babylon; whereas they prophesy to you falsely.
I, Yahweh, have called you righteously to take your hand, and to keep you, that you may be a light to the nations, a mediator of the covenant of the people;
Now I tell you that you shall not take these men, but let them go; for if they devise and do, they shall surely fall;
He who takes away the wicked from before the king, His kingdom shall be established in righteousness.
You shall fear Yahweh your God, and serve him, and be in his place, and swear by his name.
If I am afraid of the multitudes of the great multitudes, I am afraid of the destruction of my relatives, so that I can't go out at all;
No custom for us in Rome, or in our custom, is right.
It happened on the next day, that the Philistines came to spy out those who were slain, and found Saul and his three sons dead on Mount Gilboa.
The length of his clothing was as the breadth of his flesh: and his name was called the Word of God.
Then the firstborn of a man's hand was revealed, and the writing was written in the king's house and in the lampstand, and the king saw the writing written in his hand.
You shall remember that you were a bondservant in the land of Egypt; therefore I command you to do so.
It shall happen, when you hear the word of Yahweh your God, that the blessing shall come on you, and shall come on you:
that you may be filled with the comfort of the knowledge which is able in Christ.
There was a man's face on this side, and he looked toward the palm tree; and there was a lion's face on that side, and he looked toward the palm tree; and so was the house round about.
When your people go forth to the way which you have sent them to fight against their enemies, to pray to you in the city which you have chosen, and in the house which I have built for your name,
The Jews sought Jesus at the feast, and asked them, Where is the man?
Oh that our Lord's exhortation was a ransom, and Paul, our beloved brother, gave God's wisdom to him, and wrote to you also in this letter.
According to these things he made ten brass bases. In like manner they were fashioned, fashioned, and fashioned.
Yahweh will reign over all the earth. Yahweh is only that day, and his name is only.
For he is not the God of the dead, but of the living, because they are all living for the Lord.
Leah conceived, and bore a son, and called his name Reuben, for he said, Yahweh has seen my affliction. Now my husband will love me.
Many brothers are confident that they are in the Lord because of my prison, and are not afraid to preach God's word.
For they plot to harm you, But they will not prevail.
The offering was for the man to open the way, and to bring it before a great woman.
I will sacrifice to you thanksgiving, And will call on the name of Yahweh.
Trust in a strong faith in him, for you know that all the brothers of the earth are afflicted.
So all the elders of Israel came to the king to Hebron; and David made a covenant with them in Hebron before Yahweh: and they anointed David, and made him king over Israel, as Yahweh had spoken by Samuel.
When you saw Nahash king of the children of Ammon come against you, you said to me, No; but we have appointed a king over us: whereas Yahweh your God is your King.
Behold, I tell you the truth: there were in Elijah three or three years in the days of old, and there was a great famine in all the land, and there were many widows in Israel.
Joseph took Jacob his father, and went in to him, and stood before Pharaoh. He blessed Pharaoh.
Blessed be yours, and I will bless them. Cursed be yours, and I will punish him. In you will all the families of the earth be blessed.
Aren't you eating and drinking and drinking, eating and drinking?
then your heart was feeble, and you humbled yourself before Yahweh; for when you heard the words that he spoke against this place, and against the inhabitants of it, then you humbled yourself before me, and tore your clothes, and wept before me, I have heard your words, says Yahweh.
Thus you are witnesses of your children who have been with the prophets.
You have taken hold of my feet with your feet. You have looked at all my ways. You have taught my feet.
When they had come into the city, they raised up a great tower, and heard; and there were Peter, John, James, Andrew, Philip, Thomas, Bartholomew, Matthew, James the son of Alphaeus, Simon of Selud, and Judas Jacob's son.
My God, I will sing praises to you, and praise your truth. The Holy One of Israel, I will sing praises to you.
They likewise said to him, You are the disciple of the man, and we are the disciple of Moses.
She said, Blessed be you me, that you have set me in the land of the South; give me springs of water. She gave her springs that were on the top of the waters.
Sarah feared one, and denied it, saying, I don't laugh. The man said, No, but you have a laugh.
The children of Benjamin returned at that time; and the children of Israel gave them the rest of the daughters of Jabesh Gilead, which they had left to him; yet they were not sufficient.
As one of those who are bound by the Lord, I exhort you to be called by God in all things.
Jehoshaphat the son of Asa began to reign in his place, and strengthened himself against Israel.
It is not from God that you confess this, neither is it from the Spirit, nor from the Spirit of the Antichrist; but you have heard that it is coming, and that it has come into the world.
Jesus touched his hands, and immediately he sat on the table, and rose up and ministered to him.
The beast's head was like a deadly wound, and his life was healed. All the children of the earth marveled, and they followed him.
He built the court of the priests, and the great court, and the door of the court, and fastened the doors of brass.
The floods overflowed forty days on the earth. The waters were raised up, and the ark was plowed with grapes, and the ark was sunk in the ground.
Find out more about money, Find out more about it, like hidden treasures,
then the elders of his city shall call to him, and shall tell him, If he says in his heart, I will not lead him;'
When they were baptized, Jesus also came to be baptized. When he prayed, he opened the heaven,
and Ain with its suburbs, and Uthah with its suburbs, and Beth Shemesh with its suburbs, and the ninth city with its suburbs, out of them two tribes.
Behold, two prisoners were taken with him, and were led astray.
He who devises evil will be called evil-doers.
Laban and Bethuel answered, It is come to pass that we are not able to speak to you either good or bad of Yahweh.
Now I don't live, but Christ lives in me. I live now, and live in the Son of God. He loves me, and forsakes my life.
(The half of the congregation had thirty-three thousand and seven thousand and five hundred sheep;
Joash king of Israel took Amaziah king of Judah, the son of Jehoash the son of Jehoahaz, at Beth Shemesh; and he brought him to Jerusalem, and broke down the walls of Jerusalem from the gate of Ephraim to the corner gate four hundred cubits.
Isn't it said, The Christ is the son of David, who went out from Bethlehem, David's brother?'
Thus shall you perish from off these nations which Yahweh destroys before you; because you didn't listen to the voice of Yahweh your God.
Rejoice always in the Lord, and in the Lord. Rejoice, and I will speak again.
For if a tree is cut, yet there is hope and a stumbling block in it, and no branch is left behind.
He has saved others, so that they can't save themselves. He is king over Israel. Let's believe, that he has come down from the cross.
Every man who has a discharge from his body shall be unclean, every bed whereon he lies. He shall sit on it, and it shall be unclean.
It happened at the first, when the king was come out, that David sent Joab, and all his servants, and all Israel; and they struck the children of Ammon, and struck Rabbah: and David abode in Jerusalem.
Hezekiah turned his face to the wall, and prayed to Yahweh, saying,
When I come to you, don't persecute me from you. I will not be carried away from those who do the things that are done by us in the flesh.
We have cried out like a bear, Like a turtledove. He looks for justice, But he doesn't find it. He looks for salvation, But he is far from us.
Grace, mercy, and peace from God the Father, and Jesus Christ our Son, the Son of our Father, fills us with truth and love.
I adjure you, daughters of Jerusalem, By the roes of the field, that you not stir up, nor awaken from my desire.
All the money that was found in the house of Yahweh was poured out, and given into the hand of the workmen, and into the hand of the laborers.
It happened, when the morning had come, that he went out again, and saw a man standing in a great way gloriously,
For the king's ships went with the servants of Hiram to Tarshish: and the ships of Tarshish were of gold, and of silver, and of ivory, and of fine flour, and of fine flour, three years, and three years.
It happened, when Joshua was dead, that the children of Israel said to Yahweh, Who shall go up before us, and fight against the Canaanites?
There was a lame man in Lystra, and he sat alone, and from his mother's womb he bowed himself, and could not do it.
He tore the tower of Penuel, and killed the man of the city.
I will declare to him the sum of my steps, that I may come to him as a king.
because they persecuted you with deceitful counsel, and ensnared you with deceitful counsel, and with their sisters, the daughter of Midian, and Cozbi, in the day of deceitful counsel against you; for the day of the pestilence was this Cozbi; for the matter of Beor was laid waste.
When he was struck, he was still alive with many witnesses. In the tenth day of the month, he appeared to the apostles, and spoke to them concerning the Kingdom of God.
If the ear says, I am not the eye, it is not the body's. Therefore the ear shall not be uncircumcised.
Jesus came near, and gave them bread, and the fish were divided among them.
Jehoram said, Bow down, and take his chariot. Jehoram king of Israel went out, and Ahaziah king of Judah; and they sat everyone on his chariot, and took Jehu; and they found him in the field of Naboth the Jezreelite.
They cast out many demons, and anointed many sick people, and healed them.
He saw that for the riches of Egypt he was more honorable than he, because he looked for the reward.
For I purposed that none of these things should be raised up, except in the midst of you, Jesus Christ, who was crucified by him.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Until I visit you, shall your heart be refreshed? shall your hand be strong? Yahweh has spoken this word, and he shall do it.
She had two wives. One named Hannah, and another named Peninnah. There were children born to Peninnah, and Hannah had no children.
He spoke to the children of Benjamin, saying, Go, hide yourself in the vineyards,
Adonijah said to him, Come in, you are an arrogant man, and a good news.
Day by day they were gathered together together in the temple, and went to the house to celebrate and to celebrate and to celebrate and to celebrate and to celebrate and to celebrate and to celebrate.
They answered him, Our fathers are Abraham. Jesus said to them, If you are Abraham's seed, you will do what Abraham does.
I tell you, the camels also go beyond the needle's eye to a rich man into the Kingdom of Heaven.
If you bring the offering of your furnace for a meal offering, you shall offer unleavened cakes of fine flour, mixed with oil, or unleavened cakes of oil.
He sent also the young men of Israel to offer the burnt offering, and the oxen for peace offerings to Yahweh.
The oxen went toward Beth Shemesh by the way, and went by the highway; and as they went astray, they didn't turn to the right hand nor to the left: and the lords of the Philistines followed, and came to the border of Beth Shemesh.
It happened, when Adoni-Zedek king of Jerusalem heard that Joshua had taken Ai, and that he destroyed all the cities of Ai, as he had done to Jericho and to his king, as he had done to Ai, and that he heard that there was peace between the inhabitants of Gibeon and Israel,
All the land of Egypt is before you, that your father and your brothers may dwell in a good land in the land of the land; and they may dwell in the land of Goshen: and if you know that there is more to them than any of their people, then you shall set them over my livestock.
Remember them, my God, because they have defiled the priests, and have broken the covenant of the priests the Levites.
You will be hated by all men for my sakes.
I will make a distinction between my people and your people, and tomorrow shall have this sign.'
then shall you fasten your tongue, and speak no evil words; and the words of your lips shall not be spoken deceitfully.
The sons of Levi, the keepers of the priesthood, who were all of the children of Abraham, even the children of Israel, were brothers; but they were commanded, according to the law, to the tithe of those who were brought in by the testimony of the people.
Then Judah was his sanctuary, and Israel was his helper.
When Jesus saw the two ships by the sea, he caught fish and fish, and they went away from the boat.
When you enter into any city, or to any of the censers, then you shall inquire of whoever it is who shall take you, and go and dwell there, and turn aside from there.
Yahweh my God, let your heart remember the prayer of your servant, and the supplication of your supplication, to hear the cry which your servant prays before you this day.
To Yahweh give glory and strength, You son of the Mighty One, to Yahweh.
You have not satisfied me with money to buy for me, nor with the oil of sacrifice; but have made me to labor because of your sins, that I may be weary for your iniquities.
Judas, the son of Jacob, and Judas Iscariot, who betrayed him.
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, everyone who entered into the service, for work in the Tent of Meeting.
and I will establish him forever in my house, and in my kingdom; and his throne shall be established forever.
Others fell by the road, when he sowed. The birds came, and ate the seed.
Yahweh said to Joshua, Don't be afraid of them; for I have delivered them into your hand; and none of them shall stand before you.
all the sheep, and the oxen, and the animals of the field,
Son of man, prophesy in this way, and tell Gog, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: Don't you know the day in which my people Israel dwells in safety?
From the great river even to the land of the Philistines, even to the border of Egypt, Solomon ruled over them: and they brought tribute and served Solomon all the days of his life.
The fracture of the friend is good. But the taste of the enemy is great.
The idol will perish together.
He said to them, What are you arguing with them?
Don't forsake me, Yahweh. Don't far from me, my God.
Jesus answered them, You didn't consider it necessary. You didn't know the power of God.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: In the first month, on the first day of the month, take the bull without blemish, and sanctify the sanctuary.
Then Zedekiah the king commanded that Jeremiah should be shut up in the court of the guard every day out of the house of show bread he should give him a band of dough, until there was no wall in the city, so that Jeremiah remained in the court of the guard.
The king said to all his people, Behold, this people Israel is stronger than we.
It happened afterward, that they poured out their sacks, so that they could not reach to every man's sack in his sack; and they were dismayed, and their father, when they saw the money.
For many of you added thanks to God, not only to those who believe, but also to those who serve them.
Wherever you enter into a house, you shall dwell therein, and you shall travel from there.
We are of God, and our servants who know God listen to us, and don't belong to God's servants, that we may discern the Spirit of truth, and the Spirit of error.
He let go those who are in fear of death, who are in bondage to death all the days of their life.
Let the king judge the afflicted people, And deliver the poor, And crush the oppressor.
and he shall take of the sheaf of the sheaf, and lay it down on the ground, and gather it; he shall not shout for it.
Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel, for you have revealed your servant, saying, I will build you a house: therefore your servant shall pray to you boldly with this prayer.
Tell them, All the gods of heaven and earth, who are not made, shall perish from the earth and from the sky.
But Jesus lay down in the boat. They woke him up, saying, Rabbi, aren't we ready to lose a life?
The child burnt a brook in his inward parts, and he said, Why then have I found such a thing? He went and inquired of Yahweh.
The elders of Jabesh said to him, Teach us seven days, that we may send to all Israel; and if none rescues us, then we will come out to you.
Now this grace, that we must forsake our godless way of life, and the lust of the world's burnt offerings, and live in righteousness, godliness, and godliness, in this world;
Wisdom is in him who doesn't have strength, But justice is in him who doesn't have strength.
Why are the temples of God and idols set together? We are the temple of the living God. As God has said, I will dwell with my people, and will walk among them. I will be their God, and they will be my people.
They are better than day. They are better than day. They go down into Sheol in a moment.
I pray not for these men, but for the word of these men, that they may believe in me,
Don't lie about lying, for you have become a man and a work of your own,
Jesus, knowing it, said to them, Why do you want to rob him of this woman? She did a good work for me.
and the one wing of the cherub was five cubits, and went out to the other side of the house: and the wing of the cherub was five cubits, and the wing of the cherub was one.
But whatever it is that they do, they shall not be feared by their enemies: so shall they be destroyed and you be overcome: this victory is the work of God.
Then I said, My strength fails. Yes, I have no hope in Yahweh.
David said to him, Who are you? From where? He said to him, I am the young man of Egypt, the servant of the Amalekites; for I am sick three days; and my master has forsaken me.
The Levites shall speak with a loud voice to all Israel, saying,
He lived in Jerusalem, and built cities in the land of Judah for a stronghold.
Reuben answered them, Didn't I tell you that you should not sin against that child? But you didn't listen. Therefore the blood is poured out on us now.
Joseph's brothers, when they saw that their father was dead, said, It would be better for Joseph to hate us, than for all that we had done to him, to repay us.
When they found them, no one made them bread, and comforted them for the dead; and they died, and died, and didn't give them cups of consolation to drink.
Behold, there was before him a certain sick man.
He stood by all the army of Israel, and cried, and said to them, Why are you coming out to set the battle in array? Didn't I say, I am the Philistines? Aren't you the servants of Saul? Choose one of you, that he may come down to me.
Many years shall a man live, and many years shall a man rejoice: nevertheless let the day of darkness come, and the day of darkness shall be many; and all that shall come shall be vanity.
Son of man, how then shall this proverb be in the land of Israel, saying, There shall be no fulfillment of all visions in the time of the battle?
I will make her desolate, and she shall not be gathered, neither shall she be gleaned any more; but instead of thorns and thorns will I command the cloud not to rain on her.
He has given to us the grace of this fullness, And has wisely discerned all things;
Aaron died in Mount Hor, one hundred twenty-three years.
God said, Let the expanse that is on the sky bring forth light, that it may be for a sign, for honor, for the day, and for the year;
If a man have two wives, one of whom he loves, and one of whom he hates, he bears a son; but the firstborn is the son of the wife whom he hates.
The children of Asa the singers stood in their place, as David, and Asa, and Heman, and Jeduthun the king's seer, and the porters, kept every gate: they didn't depart from their work; for the Levites their brothers had prepared for them.
David said to the men who were with him, Smite you every man with his sword. So they struck the sword, and David struck the sword. There were about four hundred men going up with David, and there two hundred men kept the tithe.
It shall happen, when they go, that I will spread my net over them; and I will cause it to fall like the birds of the sky: and I will terrify them according to the voice of their assembly.
But Zerubbabel, Jeshua, and the heads of the fathers' houses of Israel, said to them, We will build our God's house: there is no portion in you: we will build it for Yahweh, the God of Israel, as king Cyrus the king of Persia commanded us.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
On the seventh day you shall wash your clothes, and you shall be clean: then you shall go into the camp.
Jehoiada the priest took a a ark, and struck it on the ark, and put it by the altar in the right side of the right side of the house of Yahweh: and the priests of the gate put the money in the ark of the house of Yahweh.
My face is reddish with tears. In my eyes are the shadow of death.
The priest shall offer the sin offering, and shall make atonement for him who is to be cleansed, and shall kill the burnt offering for his uncleanness.
It is better for them than for them to be given to my Father, and more than for them, that no one should take them away from his Father's hand.
The house of God was in Shiloh in those days; and the children of Dan made him the engraved image of Micah.
A very great child went out one day to his father, and to the reapers.
Jerusalem, Jerusalem, you have killed the prophets, and have stoned God to the messengers who are here; and I often desired to gather your sons and your daughters, as a woman gathered her sons and her daughters to the wings, but you would not.
Some of the Sadducees, who didn't believe that they would die, came to him.
Yahweh said to Moses, Put all the heads of the people before Yahweh on a day and night day, that the wrath of Yahweh may be kindled against Israel.
But they ridiculed the angel of God, and despised his voice, and blasphemed his prophets, until Yahweh was angry with his people, and there was no remedy.
those who were numbered of them by their families, and by their fathers' houses, were twenty-two thousand six hundred thirty.
He said to him, What is the commandment? Jesus answered him, You shall not murder, nor commit adultery, nor steal, nor testify falsely,
Jesus answered them, Didn't I choose twelve of you? One of you is the devil!
Most assuredly there are those who will die for the righteous. Perhaps there are those who will die for the good.
I will open my mouth with parables. I will utter the mysteries of ancient times,
Please let your father and your household come to me, and I will give you the good of the land of Egypt; and you shall eat the third part of the sea of the land.
They make strangers look from the least to the greatest. Their eyes don't see what they see. Seek what they see, and find what they don't find.
Jacob said to him, My lord knows that these little ones are feeble, and the herds of sheep are cubs, and that, if they cast out one day, all the flocks will die.
You shall labor in vain, because your land doesn't yield its increase, neither shall the trees of the earth yield its fruit.
Rejoice with her, and rejoice for her, you who love Jerusalem; Rejoice with her, you who mourn for her;
The elders of the congregation shall lay their hands on the head of the bull before Yahweh, and shall kill the bull before Yahweh.
Blessed shall you be all the nations, says Yahweh of Armies; for your land shall be a pleasant and pleasant land.
In the days of Jehoiakim, Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up; and Jehoiakim served him three years, and turned back from rebelliousness.
and the children of the strangers who sojourn among you, and their children who are with you, and with your household, whom you shall father in your land, you shall buy of them; and they shall be your inheritance.
Jesus commanded us to preach the Good News to all, to be justified in the judgment which God commanded to be to the living and to the dead.
and all the house of Joseph, his brothers, and his father's household, only their little ones, their flocks, and their herds, were left in the land of Goshen.
You don't know him, but I know him. If I had said that I didn't know him, then I would lie to you, but I knew him, and kept his word.
as we multiplied our love toward you, that the Lord might increase your love toward one another, and the love toward all men.
When he had escaped, he called the disciples together, and encouraged them, and as soon as he had come with them, he departed to Macedonia.
Jehoshaphat slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David: and Joram his son reigned in his place.
Yahweh was angry with the children of Israel, and sold them into the hand of the Philistines, and into the hand of the children of Ammon.
There is no woman in the camp. There is a maidservant in her mother's house.
They killed the widows and the foreigner, and killed the fatherless.
Joab the son of Zeruiah, and David's servants, went out, and found them by the pool of Gibeon; and they sat down on the one side of it, one on the one side of it, and one on the other on the other.
Some poured out gold out of the bag, and weighed silver in the balances, and made a signet of silver; and they bowed themselves down, and bowed themselves down to it.
He has strengthened all the people, both small and great, rich and poor, and free and bondservant, both on the right hand and on the head.
Then the disciples said to him, Teacher, eat.
He took Aaron's garments, and put them on Eleazar his son. Aaron died there, and went to his house.
He said to him the second time, Don't defile him who God has cleansed.
For I sigh with my groaning. I cry out like many waters.
The angel threw him into the pit, and shut him up, and raised him up with the wind, so that he could not lead the nations any more astray, until a thousand years were completed: and after this, he would have been freed for a little while.
You shall tear your heart from tearing your clothes. You are against Yahweh your God. For he is merciful, merciful, slow to anger, full of goodness, and repent of his evil.
Yahweh said to him, I have trodden wine myself; there is none with me among all the people; and I have trodden them in my anger, and trodden them in fury; and their blood is poured out on my garment, and made all my clothing to be unclean.
Hurry to come to me with all diligence.
but the son of the hated wife shall confess that he has the firstborn, and shall give all that he has to him; for this is the beginning of his strength, and the name of his firstborn is his.
Whatever she is, don't go in to defile yourself with her. Neither shall she stand with her before the animal, for it is holy.
God has not broken our love through Christ Jesus our Lord, either in heaven, or in the earth, or under the sky, or under the sky, or under the sky, or under the sky, or under the sky;
It is good to have a good and good tail. It is better to have a good heart than to have pride in your heart.
Balak did as Balaam had said. Balak and Balaam offered up a bull and a ram on every altar.
The children of Israel again did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh; and Yahweh made Eglon king of Moab to be strong against Israel, because they had done that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh.
the tent of meeting, its tents, its coverings, its clasps, its boards, its bars, its pillars, its sockets,
He went on his way, and took the book from the right hand of him who sat on the throne.
He said, You are a prophet, Christ. Tell us, who struck you?
Yahweh said to Moses, I will bring yet another evil on Pharaoh and on Egypt; and afterward he will let you go away: and when he has let you go, he will drive you out from here.
I poured out on the top of the mountain the fruit of your sins, even of your oxen which you made, and burned them with fire, and sprinkled them, and sprinkled them, like the dust: and I poured out the dust on the brook that descended from the top of the mountain.
According as I pleased him, that he might give me good water, that I might eat it, and bless you before I die.
My son, give me your heart, and your eyes love my way;
Don't speak evil among yourselves, brothers, who speak evil of the brother, or of those who prophesy evil of the brother, or of those who prophesy evil of the law; and if you prophesy law, you do not keep the law, but judge the law.
They told him, saying, We have seen this man as a deceiver to our people, and have kept him to Caesar, and have called him Christ, and reigned.
He reigned forty-one years in Jerusalem: and his name was Maacah the daughter of Absalom.
These are the words of Jeremiah the son of Hilkiah, the priest of the city of Anathoth in the land of Benjamin:
David fled, and fled to Ramah, and came to Samuel, and told him all that Saul had done to him. He went and lived with Samuel in Naioth.
There are many friends, and they will be cut off from themselves. There is one friend who is fairer than his brother.
Doesn't the workers of iniquity know that they have devoured my people as bread. They haven't called on God.
David sent messengers to the men of Jabesh Gilead, and said to them, Blessed be Yahweh be you; because you have dealt with Saul your lord with this kindness, and have buried him.
He blessed Abram, and said, Blessed be Abram, the Lord of heaven and earth, the Most High!
Their eyes love to play the prostitute. They sin, and don't cease. They deceive the unfaithful in heart. Their heart is greedy for money. They must be cursed by God.
We know therefore that God also loves us. God is love, and the love of the soul remains in him, and God remains in him.
Can you give light to the four ends of the earth, That the wicked may go out?
When he had made an end of praying, he stood up and came to the apostles, and saw them sleeping with sorrow.
The watchman said, I saw the running like Ahimaaz the son of Zadok running. The king said, He is good, and brings good news.
Now all the acts of Asa, first and last, behold, they are written in the book of the kings of Judah and Israel.
In that day, says Yahweh, Didn't I cut off from Edom the wise man, and cut off the wise man from the mountain of Esau?
In the day of my trouble, I seek the Lord. In the night, I lift up my hands, and don't cease to pray. My heart refuses to be comforted.
Yahweh has rewarded me according to my righteousness, And has rewarded me according to the cleanness of my hands.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Joshua called for the children of Reuben, and for the children of Gad, and for the half-tribe of Manasseh.
He said to the Levites, sanctify the ark of the holy covenant which you shall put in the house that Solomon the son of David king of Israel, that you shall not put on your shoulder: now therefore serve you Yahweh your God, and his people Israel.
One of them. One of them said to him, I have bought a field, and I will go and see it. Please understand.'
I will stretch out my hand on all the inhabitants of Judah and Jerusalem, and will cut off from it the remnant of Baal, and the name of Carmel, and the priest.
So shall your light come forth as the morning light, and your wound shall be healed quickly: your righteousness shall go before you; and the glory of Yahweh shall be your rearward.
Your sons and your daughters shall wander back and forth in the wilderness forty years, and shall bear your lewdness until your dead bodies be consumed in the wilderness.
When I was in the world, I was the light of the world.
Your judgment doesn't regard the work of the wicked. He despises all those who hate him.
Not that we ourselves have such things to do, but our riches are of God.
All the six hundred men of the Danites, who were armed, stood at the door.
Now there are some of the Jews who came out of Asia. If they want to accuse me, tell me that it is appropriate for them to come before you.
For the children of Israel and the Levites shall offer their grain, new wine, and oil, and bring it into the chambers of the sanctuary, to the place of the charge of the priests, and of the porters, and of the chambers of the singers. So we will not forsake the house of our God.
Those who stole the earth went in, and took the engraved images, and the ephod, and the images of the house, and the molten images. The priests and the armed men stood at the door, six hundred men.
Thus says Yahweh: Am I Yahweh beside, and not Yahweh who is far off?
Josiah was eight years old when he began to reign; and he reigned thirty-one years in Jerusalem.
My bride, your lips are like honeycombs. Your tongue is like honeycomb. Your garments are like the fragrance of Lebanon.
You shall give Pharaoh a fifth part, and a fourth part for you, and for the seed of the field; and you shall be food for the people who are in your house, and for your little ones.
Now in Shushan was a man of Judah called Mordecai, the son of Jair, the son of Shimei, the son of Kish of Benjamin.
A sword shall come on Egypt; and in the time of the fall of the slain of Egypt the Ethiopians shall have sorrow; and they shall take away all his people, and break down his foundations.
Pour out your wrath on the nations that don't know you, and on the nations that don't call on your name.
King Solomon worked with all Israel: and the work of the workmen was thirty thousand.
Don't be angry, unless there are two or three witnesses from the elders' houses.
The deep says, There is no place for me. The sea says, There is no place for me.
The fish of the river shall die, and the river shall become foul; and the Egyptians shall abhor the waters of the river.'
The Lord commanded, saying, The maiden who preaches good news does great things.
Aaron shall lay his hands on the head of the goat that lives on it, and shall confess all the wickedness of the children of Israel on it, and shall disobey, and all their iniquities; and they shall be on the head of the goat, and on the keeper of it, and shall carry them into the wilderness.
Isaac lived in the South, and he came by the way to Beer Lahai.
The priest rejoiced in his heart, and took the ephod, and the idols of the house, and the engraved images, and walked among the people.
The scribes threw down the seven heads of grain. Pharaoh awakened, and knew that they were dreaming.
Thomas, who also was called Didomus, being one of the twelve, wasn't there when Jesus came.
The word of Yahweh testifies to the fulfillment of his word.
Ezra the priest arose, and said to them, You have sinned. You have married the foreign women, and have multiplied the sins of the children of Israel.
But the children of Israel sought to be justified by the law, and they didn't obtain it.
He prospered in all that was under the hand of Joseph, and in all his dominion. For Yahweh was with Joseph, and he did all his work.
Now I have boldness, brothers, concerning the things concerning David's father, to tell you that he is dead and buried, and his grave is yet with us to this day.
Six days shall work be done; but the seventh day is a Sabbath day, a holy day to Yahweh: everyone who does the work on the Sabbath shall surely be put to death.
He shall kill the lamb of the trespass offering, and the priest shall take some of the blood of the trespass offering, and put it on the tip of the right ear of him who is to be cleansed, and on the thumb of his right hand, and on the big toe of his right foot.
I, Jesus, sent my angel to the assembly, and testified about these things to you, that I am the head of David, and his seed, and the star of the light.
Therefore he who confesses me before men, I also will confess before my Father.
Jehoshaphat said, Isn't there here a prophet of Yahweh, that we may inquire of Yahweh by him? One of the servants of the king of Israel answered, Elisha the son of Shaphat is here, who poured out water into the hand of Elijah.
It happened, when Abner was come to Hebron, that Joab brought him to the entrance of the gate of the city, and stole him secretly, and talked with him; and he was there robbers of him; and he died, because of his brother Asahel.
Be strong and of good courage, for you will possess the land for this people, whom I swore to their fathers to give them.
But Yahweh delights in his hurt, and causes him to suffer; and when his life is made a sin offering, then he shall see his seed, and shall increase in years, and the joy of Yahweh shall prosper in his hand.
Moses listened to the commandment, and lifted up his rod before Yahweh.
The woman took Joseph's garment, and stayed there until her master was returned;
His lord said to him, Well done, good and faithful servant; and behold, you are faithful in your little things, and I will set you over great things. Come in, and rejoice with me.'
They asked Baruch, Please tell us, By what means do you write all that he has spoken?
They spoke in the king's chamberlains, saying, Peace be to Darius the king.
The wind shall go where it is, and you shall hear a voice; you shall not know where it comes from, but where it shall go: so shall every man come from the Holy Spirit.
He traveled from Rameses to Bethel, and came to the city of Bethel, and to Ai; and they pitched their tents in front of him.
and have sent before you the vessels of his house, which you have sent to bring up against the Lord of heaven; and you, and your princes, and your wives, shall drink with him: and you have blessed the silver, and the gold, and the brass, and the iron, and the wood, and the stone, which you have made, you shall not see, neither shall you hear, nor know; but you have put forth your breath, and have established the covenant of Yahweh, which is before the Lord.
Therefore listen to this affliction and to the drunkenness of your soul, because of the wine.
Therefore don't let anyone bother me from now on, for I am his servant, because I bear the bruises of Jesus on my flesh.
All the commandments which I command you this day shall you do, that you may love Yahweh your God, and walk continually in his ways, and that you may set three cities for your house, besides these three cities.
In that day Achish gave him Ziklag; therefore Ziklag was king over Judah to this day.
The kings of the earth went up, and the chiefs, and the captains, and the captains of thousands, and the rich, and the mighty, and all the servants, and the free men, to hide the mountains and the steep places.
My eyes shall not spare, neither shall I have pity, but shall be avenged of you according to your ways; and your abominations shall be avenged of you: and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
His sister came and said to Pharaoh's daughter, Behold, I am come to the Hebrew woman, and I will call a nurse to you, and will I heal you?
I saw, and behold, cherubim on the top of the head, and in the expanse, like precious stones of blue, like the appearance of the image of a throne.
Let them vanish like a running water. Let their arrows fail when they shoot.
My heart is kindled within me. When I keep silent, I kindle a fire, and I speak with me.
They both appointed elders to them in the morning, and fasted and prayed, and committed them to the Lord, whom they believed.
They don't call me, Lord, Lord, all of them, to the Kingdom of Heaven, but those who do the will of my Father come in.
Thus says Yahweh to me, Go, stand in the gate of all the people, in which the kings of Judah came in, and out of there, and stand at the gates of Jerusalem;
silver was beaten in pieces, and gold was brought from Tarshish: the work of the hands of the builders and of the craftsmen, and the work of bluesmiths, all of them skillful men.
Now, behold, we have heard from the Son of God, and are prophesying these things to you. God is light, and in him there is no darkness.
Listen to the wisdom of men, And receive my knowledge with all your heart's mind.
Let it be said to me, Ho, woe to you! for the man is disappointed and perished!
For everyone who desires to enter into Christ Jesus through godliness will be persecuted.
David took one thousand and seven hundred horsemen, and twenty thousand footmen: and David hamstrung his feet, and left only one hundred chariot horses.
The children of Israel said to Moses, Behold, we are dead, and we are perished, and are perished.
Zedekiah the king sent Pashhur the son of Malchijah, and Zephaniah the son of Maaseiah, the priest, to Jeremiah, saying,
It happened after this, that David struck the Philistines, and subdued them, and took Gath and his incense out of the hand of the Philistines.
For he says this, not because he cares for the poor, but because he is a thief, and often robs his ruler.
The men of Israel and the men of Judah arose, and shouted, and pursued after the Philistines to the entrance of the city of Kaali and Ekron; and the Philistines fell by the way of Shaalim to Gath and Ekron.
He also sealed us for a sign, And gave us the Holy Spirit for a collateral in our hearts.
Now Ezra the scribe stood on the wood which he had prepared for them: and Mattathaiah, Shemma, Anaea, Uriah, Hilkiah, and Maaseiah stood by him on the right side of it: and Pedaiah, Mishael, Malchijah, Hashim, Hasbadana, Zechariah, and Meshullam stood on his left hand.
When a man lies on his bed, and lies down in a deep sleep, in a dream, and in a vision of the night,
one golden ladle of ten shekels, full of incense;
You shall make shields of faith without ceasing. You shall break the arrows of evil fire.
Declare what I tell you in secret in the light, And tell you in the ears. Declare what they tell you in the last days.
When I sing of you, my lips will shout for joy, My soul that you have redeemed.
If there is any salvation among you, let one bear with another, that you may be forgiven; even as the Lord forgave you, that you also be forgiven.
The joy of the hunters is gone. All the joy of the bridegroom is ceased. The joy of the harp is gone.
I have made your city horns of rubies, I have made your gates of rubies, I have made your walls of rubies, I have made your walls of rubies round about.
and for Aaron's sons, the priests who were outside of their city in the field, who were mentioned by name in every city, to set apart their portion, to give to the males of the priests, and to all the Levites who were of the fathers' houses.
You also, as we commanded you, shall make a covenant between one another and one another, that you may play the prostitute after your own will,
On the day of our king's feast the princes are sick for the wine. He has hands with the mockers.
They increased in strength, and came everyone to God to Zion.
He who loves death hates the perfect man; But he who is upright keeps his life.
Therefore my harp is turned into an abyss. My brow is turned into a cry of weeping.
The apostles and the brothers who lived in Judea heard that the Gentiles also received the word of God.
Samuel anointed him with the oil that was in the horn, and the Spirit of Yahweh came mightily on David that day. Samuel departed, and went to Ramah.
If you shall keep the statutes of this law, which you have written by the word of Yahweh your God, and shall return with all your heart and with all your soul to Yahweh your God;
But our God is in heaven, doing all that he desires.
In the days of Josiah, Pharaoh Necoh king of Egypt went to Euphrates, and fought against the king of Assyria: and Josiah went against him, and found Josiah in Megiddo.
Yahweh, you are my lamp, and Yahweh will shine in my darkness.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Our fathers refused to listen to him; but they rejected him, and sought to return to Egypt.
Now, O king, please accept my exhortation, and execute righteousness, and break your iniquity, and have mercy on the poor, and put away your disobedience; that your peace may prolong.
and he broke the last branches of it, and brought them to the market, and set them in the city of the horsemen.
In the first year of Cyrus the king of Cyrus made a decree concerning the house of God which is at Jerusalem, saying, Build the house, that it may be a place of sacrifice, and lay the foundation of it for its strength, and the height of it sixty cubits, and the breadth of it sixty cubits;
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: If the prince gives an inheritance to his son, he shall be his inheritance to his sons, and they inherit it.
The Kingdom of Heaven is like a parable under the sky. The eleven virgins go out with their lamps to meet the bridegroom.
Thus will I break down the walls of your waters, and break them down even to the earth; so shall the walls be broken down, and you shall perish in the midst of them; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
It happened on the eighth day, that Abraham circumcised his son, as God commanded him.
He restored to his mother the silver, and his mother said, I have given this money from my hand to Yahweh for my son, to raise up a voice and a voice to you. I delivered it again to you.
or the image of the birds of the sky, or the image of the creeping things that creep on the earth, or the image of the fish that creep on the ground.
Only the tribe of Levi shall not you number, neither shall you number them among the children of Israel.
As it is written, God has made their heart to be hidden, and their eyes fail, and their ears fail, until this day.
Listen to me, house of Jacob, to all the remnant of the house of Israel: You were born to me, and brought forth out of the womb to me.
Son of man, set your face toward the mountains of Israel, and prophesy to them,
The woman travails with her child, and she is grieved; for her period is come on her; and when she is delivered, she forgets the anguish of her child; for she will rejoice over the child who is born in the world.
All the people will hear, and fear. They will do no more hard work.
The seven angels, one of them, spoke to me, saying, Come, and I will show you the great adulteress, who was born in the great place, who was to be judged by the great city.
But as for the Jews, it was not appropriate for me to write to Caesar that I should accuse myself of my own country.
Have mercy on me, Yahweh, That I may lift myself up again, That I may avenge them.
Then the princes brought the scroll to the king in the chamber of Elishama the scribe, and told it to the king.
Pharaoh said, Tomorrow. Moses said, Let it be according to your word, that you may know that there is none like God our God.
But the king of the children of Ammon would not listen to Jephthah, who sent him words.
When Jesus came into Jerusalem, and entered into the temple, he looked around at a troop. For the sky was dark, and Jesus went out with the twelve, and came to Bethany.
Jotham slept with his fathers, and was buried in the city of David: and Ahaz his son reigned in his place.
When he came to the threshing floor of Kedom, (for the oxen stumbled), he put forth his hand to the ark.
All our adversaries have opened their mouth wide toward us.
Blessed is he who cares for the needy. Yahweh will save him in the day of trouble.
There is nakedness among you who uncovers the nakedness of her father, and in the midst of you she who is a defiled woman in the month of dishonor.
But now he who believes in me won't die forever. Do you believe?
It happened, when they had come down, that the children of Israel prayed, and said, Yahweh, you are Yahweh, who made the heavens and the heavens, and all the army of the sky, and all the earth, and all the things that are on the earth, and all the sea, and all the things that are on the sea, all this is your treasure. The children of heaven worshiped you.
and he sacrificed to his dream, and burned incense to his great dream; for they possessed the fat and the beautiful portion of his bread, and the food of his lovers.
But you, brothers, don't pass away in darkness, that day will not come to you as a thief suddenly.
On his bed he hears words that can't be spoken, things that man shall not speak.
It may be that they will listen, every man will turn from his evil way, and I will repent of the evil that they do, and will repent of the evil that they do.
If you are of this world, then the world will love you as your own; but because you are not of this world, I have chosen you out of the world, therefore the world will hate you.
Don't be like them, for the Father knows your need before you ask.
God came to Balaam, and said to him, Who are these who are with you?
But if the prince's heart is against you, don't depart from your place; for the gentleness of your soul shall not be great disobedience.
He rebuked the sea, and dried it up; and they didn't waters. Bashan and Carmel fell, and the lies of Lebanon were destroyed.
You shall not go in to him who is a drunkard, or a covetous man; you shall not go in to him.
So the king of Israel and the king of Judah and the king of Edom went, and went seven days' journey, and didn't drink of the army, nor of the livestock that were with them.
But when the bridegroom had grown angry, all the virgins were asleep.
Yahweh said, Who shall entice Ahab, that he may go up to Ramoth Gilead, and die there? Thus says Yahweh.
The sons of Gershon, who were numbered of them, by their families, by their fathers' houses,
He who loves redemption and deceit brings shame on himself, But he who rebukes the wicked brings shame on himself.
Remember, you have become as an astonishment to me. Have you brought me again to the dust?
The Spirit entered into me, and set me up. He talked with me, and said to me, Go, shut yourself in the house.
The children of Israel did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh, and forgot Yahweh their God, to minister to the Baals and to the Ashtaroth.
For many could not bear the pinnacle of Jesus, and they broke in pieces on the roof of Jesus, that they might lay down the paralytic.
By the ordinances of the Good News they see, because you received them, and they refused; therefore they became enemies of God; and they looked out of the chosen ordinances, because God spoke to their fathers, and they became lovers of God.
As for the earth, the bread went out from there. Its appearance was kindled like fire, and it was kindled.
Though sin is sweet in her mouth, Though she lay it on her tongue,
He says among the nations, Yahweh reigns! The world is strong, and can't be moved. He will execute justice on all peoples.
I will set the bow of Judah on my hand, and the arrows of Ephraim on my bow; and I will stir up your people against the people of Javan, Zion, and I will make you like the sword of mighty men.
Moreover you shall command our own men, that they be wise to do good, to sustain those who are needy, that they not bear no fruit.
It shall be, if you shall diligently keep all the commandments which I command you, and do them, to love Yahweh your God, and to walk in all his ways, and to cleave to him;
one male goat for a sin offering;
You will bless the righteous, Yahweh. You will surround him around him with the shield of grace.
Of the tribe of Zebulun twelve thousand, Of the tribe of Joseph twelve thousand, Of the tribe of Benjamin twelve thousand.
Now when we had waited many days, and were already past because of the fast, Paul began to accuse us,
In the garden of Jezreel the dogs shall eat Jezebel, and none shall bury her. The young men opened the door, and fled.
You shall reckon to yourself seven days; and from the beginning you shall reckon to your grain seven days.
He said, Yahweh has sworn, and Yahweh will fight against Amalek forever.
Is there a man who has said to God, I am punished, and will no more sin?'
The wall of the city was built with rebuke; and the city itself was built with thousands and like fine gold of glass.
There will be some who will dwell therein, who will no more curse. Jerusalem will peaceably.
When Jesus heard that John was taken into custody, he fled from Galilee,
It shall be a statute forever to them, and he who sprinkles the water that is polluted shall wash his clothes; and whoever touches the water that is defiled shall be unclean until the evening.
It is the day appointed by Yahweh: let us rejoice in it.
Judah went, and Yahweh delivered the Canaanites and the Perizzites into their hand.
He said to another, Follow me. He answered, Lord, let me go and bury my father.
I will be condemned. How shall I labor without cause?
Obey Yahweh your God, and fear him, and keep his commandments, and hear his words, and serve him, and remain in him.
Look at Zion, and let us keep the city of holy feasts; and your eyes shall see Jerusalem as a house of quietness, and as a tent of unshrunkness; and the vessels of it shall not be plucked forth from off the surface of it, nor the cords of it.
He said, If Esau comes against this company, then the other company will flee.
where you shall remember your ways and your doings, which you have defiled yourselves by these; and you shall abhor yourself because of all your wickedness which you have done.
It shall be, when you redeem your lives, that the rich man shall not go out many, neither shall the poor man go out few; every man shall go out half a shekel.
He built there an altar, and called the name of it El Elohe Israel.
Saul's servants returned answer, and said, This is what David says.
For I am with you to deliver you, and to destroy all the nations where I have driven you; but I will not utterly destroy you, says Yahweh, but I will reprove you according to your manner.
and they loved to sit in the high places of the feast, and to sit in the high places of the synagogue,
So the people went out, and took away the camp of the Syrians; and they took a little fine flour for a shekel of silver, and two measures of barley for a shekel of silver, as Yahweh had spoken.
For the house of Israel and the house of Judah dealt very treacherously against me, says Yahweh.
Cursed be he who lies with him. All the people shall say, Amen.
It shall be, when you have accomplished these days, that you shall stand on your right hand, and bear the iniquity of the house of Judah, forty days shall I do for you, and one year shall it be.
Now I don't need to write in the cup, brothers, about the coming of the Lord, and about the time of the coming of the Lord.
The inhabitants of the city shall go to the city, saying, Let us hurry to seek the favor of Yahweh, that we may seek Yahweh of Armies; and if it be me, I will go also.
He has humbled you, he has fed you with hunger, he has nourished you with that which you didn't know, and your fathers have not nourished you with manna, that you may know that no man trusts in bread only, but that he lives by all the words of Yahweh's mouth.
Thus you call, and I answer; Or else I will say, Answer me.
He built the cloud into heaven, and prepared the rain for the earth, and made the mountains to spring up.
Solomon answered him as he had asked, and there was nothing in Solomon that he might not know.
By the help of the Holy Spirit you also will be built together to be the dwelling place of God.
Thus shall Yahweh command you to do, as you have done this day, to make atonement for you.
For I know that he who redeems me is a living God. He will stand on the earth in the latter days.
But the wives, and the wives, and the wives of the men, let them save you alive for yourselves.
Watch, for you don't know what day your Lord will come.
For all hidden things will be uncovered, and all secret things will be revealed in the day to come.
This shall be the border from Abmon to the brook of Egypt; and the goings out of it shall be at the sea.
When he saw it, he saw bread stirring on the coals of fire, and a water chamber beside his head; and he ate, and drank, and fell on it.
Sing to yourself, you who don't conceive, and don't conceive, neither have you passed through travail, but have lifted up your voice with singing, and have lifted up your voice with joy; for the woman who dwells in her is more than the offspring of her husband, says Yahweh.
Go up to the wood of the mountain, and build this house, and I will rejoice in it, and will be glorified, says Yahweh.
You shall lend him no money to take interest from him, Neither shall you lend him bread to take any more.
Jeroboam said in his heart, This kingdom shall be for the house of David:
I will not take the bull out of your herds, Neither will I take the goat out of your flocks.
For you have forgotten Yahweh your Savior, and have forgotten the rock of your strength: therefore know you the tree of your heart, and the seed that is not.
The men came and told his lord, saying, Lord, aren't you a good seed in your field, or a darnel from where?'
When the day had come, he went to a deserted place. When the multitude came to him, he found him, and saved him. Don't let him go from them.
Sing to Yahweh, and praise his name! Declare his salvation day by day!
The glory of his forest and of his fruitful field will devour him from the spirit even to the flesh, And the earth will fade away like a sick man.
The king of the scribes, and his princes' letters, went through the land of Israel and Judah, and spoke according to the king's commandment, and said, Israel, return to the remnant of Abraham, to Isaac, and to Yahweh, the God of Israel; and he will return to you out of the hand of the kings of Assyria.
Hurry, and pass like ships, And fly like an eagle, and fly after six things.
Esther's maidens and her chamberlains came and told him, and said, The queen's robes were filled with sorrow, and she has sent garments to Mordecai to clothe herself, that he might not be clothed with sackcloth.
I purpose to tell you, Tell the people who sit before me and before the elders of my people; and if you will redeem them, tell me; and if you will not, let me know; for there is none else besides you to redeem them; and I am the second. He said, I will redeem them.
Every man had blue, and purple, scarlet, and fine linen, and goats' hair, and rams' skins dyed red, and the sea cow hides their skins.
Yahweh did according to the word of Moses; and all who were in the house, in the court, and in the field died.
So all Israel departed from David, and went after Sheba the son of Bichri: but the Jews were with him from the Jordan even to Jerusalem.
It happened, when the kings of Hadarezer saw that they were put to the worse before Israel, that they came to them in peace with Israel. The Syrians were afraid to help the children of Ammon any more.
David commanded that there should be gathered to the strangers who lived in the land of Israel, and that the builders who had stoned the land should build the house of Yahweh.
Ishmael the son of Nethaniah and the people who were with him escaped out of the hand of Johanan, and fled to the children of Ammon.
One of the young men ran and said to Moses, The words of Irdad and Medad, the prophets, in the camp.
A way is right in a man, But death leads to death.
But concerning man, he has no need for man to testify to him, for he is a very perplexed man.
You shall not eat any of the blood of the bird, or of the wild animal, in all your habitations.
David went again, and struck Moab, and made them fall on the earth, and measured it with cords, and measured the length of the two ropes, so that he died: and he measured all the length of the ropes, that he might live: and the Moabites became subject to David to tribute.
Ask a sign from Yahweh your God, that you may ask from him on the surface of the deep, or on the height of the height of the heights of the sky.
Turn us again to you, Yahweh, and we will return. Renew our days like this.
Flee, you children of Benjamin, out of Jerusalem, and blow the trumpets at Tekoa, and let it go in the fire at Beth Haccherem; for evil and great destruction have come down from the north.
Some of them have gone astray, they have gone astray, they have gone astray, they have gone astray, they will swallow up the poor and needy men of the earth.
Then the king shall tell those who are on the left hand, Depart from me, you who are cursed, and enter into the eternal fire that is prepared for the devil and his angel.
For we are not as many as have spoken evil in the sight of God, but as one who is true, sent by God, prophesied in Christ.
We will cut down trees out of Lebanon, according to all that you have need; and we will gather fields to Joppa in the sea, and you shall carry them to Jerusalem.
Then Daniel said, I saw a vision in the night; and behold, the four quarters of the sky went up, and the wind went up on the great sea.
An arrogant man can't make it straight, Neither can he who is without understanding be counted right.
He rose up, and broke down his hedge like a field, and he destroyed the place where he was gathered together: and the appointed feasts and the Sabbaths were forgotten in Zion: so Yahweh made him, and despised the king and the priests in his anger.
Then he looked, and behold, one of those who sat round about him, and said, You are my mother and my brothers.
When Yahweh was angry with Aaron, to destroy him, I prayed for Aaron at the same time.
For this confidence I set before you, that you may be blessed again and again.
They didn't understand the saying, for they had hidden it from them, that they might not understand. They didn't ask him what this saying was.
It happened on the third day after the children of Israel were come out of the land of Egypt, that they came into the wilderness of Sinai.
Remember what happened to the wife of Lot.
Nathan went and told David according to these words.
For each of you may be free to speak the word of God, that you may learn it together, and that you may be persuaded one by another.
They shall teach Jacob your law, and teach Israel your law; and they shall put incense before you, and all the burnt offerings upon your altar.
and after the children of Israel went they into the midst of the land, and struck two men, both of them robbers of the children of Israel, and of the woman. So the plague was stayed in the midst of the children of Israel.
The queen gave to the king one hundred twenty talents of gold, and abundance of spices, and precious stones; and there was none like the king of Shibah, whom she sent to king Solomon.
Moses and Aaron went in, and said to Pharaoh, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, Let my people go, that they may keep a feast in the wilderness.
Sanctify to Yahweh your God all that are of the herds, and the flocks, and the firstborn of the flock; and don't let the firstborn of the herd give birth to him. Don't let the firstborn of the flock have his gates.
Therefore don't be burdensome to eat and to keep a feast, neither to send a Sabbath, nor to cause it to be judged.
You have killed many in this city, and filled the street with the dead bodies.
She said to him, Not so; for you have driven me out against me, and have dealt worse with me than you. But Amnon would not listen to him.
then hear you in heaven, and do to him; judge your servants, and execute the iniquity of the wicked, and render to him the recompense of his own head; and justify the righteous, according to his righteousness.
Yahweh commanded me to tell them this: Isn't man made to stumble, and come again? Hasn't man turned back, and ran?
He led them through the desert, and they didn't thirst. He caused the waters to flow out of the rock. The rock opened, and the waters came out. Yahweh said, The wicked shall not have peace.
Therefore thus says Yahweh, You shall not go down again into your bed where you go up, but you shall surely die. He went his way.
Then Hanani the seer came to Asa king of Judah, and said to him, Because you have trusted in king Syria, and have not trusted in Yahweh your God, therefore the army of the king of Syria is escaped out of your hand.
Don't let him who is tempted say, I am drawn away by God; for he will not be tempted by evil, neither will he be led away by evil.
Let an evil man rule over him. Set an adversary at his right hand.
In the twelfth year of Joram the son of Ahab king of Israel began Ahaziah the son of Joram king of Judah to reign.
Asa did that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh his God, and did that which was right in the eyes of him;
God's wisdom is exceedingly deep. It is exceedingly deep. His justice is hardened. His ways are hardened.
Then Eliashib the high priest, and the priests who were with him, arose, and built the sheep gate, and sanctified it: and he set up the gate of it, even to the wine gate of Hameah; and it was kept holy to the wine gate of Hananel.
He made the hook of one thousand seven hundred seventy-five shekels of silver, and overlaid the capitals, and made its fillets.
Don't forsake your anointed King, David's sake.
For I was not under the law, neither did I live, until a commandment came down, and sin came up, and I died.
The king, and the people who were with him, came to Jerusalem against the Jebusites who lived in the land: and they said to David, Unless you put away the blind and the lame, you shall not come into this place: for they thought, David shall not come in here.
From the first day even to the last, Ezra read the law of Yahweh continually. All the people kept a feast seven days: and on the eighth day there was a solemn assembly, according to the ordinance.
Behold, I will do a new thing. Don't you know that I will open the way in the wilderness, and will open the rivers in the desert?
Turn away my eyes from seeing falsehood. Let me walk in your ways.
and those who were called of you by God, to Jesus Christ.
For when the Canaanites, and all the inhabitants of this land, heard of it, they shall besiege us, and shall take away our name from the earth: then what good will you do for your name?
You have kept the covenant, which you promised to your servant David my father. Your mouth spoke with your hand to establish it, just as it is this day.
Know that Yahweh is God. We are his Maker, and we are his. We are his people, and he is the sheep of his pasture.
There was no water for the congregation to drink; and they gathered themselves together against Moses and against Aaron.
For the weakness of the flesh is not according to the law, but God works. He has made his Son to take away the fruit of sin from sin, and the fruit of death, and to make his flesh to sin, and to put away sin from us.
When will you prepare your speech? Consider it, and afterward we will speak.
Rise up, God, and judge the world, For you shall be a heritage to all nations.
I will strike the Assyrians in my land, And tread them down on my mountain. His yoke will depart from my people. His burden will depart from the shoulder of my people.
The unclean spirit is removed from him, and he will seek out a rest in the land where there is no water, but he won't find it.
The lord of the vineyard shall come, and destroy them, and give another man his vineyard. When they heard these things, they said, Don't do so.
My son, listen to the teaching of your father. Don't forsake your mother's teaching.
It happened, when Jacob returned from Paddan Aram, that he came in peace to Shechem, which is in the land of Canaan, and pitched his tents before the city.
Menahem slept with his fathers; and Pekahiah his son reigned in his place.
Some of the scribes and Pharisees were watching, and seeing that he had healed or not on the Sabbath, they sought vanity for him.
But this is the righteousness of your law, and of your understanding. I don't desire to do any such thing.
After the death of Joash the son of Jehoahaz king of Israel, Amaziah the son of Joash king of Judah lived fifteen years.
The children of Israel sent abroad to the tribe of Benjamin, saying, What evil is this that you have done among you?
Jesus said to them, Father, forgive them, for they didn't know what they were doing. They cast lots for Jesus' clothing.
My mouth is filled with detestable things. My pasture is abhorred by the nakedness of my city.
The children of Israel traveled by their ways from the wilderness of Sinai, and the cloud stood in the wilderness of Paran.
Blessed are your men! Blessed are your servants. They stand before you continually, and listen to your wisdom.
But because our fathers provoked the anger of Yahweh of heaven, he delivered them into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, to the Chaldeans; and the king broke down the house, and carried the people captive to Babylon.
Behold, the days are come, and the calamity is gone, and the rods are opened, and the pride has grown old.
Cry about him, and he is taken away; his fortress is fallen; and the wall is broken down: for it is the avenger of Yahweh: look to him, and take vengeance for him, and do to him as he does to him.
The archers shot at him; and the king said to his servants, Take me away; for I am severely wounded.
I will not do the good that I desire, but the evil that I don't desire.
I am Yahweh your God. I brought you out of the land of Egypt. Open your mouth with a loud voice, and I will satisfy you.
When he had said this, he spat at them, and said, You received the Holy Spirit.
Saul and all the people who were with him gathered themselves together, and came to the captain of the army, and found every man of the Philistines slain with his sword, and very perplexed.
The poor seek after their own pleasures, And for all wisdom.
Listen to the wisdom in your ears, When you receive instruction with all your heart and with all your soul.
He taught them many things in parables, and he taught them, saying,
Beware of everyone his neighbor, and don't trust in his brother; for all his brother's brother is full of falsehood, and his neighbor walks about against him.
I am a foreigner who lives as a foreigner on the earth. Don't hide your commandments from me.
Yahweh's redeemed will return, And they will sing to Zion. They will be crowned with everlasting joy. They will rejoice and be glad. All their groaning will flee away.
The sixth angel poured out the bowl into the river Euphrates, and immediately the river dried up, and made ready a way for all the kings who came from the east.
I will see with my eyes, And hear with my ears the prayer which is offered in this place.
I have come to you in the sanctuary, To see your power and your glory.
When I had given the horses to Baruch the son of Neriah, I prayed to Yahweh, saying,
You have multiplied the people, Yahweh, and magnified the kingdom. You have obtained your glory, and have spread abroad the border of the land round about.
Then Jesus said to him, I thank you, Lord of heaven and earth, Father, for you have covered up those things from the wise and wise, and have revealed them to the little children.
Jesus answered them, Because I tell you, did I see you under a fig tree, and you believe me? You will see greater things than these.
David said to Jonathan, Tomorrow is the new moon. I ought to sit with the king. Please let me hide myself in the field until the third day.
So they sat with him on the ground seven days and seven nights, and didn't speak to him any more, because they saw his affliction.
They shall set apart their feasts, and their tents, and their food, and their drink offerings. Arise, you children, and anoint your shields with oil.
No one puts a piece of unshrunk cloth into his clothes, but the piece will be embroidered and torn, and will become worse.
The king spoke to Jeremiah the word that Baruch had spoken, saying, It came to pass after that which Jeremiah had spoken, that the word of Yahweh came to Jeremiah, saying,
Don't wait for me, Yahweh, for your loving kindness. Let your loving kindness and your faithfulness always keep me.
My brothers are like a brook, Like a brook that passes over a brook, Like a brook;
If they aren't sent, why are they prophesying? For as it is written, He who prophesies the Good News, their steps are beautiful.
For Yahweh will visit all the days of his life. He will do so to you, as you have done. Your deeds will be on your head.
Jesus spoke to them in parables, saying, A farmer went out to sow, and while he sow, and some fell asleep by the road, and they were trodden by the way, and the birds of the sky filled them with food.
You are good, and your works are good. Teach me your statutes.
He overlaid the tent on the tabernacle, and covered it above it, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
Shall the God of hearing not hear? Shall the God of eyes not see?
Jesus therefore took the book, and raised it up, and restored the synagogue to its deed, and sat down. All the people who were in the synagogue stared at him.
The Philistines stood on this mountain; and the children of Israel stood on that mountain, and there were valleys in the midst of it.
What shall we do for our sister, seeing we have a little sister, who is not of old, but of old?
He said to me, Son of man, arise, and go to the house of Israel, and speak to them in my speech.
They brought me a tax collector to him, and they gave him a tax collector to look at him.
He took from there the precious things of the house of Yahweh, and the treasures of the king's house; and he broke all the gold that was in the house of Yahweh, which Solomon king of Israel had made, according to the word of Yahweh.
You have made my familiar friend far from me, That they should abhor me. I am shut up, that I can't go out.
and for the flesh, and for the flesh, and for the spices, and for the spices, and for the frankincense, and for the wine, and for the oil, and for the fine flour, and for the oxen, and for the horses, and for the chariots, and for the servants, and for the souls of the people.
even one day they themselves will also be freed from corruptible things, and will be freed from the abundance of the glory of their children and of their children.
Zedekiah the king swore to Jeremiah secretly, saying, As Yahweh lives who created us, surely I will not kill you, nor deliver you into the hand of those who seek your life.
Yahweh said to Moses, How long will you not keep my commandment and my law?
The wilderness and the dry land shall be pleasant, And the desert shall rejoice, As the flower grows.
It happened, when I was glorified in Pharaoh, and in his chariots, and in his horsemen, that the Egyptians knew that I am Yahweh.
I tell you, before the Kingdom of God came, I will no longer eat of it any more.
As it is written in the book of the sky, The mountains and the islands are shaken from their place.
You shall make the tent of the tent of meeting for the eleven curtains of the gate of the goats' house.
He looked down at his throne, And saw all the inhabitants of his land.
Your children shall return quickly, and they shall destroy you, and your desolations shall depart from you.
For I have said, Your loving kindness endures forever. Your faithfulness will be established in heaven.
Yahweh said to Moses, Joshua the son of Nun, in his heart is the Holy Spirit: bring him in, and lay your hand on him;
Whoever rises up from Egypt twenty years old and upward shall not see the land which I swore to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, because they have not wholly followed me.
They said, Let us have a king over us, who will judge all of us. Samuel was displeased, and Samuel prayed to Yahweh.
The Spirit lifted me up, and led me to the captivity of the Chaldeans in the Spirit of God; and the vision which I saw went up from me.
He ate in the Levite's house, and ate with many tax collectors and sinners, and ate with his disciples; for many were following him.
So that men don't walk naked and naked. The appetite of the belly is sore.
Jephthah said to them, I have come with my people, and with the children of Ammon with a great counsel; but I beg you, that you don't deliver me out of their hand.
I have prepared ten thousand talents of gold for the house of Yahweh, and one hundred thousand talents of silver, brass and iron; for it is too many; and I have prepared timber and stones; and you shall increase them.
Arise, go! This is not your resting place; for the land is destroyed with uncleanness, and its ruin is grievous.
Jesus answered them, If God doesn't give you authority, you have no right to do me. Therefore delivered me up to you, and his sin was greater.
He took two turtledoves by strength, two young pigeons, one for a sin offering, and one for a burnt offering.
He came to him, and heard Paul's word, and he took hold of him, and looked, and saw that he had faith to do well.
though these three men were among them, as I live, says the Lord Yahweh, they shall not save their children, but only their souls.
Yahweh said to me, Don't be afraid of him; for I have delivered him into your hand, and all his people, and all his land; and do to them as to Sihon king of the Amorites, who dwell in Heshbon.
Again, he appeared to the five hundred brothers, but those who were left died, and those who were left of the abominations were alive.
But if the priest comes and buys, he shall buy of the money, and he shall eat of the holy things; and he shall eat of the bread that is born in his house.
Therefore wisdom leads you in the way of the righteous, And keeps the way of the righteous.
Until the third day, hurried, and you shall go down to the place which was before you, where you shall meet, and wait for it at the rock of Isaac.
The widow's wife, or the wife's vow which she has vowed, and her bonds with her, shall be established in her.
Let them judge the people in due season, that they may bring them to you, and that they may judge themselves; and you shall be swifter, and they may bear with you.
But when Apollos had determined to go into Achaia, the brothers of Ephesus encouraged him, and wrote to Achaia's disciples, and they received him. When he had come there, those who trusted in the grace of God believed in the Lord, and were greatly helped.
Yahweh prepared a great fish to devour Jonah; and Jonah was three days and three nights in the belly of his donkey.
Because he loved your fathers, he chose their children, and brought you forth out of Egypt with great power;
He said to them, Don't carry the dew, but a rod; don't carry the bread; don't carry the land; don't put the money in the belt;
Samson and his father and his mother went down to Timnah, and came to the vineyard of Timnah; and behold, a young lion came and wept at him.
He said, Two men enter into the temple to pray, one is a Pharisee, a tax collector.
If a man's skin is skinned, it is yellow, or if it is bright, and has turned into a plague of leprosy in his skin, then he shall be brought to Aaron the priest, or to the priest who is before his seed.
and he said to him, Hurry, and tell the young man, Jerusalem shall be inhabited as the incense of a wallless city, because of the multitude of the men who are in it, and of the livestock.
one golden ladle of ten shekels, full of incense;
The vision of the queen of Judah. The Lord Yahweh said concerning Edom, We have heard news from Yahweh, and ambassadors have sent to the nations, saying, Arise, and let us rise up to fight against her.
As soon as I saw him, I fell with the dead in his feet. He laid his right hand on me, saying, Don't be afraid. I am the first, and I am the last.
Jacob tore his clothes, and put sackcloth on his waist, and mourned many days for his son.
But the children of Manasseh were not able to drive out the inhabitants of the cities; and the Canaanites determined to dwell in the land.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
The Lord always gives you rest with all things of his peace. Let the Lord be with you all.
Go to my father's house, and there my relatives, and take a wife for my sons.'
What will I do, when God arises? What will I answer when he enters into judgment?
When the Lord saw it, he begged him, saying, Don't weep.
Some said, We have taken the field and the vineyard, and have taken the money, and have paid the king's money.
It happened in the evening, that he came with the twelve apostles.
So they went up to the mountain, and stayed there three days, until those who pursued after them returned: and the pursuers sought after them, but they didn't seek them.
It happened, when the evening came to the morning, that the cloud covered it, and the morning, and the cloud returned, and they departed; and the cloud returned in the night, and they departed.
Naaman's anger was kindled, and he crouched, and said, I suppose that he will surely come out to me, and will stand and call on the name of Yahweh his God, and will waver his hands in the place where he lay, and will heal the leprosy.
Do you think that I came to give peace to the earth? I tell you, it is not, it is, it is.
Rejoice in this, though you are in various trials, and are in bitterness for a while.
As it is written concerning you, We are all fallen away all day long. We are counted sheep for slaughter.
The righteous shall inherit the land of promise, and dwell therein forever.
Keep me from their snare, From the snare of my snares, From the snare of the wicked.
You shall set the Levites before Aaron and before his sons, and you shall offer them for a wave offering to Yahweh.
Therefore the book of the war of Yahweh says, Uhabbek of Sophat, and the valleys of the Arnon,
Rejoice with those who rejoice, And mourn with those who mourn.
Again, why do we trouble ourselves, when we rise up?
God spoke to Noah and to his sons, saying,
You shall persecute the Midianites, and strike them.
I will offer to you, God, my vow which I have vowed to you with a sacrifice of peace offerings.
The elders of Gilead answered Jephthah, Yahweh is witness between us, and we will do according to your word.
He overthrew his throne, And spread a cloud over it.
They asked her, Where is Sarah's wife? She said, In the tent.
If your people Israel, who have sinned against you, be struck before their enemies, and they return to you, and acknowledge your name, and pray in this house, and supplication you,
Blessed is he who does all things, and obeys the law of Yahweh.
You shall not have pity on him in your eyes, but shall put away innocent blood from Israel, that you may be blessed.
This is what Jesus said about Judas the son of Simon, a man of Kerioth, who betrayed him, being one of the twelve.
Moses went down to the people from the mountain, and sanctified them, and they washed their clothes.
For the Scripture says, Abraham believes in God. Therefore God counts him as righteous.
I will keep my loving kindness forever for him. I will not change my covenant with him.
They provoked him to jealousy with other gods, And provoked him to anger with an abomination.
If we have this day been examined for the good of this lame man,
When you have obeyed it, we will come to punish those who are disobedient.
Lest you make a covenant with the inhabitants of the land, and they play the prostitute after their gods, and sacrifice to their gods; and they call to you, and you eat his offering;
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: Go, and serve every man his idol; but afterward you shall hear my words, and shall profane my holy name with an offering and an idol.
I will enrich Zion with bread, And I will give her food to the needy to eat.
Some of the officers who were in Asia were Paul's friends, and they sent that Paul should not be moved into the land.
The priest shall take some of the oil, and put it into his own hand, and put it in his own heart.
The beast that I saw was like a leopard, and his feet like a bear's feet, and his mouth like a lion's mouth; and the dragon gave him his strength, and the throne, and great authority.
Now Jeremiah had not returned; but the captain of the guard said to him, Return to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam, the son of Shaphan; and let the king of Babylon appoint him over the cities of Judah; and go you, and dwell with him in the midst of the people, where you think it right: and he sent Jeremiah bread and offering.
The eagle doesn't know it, Neither does the eye of the young man see it.
The fugitives and the wise men of Gebal are in the midst of you as a guard: all the ships of the sea, and all their mariners, are in the midst of you.
and the burnt offering, to give them to Yahweh according to the divisions of the people, as it is written in the book of Moses; and the oxen likewise.
According to his strength shall he offer one of the turtledoves, or one of the young pigeons, as he shall offer them;
They worshiped me in vain, because they taught men in their lusts.
Moreover I will deal with you, as I have thought I would do to them.
You shall love your neighbor as yourself have the law of the Kingdom of God, if you observe that which is written.
For while we rebelled against God, he has put our own Son to death, that we may again be reconciled to him, having now been reconciled to him, and having been saved by the living in Christ.
Therefore his father and his mother said, Behold, he has grown up. Come, inquire of him.
But when I saw Mordecai the Jew sitting at the king's gate, I knew that it was wrong with me.
So Joab gave David the number of all the people whom he had numbered; and the children of Israel took one hundred thousand swords: and the children of Judah drew forty thousand swords.
Yahweh our God made a covenant with us in Horeb.
When Yahweh rose up to shake the earth, they entered into the rock, and entered into the dust, and fled from the terror of Yahweh, and from the glory of his majesty.
The nursing child, whose tongue is dry, is wet on the roof. The child loaves, and there is no one to give him.
The children of Israel pursued after the Philistines, and took away their camp.
For I am more understanding than an old man, Because I have kept your precepts.
Esau said, Please let me leave few friends with you. He said, Don't do so. The favor of my lord was found good.
They pursued after them, and came to the Jordan: and when they saw that the Syrians were swift to flee in the days of their cast away garments and vessels, they brought the king word again.
The woman, standing behind him, wept, and with tears she touched his feet. She came with her own hair, and ate the feet of Jesus, and anointed her feet with ointment.
When the poor man had no strength to offer such things, he chose the wood that could not be destroyed, and searched for the skillful workman, and set up an image that could not be shaken.
There is no hold on those who turn from the teaching of Christ, but there is no God in them. Those who keep the teaching are joined to the Father and to the Son.
Jephthah vowed a vow to Yahweh, and said, If you deliver the children of Ammon into my hand,
Let the whole earth sing aloud to Yahweh.
Who are your mother? A lioness, who fell among the lions, and nourished his son among the lions.
It happened after the earthquake, that there was a fire, and Yahweh was not in the midst of the fire; and behind the fire there was a voice of a little resounding.
You shall know that I am in Israel; and you shall know that I am Yahweh your God, and there is none else: my people shall never be disappointed.
Why have you forsaken me, Yahweh? Why didn't you hide your face from me?
Moreover I have wrestled with my anger, and with my wrath, and with my great abominations, and with my outstretched arm, and with my mighty arm, and have struck you;
Jesus, perceiving that they would inquire of him, said to them, You can't see me a little while, because you said, You can't see me, and it won't be long, and you will see me any more.' He said to them, Is it not?
Now deliver yourself from the cross.
Servants, be in subjection to the masters of the world, and do what is right in you, and not in joy, but in the heart; for you are a servant of fear.
Zebah and Zalmunna said, Get you up, and kill us, for as men are, so is strength. He arose, and killed Zebah and Zalmunna, and took their camels' tents, like the months of the month.
He said, What do you see,mos? I said, Look, a summer fruit. Then Yahweh said to me, My people Israel shall not be before them any more, until the end is come.
Moses returned to Yahweh, and said, Lord, why have you dealt ill with this people? Why have you sent me?
Amaziah said to Amoz, Go, see this seer, flee to the land of Judah, and eat there, and there you shall be a prophet.
He built there an altar, and called on the name of Yahweh, and set up there his tent. The servant of Isaac dug there a well.
But Pharaoh afflicted them more and more. So the king was troubled for the children of Israel.
These are the heads of fathers' houses of the Levites, who lived in Jerusalem in their generations in great numbers.
Four thousand men made porters, and four thousand made instruments of music for David's praise to Yahweh.
He is a mighty man who boasts. He is like a whirlwind,
Tell me, man of my heart, Where is your flock? Give them a place to lodge in? Beloved of your flock, where am I as one who has his face?
But the bull, and its skin, its flesh, and its dung, burned with fire outside of the camp, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
I have seen a thing that is not good under the sun, as it is done on the right hand and on the left;
Then I listened to the commandment, and prophesied: and as I prophesied, there arose a voice, and suddenly the earthquake came, and the bones were joined one to another, and every branch to its place.
The Midianites, and the Amalekites, and the children of the east, were gathered together, and encamped in the valley of Jezreel.
He brought down the heavens, and came. He was black before his feet.
Do you think to plead a man's words? As the wind is the breath of a man's dreams.
and the owl, and the reed, and the reed, and the reed,
Moses called Bezalel, and Oholiab, and all the wise-hearted men, whom Yahweh gave to their hearts with wisdom, to do the work which they put into subjection.
Then the men listened to him, and immediately obeyed his voice, and said, Ah, it is Ben Hadad your brother! He said, Go, bring him. Ben Hadad came out to the king, and the king gave him chariots.
The waters sprang up again, and went back and forth into the tenth month, on the first day of the month, and on the first day of the month.
You shall count all that have no fins and scales in the waters to be an abomination.
Moab shall be destroyed, and shall no more be a nation; for they are haughty, and disobedient to Yahweh.
They came to the strangers who came to them, and profaned my holy name: for by them they came, saying, This is the people of Yahweh, who came out of his land.
Yahweh will be heard in the voice of his majesty, and in the wrath of those who see his fall, and his wrath, and the flame of devouring, and the tempest of wind and of hail.
to the next day on the seventh Sabbath day you shall number fifty days, and offer a new meal offering to Yahweh.
Then Yahweh was zealous for his land, And had mercy on his people.
Yahweh will render to him according to the righteousness and the faithfulness of every man; for this day Yahweh has delivered you into my hand: but I will not stretch out my hand on the anointed of Yahweh.
The words of Job, which he spoke, were without wisdom.
Those who come forth from you shall build a desolate place for a long time; and you shall build the foundations of the generations to be destroyed: and you shall be called The walls of the stronghold,' and The streets of Ethiopia,'
For wisdom shall enter into your heart, And knowledge shall be your heart's delight.
But in the twenty-three year of king Joash the priest had not yet repaired the breaches of the house.
Therefore I said, The Philistines shall come against me to Gilgal; and I will not seek the favor of Yahweh any more, that I may offer the burnt offering.
and said to them, I am this day one hundred twenty years old, that I can't enter in again, and Yahweh said to me, You shall not pass over this Jordan.
Behold, he is taken: who can hinder him? Who has asked him, What have you done?
There fell then of those who were numbered of those who were numbered of them, of those who were numbered of them, twenty-four thousand.
and their brothers, mighty men of valor, one hundred twenty-eight; and Zabdeel the son of Hadgedim their captain.
that they might seek mercy on the God of heaven for the secret, lest Daniel perish with his companions, and with the rest of the wise men of Babylon.
For thus shall they prophesy to all the women concerning the thing which the queen has done, saying, King Ahasuerus has called Vashti the queen before the king, but she has not come; and they shall despise her husband.
He shall take the fat that covers the innards, and all the fat that is on the innards, and the two kidneys, and all the fat that is on them, which is by the loins, and the cover on the liver, and the kidneys;
and the mortars, and the soles of it, and the lamps of it, and the lamps of it, and the lamps of it, and the lamps of it, and the lamps of it, and the lamps of it, and the lamps of it, and the lamps of it, and the lamps of it, and the lamps of it, and the lamps of it, and the lamps of it, and the lamps of it, and the lamps of it, and the lamps of it, and the lamps of it, and the lamps of it, and the lamps of it, and the lamps of it,
The seed of Israel, the son of Jacob, his servant, whom he chose;
Return, Yahweh, the God of Armies. Cause your face to shine, and we will be saved.
For our shame has covered us in our shame; for we have not obeyed the voice of Yahweh our God, nor our fathers, from youth even to this time have we sinned against our God.
The burnt offering, and the fat of the sacrifice of peace offerings, and all the drink offerings of the burnt offering, shall be in abundance: so shall the service of the house of Yahweh be in array.
Now therefore, behold, your end is come, and I will bring my wrath on you, and will execute judgments on you according to your ways; and according to all your abominations will I repay you.
Don't let the words of the truth go from my mouth, For I hope in your justice.
and all the idols of the house of Judah, and all the idols of Jerusalem, and all the abominations of it, and the idols of it, and the idols of it, and the idols of it, and all the abominations, did Josiah break in pieces to perform the words of the law, which are written in Hilkiah the priest in the house of Yahweh.
The one lamb you shall offer for a meal offering, the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour, and the fourth part of a hin of oil.
then the priest shall examine him; and behold, if the skin of the skin is white and white, so that the hair of the skin is turned white, and the raw flesh is seen in the place where the skin is,
So all the people returned every man to his house; and David returned, and blessed his house.
He testified with many words, and exhorted them, saying, Deliver yourselves from this evil generation.
King Sodom said to Abram, Give men to me, and everything to you.
Cursed be he who comes to him, Cursed be he. Blessed be he who does not desire to be blessed far from him.
They forsook the house of Yahweh, the God of their fathers, and served the Asherah and the idols; and the wrath of Yahweh came on Judah and Jerusalem because of their iniquity.
He wrote in the name of Ahab the king's answer, and sent letters to the princes of the elders who were with him in the city of Naboth.
One says, What shall I do to Yahweh, who worships in the high places of the mountains? Shall a burnt offering come to him, or a full year's calves?
Moses and Aaron spoke to all Israel, saying, In the evening you shall know that Yahweh is the one who brought you up out of the land of Egypt.
I saw in the spoil a beautiful garment of Shinar: two hundred shekels of silver, and a house of gold, and fifty shekels of brass, and I took all these things; and I brought them, and behold, they were in the floor of my tent, and silver was under it.
But if we believe that Jesus was dead, and that he was alive, we believe that God will bring with him those who are dead.
You shall not eat of the things of idols, neither eat of the animals of the field, nor of the blood; you shall not have sexual immorality: but if you don't disobey these commandments, you shall be well. Peace be to you.
He who is wise walks in the way of life. He departs from Sheol.
A man who is a false witness shall perish, but no one shall make a defense concerning him who hears the testimony.
that we may escape out of the hand of these adversaries,
The king said, Isn't this the great Babylon, which I have made with my might, and with the majesty of my majesty for the house of my people?
They are like little children sitting in the street, crying one to another, saying, Our flutes don't dance, you don't dance,' and we lamentation to you, and you don't weep.
I will do this to you, and I will set my heart to make you afraid, and tore, and tore, and tore, and tore; and to kill, and tore, and tore, and tore; for your enemies shall eat seed.
The firstborn of the children of Israel shall come out of the midst of the Levite, who is more than two hundred seventy-three; and you shall redeem him.
The word of Yahweh came to me.
Then shall the trees of the forest sing aloud before Yahweh; for he shall come and judge the whole earth.
Who is there among you who has seen the former glory of this house? and what do you see now? isn't it in your eyes, nor in your eyes?
then you shall bring all the firstborn of your sons to Yahweh, and all the firstborn of your livestock; and they are of Yahweh.
This is the word that I shall speak in my mouth: it shall not return to me empty, that I may do that which I shall delight in, that I may prosper in the things which I have sent him.
The grass shall be dry, and the flower shall shoot; for the breath of Yahweh has taken hold of it. Surely man is as grass.
These are the kings of the Hittites, and of the Amorites, of the Canaanites, and of the Perizzites, and of the Hivites, and of the Jebusites, in the hill country, and in the lowland, and in the Arabah, and in the hill country, and in the wilderness, and in the land of the South:
You also will be a witness to them and to the nations for my sake, that they may go out before the governor and the king.
He will utter a wonder, and will call the people who are far off, and will cry for trouble, and will call them from the ends of the earth. Behold, they hurries and comes.
Then I greatly rebuked the officers, and said to them, Why has the house of God been laid waste? Then I gathered the Levites together, and brought them in again.
Asa called to Yahweh his God, and said, Yahweh, save you help in the midst of the strong, and in the midst of the feeble: Yahweh our God, help us; for we trust in you, and make your name against all the multitudes. Yahweh, you are our God, and let no one prevail against you.
You shall eat the food that is labored in your hand, and you shall be well-pleasing and well-pleasing.
He sat on a goodly bed, and set up a table before his bed, and put on it my spices, and my ointment, and my ointment.
I said, I am not the Christ, but the Son of Prophecy. You are my witnesses.
The prince shall offer the burnt offering of Yahweh on the Sabbath day; six lambs without blemish, and one ram without blemish;
If a rich man put on a golden hand, and put on a beautiful garment in your synagogue, and a poor man clothed in a coat of mail came in,
He divided the livestock from a flock to the charge of the servants, and said to the servant, Go before me, and let it be for a portion to all the flock.
They said, What sign do you show us, that we may believe you? What do you do?
So they turned aside from the multitude, and entered into a deserted land in the ships.
Go now quickly, and tell his disciples, He will rise from the dead, and he will come before you into Galilee first, and there you will see him.' Now I have told you.
Some of the Pharisees came to him, testing him, and asking him, Should a man divorce his wife?
A wicked man will receive a vain reward, But one who sows the righteous will receive a true reward.
I have given you good counsel, that you may do as I have done to you.
You shall set your mind on the dogs, and on the wicked, and on those who are strong in circumcision.
To give thanks to the God of his mighty hand and of his outstretched arm; For his loving kindness endures forever;
Their infants shall be forsaken before their eyes; and their houses shall be a spoil, and their wives a reproach.
Deliver me, Yahweh, from my enemies. Let me hide myself in you.
Come you to me, and hear this: I have not spoken from the beginning in secret, and have done it, and I am there: now the Lord Yahweh has sent me and his Spirit.
A mocker seeks wisdom, and doesn't find it; But a prudent man finds knowledge quickly.
Rejoice forever and ever for the sake of my Maker; For I have made Jerusalem a delight, And made her a people, That they may rejoice in joy.
When a handmaid saw Peter sitting and warming himself, she stared at him, and said, This man also is with Jesus.
Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who raised us from the dead, according to the unrighteousness of his loving kindness through Jesus Christ, to the hope of life;
When they saw me in the temple, I was fully refreshed. I was without fear, and I was not troubled.
Yahweh spoke to you out of the midst of the fire on the mountain, from the face of the mountain.
If two men contend, and there come near one man's wife, to deliver her husband out of the hand of him who struck him, and put forth his hand to take the man's nakedness;
Tell us, Is it lawful for Caesar's Caesar to pay taxes?
The priests didn't say, Where is Yahweh, who has not known me in the law, and has rebelled against me in the rulers, and has prophesied in the prophets, and walked in vain.
God came in the dream of the night to Abimelech, and said, You are a man worthy of death; for the woman whom you took is a man's wife.
Then David took it off, and took the rod in his hand, and took the two stones that were on the five ledges in the open field, and put them in the bag, in the beloved of the shepherds; and he took the ropes that were on the stone in his hand; and he came near to the Philistine.
He said to the judges, See now what you have done, because you have judged it not for man, but for God's sake. When you have judged it, he will be with you.
For this is Solomon's request, And the Lord delights in his words.
A worthless man plans mischief, But his lips burn like fire.
Then the master of it will come and tell you, Give now to this man,' and you will be ashamed, and will sit down in the lowest place.
For they preached the Good News abroad for the name of Christ, and didn't receive anything from the unbeliever.
Why do we hear all of them, as we all speak?
You shall rejoice and be glad. Many shall rejoice for his sakes.
I always remember you. This is the thing that is right toward all of you; for you have set apart with me the grace of God, both in the midst of the Gehenna, and in the midst of the Good News.
He looked up, and worshiped the angel, and humbled himself, and took advantage of his body, and was wise; yet from the flesh of the sacrifice of burnt offerings there was nothing.
I will make men better than pure gold, That men may be better than gold in Ophir.
It will happen in those days, in the time of those troubles, that the sun will be darkened, and the moon will not shine,
This god of the world blinds those who don't believe, and doesn't see the light of the Good News. This Good News testifies to the glory of Christ, that is to say, the image of God.
Saul sent messengers to Jesse, saying, Bring here to me here your son David, the one who fed the sheep.
Rebekah took Esau the firstborn again, and put on Jacob the beauty of his house, and put on Jacob the younger of his sons,
They reap the wheat and the thorns. They labor in vain. For they will be ashamed of their increase because of the fierce anger of Yahweh.
He shall be as a wild donkey, and his hand shall be against all; and the hand of all shall be against him: he shall stand before all his brothers.
But Peter rose up, and spoke with a loud voice, and said to them, Know this, you Jews, and all who are in Jerusalem, and listen to me.
For the terror that I have dreaded has come on me; and the terror that I have dreaded has come on me.
Give thanks to the Lord of all, For his loving kindness endures forever.
Let the balances of righteousness come together, That God may know my integrity.
He put his head in the platter, and gave it to the woman. She took it, and gave it to her.
behold, the days come, says Yahweh, that all that is in your house, and that which your fathers gathered up to this day, shall be taken away to Babylon, and there shall be nothing left, says Yahweh.
I was with him, and there was a dream in that night both of us, and there was no partiality in the dream of the nations.
The meal offering of the priest shall be wholly burnt, and you shall not eat of it.
To give thanks to the God who brought up the children of Israel out of Egypt, For his loving kindness endures forever.
Solomon went after Ashtoreth the daughter of the Sidonians, and Milcom the abomination of the children of Ammon.
Therefore my heart is as brass for Moab; and my heart is as brazen brass for the men of Kir Heres: for their substance is not gone from them.
Jesus said to her, Woman, cheer up! Your faith made you well.
There was a gate in the court toward the south, from the gate even to the gate toward the south, one hundred cubits.
The singers gathered themselves together out of all the plains of Jerusalem round about, and out of the villages of Nedophar,
I will give strength to the arm of the king of Babylon, and will deliver my sword into his hand; and I will break the arm of Pharaoh; and he shall cry out before him like the sighing of the dead.
The king shall mourn; and the king shall despise; and the hand of the people shall tremble; and I will do to them according to their ways, and will execute judgments on them; and they shall know that I am Yahweh.
Yahweh said to Moses and to Aaron and to Miriam suddenly, You three come out to the tent of meeting. They three came out.
I will seek him who is Sidon; I will bring him who is driven away; I will bind him who is wounded; I will heal him who is sick; but he who is fat and strong will be cut off, and I will strike him on the right hand and on the left.
From the region of Tyre he passed over Sidon and the region of Decapolis, and came to the king of Galilee.
He called the priests and the Levites together, and said to them, Go into the cities of Judah, and repair your God's house from year to year, out of all Israel; and do this thing quickly: but the Levites didn't hurried.
Then one will feed a young bull and two ewes.
Thus says Jephthah, The children of Israel have not taken the land of Moab, nor the land of the children of Ammon.
The servant said, I have done all that you command, Lord, but I have nothing.'
Solomon purposed to build a house for the name of Yahweh, and to build a house for his kingdom.
gave his offering: one silver platter, the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering;
All the animals, and all the creeping things, and all the birds of the earth, and all the things that are on the surface of the earth, according to their fathers' houses, went forth out of the ark.
But escape from the foolishness of the yoke, and from the divisions of the fathers' houses, and from the law; for all these things are profitable and without price.
They have set princes, and not of me; they have made princes, and I don't know; they have made idols in their silver and in their gold, so that they are cut off.
Binding their kings with fetters, And their servants with harps;
The crown shall be for Helem, and for Tobiah, and for Jedahiah, and for the children of Zephaniah, the same is Josiah; and it shall be for a memorial in the house of Yahweh.
Therefore I will wail like the weeping of the men of Jazer for the vine of Sibmah. Heshbon and Elealiah I will chastise you with tears, for the noise of your wailing will come suddenly, when you reap the fruit and the harvest.
Throw them into the oven, and there they will weep. They will gnaw the teeth.
Woe to those who are full now! For you are hungry. Those who laugh now will be plagued, because you are mourning and weeping.
So the earth changes like the clods of the earth. All things are like the grass of a garment.
So my anger is kindled, and I will be comforted by the wrath of them; and I have done that which I have done to them in my wrath, that they may know that I, Yahweh, have spoken with zeal.
They sacrificed to demons their children,
I am the revelation of God that I have gone back, and I have been preached by those who hope in the Gentiles, that I don't labor to the end, neither have I, nor have I, any more, any work which I have done.
For many of those who were disobedient, even of those who had spoken falsehood, even of those who were deceitful, must be circumcised in Christ.
This is the high priest, whom I say, who sits on the right hand of the throne of God in heaven.
Arise, go to Zerephath in Sidon, and dwell there. Behold, I have commanded a widow of the land to feed you.
The angel of Yahweh appeared to him in the flame of the bush. When he saw the bush, behold, the bush was not burned with fire.
The word of Yahweh which came to Zechariah the prophet, the son of Berechiah, the son of Iddo, in the second year of Darius, in the fourth month, in the twenty-fourth day of the month Sebat, saying,
Therefore let's not use the yeast of wickedness in our hearts, but our unleavened bread for a sacrifice, that we may observe it in a blameless way.
Jehoiada was old and full of days, and died one hundred thirty years, when he died.
All the kingdoms of the earth, the dominion, and the dignity of the kingdoms, are given over to the saints of the Most High. His kingdom is an everlasting nation, and all who have dominion will serve him.
They grove like thorns, Like drunken and drunken with water; Yet they will burn like dry grass.
He said to the man, Stretch out your hand, and immediately he stretched out his hand, and immediately his hand became as the other's hand.
The breadth of the wall of the court toward the south, and the breadth of it toward the separate place, and over against the housetops, were their chambers.
He lived in the hill country of Ephraim, in Ramah, and in Bethel, under the palm tree of Deborah: and all Israel went to him, and were judged.
Out of the tribe of Issachar, Kishon with its suburbs, and Taberah with its suburbs,
The captain of the guard called for Jeremiah, and said to him, Yahweh your God has said, To bring this evil on this place.
When you go forth out of Egypt, I make a covenant with you. Don't be afraid of my Spirit, which dwells in the midst of you.
He who doesn't give his offering without boasting, as though a wind had a cloud, and didn't rain,
their camels were four hundred thirty-five, and their donkeys six thousand one hundred twenty.
The first living thing was like a lion, and the second living thing like a calf, and the third living thing like a man, and the fourth living thing like a flying eagle.
They offer incense on the top of the mountains, and burn incense on the hills, under the oaks, under the thickets of the trees, and under the strong trees; for their shade is good: therefore your daughters play the prostitute, and your brides play the prostitute.
Jesus stood before the governor, and the governor said to him, Are you the King of the Jews? He said to him, You said this.
Wail, weep, and let your tears run down. Let your barns be turned into mourning. Let your joy be turned into mourning.
Then all who sat in the council took the gold and gold from Stephanus, and saw his face as the face of an angel.
As for the prophets, my heart was grieved within me, and my bones were uncircumcised; as for Yahweh, and for his holy words, so I was as a drunken man, as the people who were encamped.
When the officers shall prophesy to the people, they shall set the captains over them to lead the people.
Sing aloud to God, all the earth!
The cry of Heshbon and Elealeh came to Jahaz. Therefore Moab cried with a loud voice with his army; and their heart trembled.
There is a man who passes by, and behold, he is gone. I can't find him, neither do I find him.
If I say that I shall forget my murmurings, And that my sorrows may be turned into joy;
They brought up the ark of Yahweh, and the tent of meeting, and all the holy vessels that were in the tent: and the priests and the Levites carried it up.
You shall count all the congregation of the children of Israel according to their fathers' houses throughout all Israel from twenty years old and upward, even all who are able to go out to war.
As you desire to be treated against you, you shall do likewise to men.
Woe to us, or to the sword, or to the oppressor, or to pestilence, or to famine, or to trouble, when we stand before this house, and we entreat you before you; for your name is in this house, and you shall hear our supplication.
then hear from heaven, and hear from your dwelling place, according to all that the nations have asked of you; that all the heavens and the earth may know your name, and fear you, and the children of Israel your people; and that they may know that I have built this house, and have called it by your name.
There was no one who could show kindness to him, but who could stand before me?
It is a reproach to them that they should be counted worthy of dishonor for the name of the Lord, because of the joy of the apostles who are far from the assembly.
Moses spoke to Yahweh, saying,
No, but in all these things we have been made perfect in all our love toward our God.
Samson cried to Yahweh when he was thirsty, saying, Because you have worked a great salvation by the hand of your servant, don't I die now, and fall into the hand of the uncircumcised?
Of the Levites did Ahijah rule over the treasures of the house of Yahweh, and over the treasures of the holy things.
When the woman conceived, and bore a son, and saw that he was a clean child, she set him up three months.
For the Most High God didn't dwell in the house that was built under the hands, as the prophet said,
Aaron ran to the assembly, as Moses had spoken: and behold, the plague was spread among the people; and he took the incense, and made atonement for the people.
the wilderness in Bezch, for the children of Reuben, and for the children of Gilead in Reuben, and for the children of Seth, of the children of Gad, and for the children of Bashan in Seth, of Manasseh.
For the fortified cities are become desolations, and the waste houses are like the wilderness; and the calves will eat grass there, and lie down, and will eat up the leaves of the branches.
All the people, even all the men of war who were with him, went to encamp before the city, and encamped on the north of Ai. There was a valley between him and Ai.
and you came to the land which Yahweh your God gave you to possess it, and dispossessed it, and lived therein;
They all didn't burn the ephah basket, but each one of them did according to his course, found the spear, and didn't escape.
A prophet came to Ahab king of Israel, and said, Thus says Yahweh, Haven't you seen a great multitude? behold, I will deliver them into your hand this day, and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
For you rejoice, Babylon, and rejoice in the spoil of my heritage; for you love one another, as a herd of grain, and as horses of valor.
Don't deceive yourselves, but God is dishonorable. According to the seed which he sows, so shall men reap.
You shall not take the ransom money of him who flees to the city of refuge, that he may live in his land before the priest dies.
Lord, swallow them up! Crucify their words! For I have seen violence and oppression in the city.
For God will establish your words against you, and against you, whether you are guilty or not.
But the righteous will rejoice, And they will rejoice in the sight of God. They will be glad and rejoice in their time.
He said to them, Give ear to what you will hear. When you measure with what you will measure, God will measure you with the same measure, and will add to it.
I will measure the plumb line of Samaria, and the line of the house of Ahab, and will bring it up on Jerusalem, as when one is seven, and seven on Jerusalem.
He said to him, What can I do for you? You tell me. What is there in your house? He said, There is nothing but oil left in your handmaid's house, but nothing.
When you were in the kidneys, you were in the kidneys, and were in the kidneys.
There is the body of the heavens, and the body of the earth; but the light of the heavens is not as the light of the earth.
Yet my eyes love them, and don't destroy them, neither are they destroyed in the wilderness.
The border went down to the river of Cana, on the south side of the river, between the cities of Manasseh: and the cities were of Ephraim. The border of Manasseh was on the north side, and the goings out of it were at the sea.
For they lay secretly secretly in secret, And have dug a pit for my life.
Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! For you have caused a man to enter in by the sea, but afterward you have turned him into a man more evil than yourself.
In the second year of Darius, in the eighth month, the word of Yahweh came to Zechariah the prophet, the son of Berechiah, the son of Iddo, saying,
They utter pride in their words. All those who work iniquity do violence to themselves.
I have cut off the Amorites from before them, and they are high as cedars, and strong as oaks: but I have destroyed the fruit that is on them, and cut off the roots from under them.
This is how the captivity has gone. Ezra the priest, and certain heads of fathers' houses according to their fathers' houses, are profaned according to their names; and they have sat down on the tenth day of the month to take up this matter.
That you may hear the song of thanksgiving, And declare all your wondrous works.
Serve Yahweh with a heart of gladness, And sing to him.
Therefore love strangers, because you lived as aliens in the land of Egypt.
They said, We will not drink wine; for Jonadab the son of Rechab, our father, said to us, You shall not drink wine with your children forever:
But Jesus didn't need to give the priesthood to others, for he lives forever.
They left my clothes, and cast lots for my clothing.
You have been freed from sin. You have become servants of righteousness.
I testify, that he labored for you, and for the Laodicea, and for the Heres.
Don't give to the wild animal the dove of gentleness. Don't forget the life of the poor forever.
As for man, his days are as grass. His beauty is like the flower of the mountains.
He made the lampstand of pure gold, and the base of the lampstand, and the pillars of it, and the cups of it, and the branches of it, and the flowers of it, of beaten work, for a base.
They cried out for the multitude of their oppressors; for the oppressors of their strength cried out to save.
Yahweh answered the angel who spoke to me with good words and with comfort.
For, behold, I have made known to them this time, says Yahweh; and I will make known to them my right hand and my left hand: and they shall know that my name is Yahweh.
But Job said to him, Why do you speak as the foolish women speak? Won't we receive blessing from Yahweh, and be plagued by him? In all this, Job didn't sin by his mouth.
The sword is given to the light, that the man may lift his hand; and it is anointed, and the light is carried, that it may be given into the hand of the slain.
Samuel answered, I am to sacrifice to Yahweh for peace. Sanctify yourselves, and come with me. Samuel made Jesse and his sons clean, and called them to sacrifice.
Give to man, that you may possess, and measure to you the measure of the measure; and take the sun, and wave it, that it may come forth, and cover it, and pour down your garments; for with whatever measure you measure it you measure it, and it will be measured to you.
I know a man's way, That he doesn't walk by himself, Neither does he who walks by his own footstool.
those who were numbered of them, of the tribe of Manasseh, were thirty-five thousand four hundred.
Our father's life is joined to this child's life: now therefore, if I don't have a child with us, if I return to my father, who is your servant's,
It won't be stopped in the day of the shower, Neither will the careless woman.
He made sashes of fine twined linen, and blue, purple, scarlet, and embroidered work for a belt, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
He took the breast, and put the Urim and the Thummim in the breastplate.
and the fourth row a jacinth, and a jacinth, and a jacinth: and all these were in the settings of the treasuries.
They went out, and came into the city, and found everything as Jesus had said. They stayed there, and prepared the Passover.
They tell you, In the last days there will arise a certain man, who will do according to his own lust, and will not fear; and they will mock at other men's faith.
When the old man lifted up his eyes, and saw the guests in the street of the city, he said to him, Where are you from? Where are you going?
Don't be enraged at the desire of the wicked, Yahweh, That they may be exalted. Selah.
The days of the death of Israel came, and he called Joseph his son, and said to him, If now I have found favor in your sight, put your hand on my thigh, and swear to me, and deal kindly and truly with me, and don't bury me in Egypt.
Adonijah was afraid of Solomon, and rose up, and took the horn of the altar.
Jesus answered them, I will give him bread, that is. He turned to Judas the son of Simon, to give it to Simon the Keriothite.
Our beloved brothers, and a faithful servant, Tychicus, will tell you about my matters, and about my relatives.
So they cast lots for them; and they cast lots for Jonah: and they said to him, Please tell us, What is this evil that we have done, for who is it? for what is it that you have done? for where have you come from? for where have your own land been? for what have you become of all the people?
that we might be joined to him, to establish righteousness with God, through the ungodly Christ.
Now I tell you, what I will do to my vineyard, that I will tear it down, and make it devour; and I will break down the wall, and it will be trodden down.
Behold, the words which you have spoken shall be quickly accomplished; and it shall happen, when they shall come to pass, that they shall know that there are prophets among them.
His bones are full of the strength of his youth, But they will fall with him in the dust.
All the children of Eleazar, the children of Ithamar, did according to their divisions, and didn't divide it: and they were princes in the sanctuary, and princes in the presence of God.
Saul said to Jonathan, What have you done to me? Jonathan said, Surely I have dipped a bottle of honey in my hand, so shall I die?
This is love for us, according to the commandment of God; which you heard from the beginning.
I brought your fathers forth out of Egypt; and you came into the sea, and the Egyptians brought their chariots and their horsemen after your fathers to the Red Sea.
He made poles of acacia wood, and overlaid them with brass.
A third part, and a tenth part, of the Gentiles, after their work,
The Stephanus was full of grace and power. He worked great wonders and signs among the people.
Then someone brought in the paralytic, that he might carry it in before Jesus.
Then the princes of Moab arose, and returned to Baal, and said, Balaam will not come with us.
He went with his disciples to a place called Giussemaneh. He said to his disciples, Sit down here until I come and pray.
Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, The king of Judah has sent you to inquire of me: thus shall you tell him, Behold, those who are come out to help Pharaoh your army shall return to his own land in Egypt.
I have written to you, Titus, and you are my true child in the faith of our saints. Grace be to you and peace be to God our Father, and to Christ Jesus our Savior.
But afterward I will bring back the captivity of the children of Ammon, says Yahweh.
You have made your shields of all kinds in the garden of Eden God, rubies, and sycamore stones, and jewels of gold, and sycamore stones, and crimson, and jacinth, and jacinth, and sycamore stones, and sycamore stones, and sycamore stones; you have made them on you, and you have prepared them in the day that you were made.
Moses went up into the cloud into the mountain, and Moses was forty days and forty nights on the mountain.
If you love one another, all will know that you are my disciples.
There shall be no more night there, neither light for the lamps, nor light for the sun; for the Lord God will light them, and they shall reign forever.
and the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour, and the fourth part of a hin of fine brook oil for a meal offering;
There Assyrian and all his people are, and their graves are round about him; they are all slain by the sword.
As for all the wicked neighbors, who have caused me to inherit the inheritance of my people Israel, says Yahweh, Behold, I will drive them out of their land, and will drive out the house of Judah out of the midst of them.
The princes were angry with Jeremiah, and struck him, and put him in the prison in the house of Jonathan the scribe; for they had made him a prison.
He will judge the world according to righteousness, And will judge all according to justice.
and you did so, as I gave you food, and fine flour, and oil, and honey, which I fed you, and did so to you, says the Lord Yahweh.
But he said, We will not turn aside into the cities of the Gentiles, which are not of the children of Israel; but let us go over to Gibeah.
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, everyone who entered into the service, for work in the Tent of Meeting.
The angel threw the sickle into the earth, and cut off the grapes of the earth, and cast them into the winepresses of the wrath of God.
Yahweh your God will gather you from there, and he will gather you from there, If you are chased, and have those who are round about you.
When I shall speak concerning a nation, or concerning a nation, that I may build and plant it;
It shall happen, if you desire to receive you in the same way, that the peace which you shall bless shall be given you. If it isn't the desire of your soul, take the peace which is blessed in your sight.
But Jesus said, Be careful that you don't go astray, for many will come in my name, saying, I am the Christ,' and saying, The hour is coming. Don't follow them.
It happened after this, that Moab and the children of Ammon came together to fight against Jehoshaphat:
Yahweh said to him, Take for me three oxen of a great age, three sheep of a great age, three rams of a great age, three rams of a great age, one turtledove, and another dove of a dove.
They reasoned among themselves, saying, We didn't bring bread, did he say so?
Those who sin are of the devil, for the devil sins from the beginning. The shepherds of the Son of God are revealed to destroy the devil.
You shall break down every fortified city, and every beautiful city, and shall cut down every good tree, and shall put in all springs of water, and you shall strike with stones all the good fields.
You have magnified your majesty. You have overthrown those who rise up against you. You have kindled great wrath. You have burned them like grass.
They departed quickly out of the way which I commanded them; and they gave them a young bull, and bowed themselves down to worship, and sacrificed to it, saying, This is the spirit which brought you forth out of the land of Egypt.
God is the refuge of our refuge and the strength of our strength. He is the help of those who are in trouble.
For apart from him there is no salvation, for God didn't give another name among the children of men in heaven, that we might be saved by the name.
Your eyes are the lamp of your body; and if your eyes are gold, the whole body shall be radiant; and if your eyes are blossomed, the whole body shall be darkened.
The strength of those fugitives was bowed down, and they stood in the shade of Heshbon: but the fire came forth out of Heshbon, and the flame went out from Sihon, and devoured all the shields of Moab, and all the transgressors over his face.
I, Daniel, saw the vision, that I might understand it: and behold, there stood before me a vision like the appearance of a man.
Now my brothers, swear not by heaven, or by earth, or by anything else, but by God, who says, It is not!'
I will cause them to go into captivity among the nations, and will gather them to their own land, and there shall be none remaining: and they shall know that I am Yahweh their God.
Don't be far from me, Yahweh. Hurry to help me, God, my strength.
Pharaoh had no peace in the morning; and he sent and called all the enchantments and the magicians in Egypt; and Pharaoh told them the dream, saying, There is no one who can explain it to Pharaoh.
Simon Peter answered him, Lord, who shall we follow any more, you word of life?
Look at what evil I have, or what evil I have; Lead me in the way of my eternal life.
Hear, I beg you, the voice of my beloved; behold, he comes; he claps in the mountains, and dances in the hills.
It happened in the eleventh year, in the first month, in the seventh day of the month, that the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
A voice shall be heard to the end of the earth; for Yahweh shall be with the nations, and whoever shall go into captivity shall contend with them: if it be an evil man, he shall deliver them up to the sword, says Yahweh.
There were also seven sons and three daughters.
For I also will boast, because of the multitude that is striving for the things of the world.
Now Hannah's heart was silent, and her lips trembled, and she didn't hear the voice: therefore Eli was a drunken woman.
You shall not stand in the way, neither shall you hide the fugitives from them: you shall not deliver the remnant of them to the adversary in the day of their calamity.
The seed of his servants shall inherit the land, And those who love him shall dwell therein.
The rest of the families of the children of Kohath, their cities, thirteen made places with their suburbs.
What profit is a man to God? Surely a wise man is good for himself.
Jacob said to Laban, Please send me away, that I may return to my own land.
and to bring the silver and the gold that the king and his counselors delight in, to the God of Israel, who dwells in Jerusalem;
You shall teach them to keep all my commandments which I command you, and you shall remember that I am with you until the end of the world.
They told him all his thoughts, and said to him, I have not come to the head of him who has shaved my head, because I am a Nazirite to Yahweh. If I shave me, my strength will depart from me, and I will be weak as others.
He who overcomes will also wear white clothing, and I will not blot out his name from the dead. I will confess his name before my Father, and before his angels.
All the brothers greet you. Greet one another with a holy kiss.
Israel said, What will you do to me like this, and how will you tell the man what kind of brother you are?
You will break them in pieces like a potter's mouth.
If I ascend to heaven, there you are. If I sleep in Sheol, there you are also.
In Ramah, weeping and mourning, Rachel weeps for her children; she refuses to be comforted; for they are no more.
When his brothers saw that his father loved him, they hated Joseph, and didn't speak peaceably to him.
Ahimelech answered the king, Who is like David among your servants? He is the king's son-in-law, and he is your companion, and honorable in your house.
Is the field ever the same to sow? is it ever the same as he who digs the earth? is it ever the same as he who digs the earth?
David also took Ahinoam the Jezreelite; and they were both his wives.
Moses brought the people out of the camp to meet God, and they stood on the mountain.
You shall kill him on the north side of the altar before Yahweh: and Aaron's sons the priest shall sprinkle his blood on the altar round about.
The name of his daughter was Sherelah, who built Beth Horon, and Beth Horon, and Uzzan Shelah.
Paul, a prisoner for Christ Jesus' sake. Timothy, our brother, wrote to Philip our beloved fellow worker,
You have sown iniquity, and have sinned, and have eaten the fruit of lies: for you have trusted in your own ways, and have trusted in your multitudes of mighty men.
Moses and Aaron fell down before all the congregation of the children of Israel.
Why do the nations make the prophets? Why do the people devise vanity?
For you know that afterward he longed to receive the blessing, and to refuse it, because he didn't seek the will of his father to change his heart, and because he left his eyes open, and prayed diligently, and couldn't be blessed.
The burden of Tyre. Wail, you ships of Tarshish, because Tyre is laid waste, and because there is no house, neither is there any man to enter in; and it is told them from the place of Kittim.
The Jews said, He says, Where I am going, you can't go.' Will he go and be ensnared?
and struck the young men and the virgins with you, and struck the shepherds and herds with you; and struck the farmers and herds with you; and struck the governor and herds with you.
I will bring you into the wilderness of the Gentiles, and will enter into judgment with you there.
Then the high priest said, Are these things?
For the Lord heard the voice of the chariot and the voice of the horse, which the army of the Syrians heard: and they said one to another, Behold, this is the king of Israel who gave to the kings of the Hittites and of the Egyptians against us.
His division, and those who were numbered of them, were fifty-nine thousand three hundred.
There arose a great earthquake, and the foundations of the prison trembled. Immediately all the prison doors were opened, and the legs of the prisoners were completely shut.
Seven priests of the seven trumpets of rams' horns went before the ark of Yahweh, and blew trumpets; and the armor bearer went before them; and the people went after the ark of the covenant of Yahweh, and the priests went astray.
Most assuredly I tell you, there shall not one of the least parts of the law, when it is in the beginning of the law and of the law, until the death of the earth is accomplished.
The king of Egypt said to them, Moses and Aaron, why do you want the people to bear their burdens? go, do the work that is right for you.
who has been made known by the Spirit, and who has known his death, that he has seen the promise of the Lord.
Don't provoke the father to anger, And don't make them faint.
and you shall offer the drink offering of a hin of wine for a drink offering, an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor to Yahweh.
Behold, they flee away from evil; and the Egyptians shall gather them, and the Memphis shall bury them: and they shall bring forth briers out of their tents, with the desire of their money.
I am a Jew, born at Tarsus at Cilicia, and in Jerusalem as a disciple of Gamaliel, and as one of the kingdoms of this day; and I was taught by our fathers in the law with zeal for God.
When he had commanded the twelve, he departed from there, teaching and preaching the Good News in the near city.
Now there was a certain man, a man of Caesar's hand, sick, and ready to die.
Yahweh said to Moses, Tell Aaron, Take your rod, and stretch out your hand over the waters of Egypt, which are on their rivers, on their rivers, on their rivers, and on all their waters, and turn them into blood: and there shall be blood in all the land of Egypt, in all vessels of wood, or in all vessels of stone.
David said to the servants who were with him in Jerusalem, Come up, and let us flee; for we can't escape from Absalom, unless we have escaped. Let us go quickly, lest he come quickly on us, and strike us, and kill the city with the edge of the sword.
Know therefore that the word of God's salvation has been preached to the Gentiles, and they will hear and receive it.
Woe to you, nation, if your king is a child, and your princes are weary in the morning!
He fell down at his feet, and gave him thanks. This man was a Samaritan.
Your lips are as scarlet, and your mouth is beautiful. Your cheeks are like a pomegranate in a veil.
Is it according to your commandment that the eagle should be exalted on high?
Don't provoke your father to anger with your children. You shall nourish them with the chastening of the Lord and with his teaching.
It happened after this, that Jeroboam didn't depart from his evil way, but set up priests of the high places from among all the people, everyone who loved them, and set him apart, that he might be priest of the high places.
then I will establish your kingdom, as I made a covenant with David your father, saying, Your seed shall rule over Israel forever and ever.
You shall not eat the bread of the bridegroom's bread, neither shall you drink the good of it.
All winged creeping things, which go on all fours, are an abomination to you.
Isaiah said, Take a cake of figs, and let them take it. So they took it, and spread it on the boil, and the king was healed.
Jesus answered them, You know neither the time nor the time that the Father has ordained for you.
It shall happen, when Yahweh gives you rest, that they shall possess you, as Yahweh has given you; and they shall possess the land which Yahweh your God gives to the Jordan: and afterward you shall come every man to the land which I give to you for an inheritance.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
If a man doesn't observe one of the law, but doesn't observe all the law;
For there is neither circumcision, nor circumcision, but he who is swift to keep the commandments of God.
They answered before the king, and said, Behold, Daniel, the man of the captivity of the children of Judah, O king, he has not taken you and the sign that you have signed, but three times in the day he prays.
To him who made great lights, For his loving kindness endures forever.
This is the history of Noah: Noah is a righteous man, and in him is a perfect man; Noah and God walk together.
He spoke these things to him, saying, Behold, the Hebrew servant, whom you brought us into his house, came to me to mock me;
It happened in those days, when Mordecai was sitting at the door of the king's house, that two of the king's officers, the porters of Beth Dan and Therush, were in anger against king Ahasuerus.
Pharaoh said, Behold, the inhabitants of this land are many, and you will call them to forced labor.
He drove out the nations before them; and he measured the land of the nations by cords to them for an inheritance; and he gave it to the tribes of Israel to dwell in the tents of the nations.
The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ be with you. Amen.
Yahweh said to Moses, Go up into Egypt, and do to Pharaoh all the wonders that I have given into your hand: but I will harden his heart, and he will not let this people go.
The world of Zion is whiter than snow, And whiter than breasts. Their body is redr than rubies, As the brightness of a sapphire,
As for Jehoiakim king of Judah, thus says Yahweh, Thus says Yahweh, You have burned the scroll, and have said, Why write you in it, saying, The king of Babylon shall surely destroy the land, and make this land to perish, both man and animal?
Yahweh said to Joshua, Arise, why do you fall on the earth?
Then his disciples came to him, and said to him, Who is the greatest man in the Kingdom of Heaven?
For your arrows have taken hold of me. Your hand has taken hold of me.
He went with him. The multitude followed him in the ephod.
He overlaid the house with gold, and the wayward, and the threshold, and the wall, and the doorpost, and made cherubim.
For thus says Yahweh, Behold, this time will I offer up the inhabitants of this land, and I will distress them, and make them to cease.
that the days of your days, and the days of your seed, may be multiplied in the land which Yahweh swore to your fathers to give them, as the days of the covert of the earth in heaven, for a great multitude.
Rehoboam went to Shechem; for all Israel came to Shechem to make him king.
Go, inquire of Yahweh for me, and for the people, and for all Judah, concerning the words of this book which they have gathered: for Yahweh is angry with us, because our fathers have not obeyed the words of this book, nor done according to all that is written concerning us.
When he was high priest, David entered into the house of God, and ate the bread of the altar, and gave to the people who were with him. According to the law, no one could eat the bread of the sacrifice, except the priests.
Their meal offering was fine flour mixed with oil, three tenth parts for each bull, two rams, and two tenth parts for each ram.
All the people praised Demetrius, and the truth itself was witness against him. We testify about him, and you know that our testimony is true.
If you understand, then hear this: Turn your ear to the voice of my words.
Let my tongue sing praises to your promise, For all your commandments are righteous.
The angel said, You shall not put your hand on this child, nor do it to him; for now know I that you fear God, and have not given your son, whom you have left alone, that he didn't give me.
The Jews also who spoke in Greece reasoned about him, but they plotted to kill him again.
I will put your bill on him, and will put your belt on him, and will deliver your ruler's house into his hand; and he shall be a father to the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and to the house of Judah.
They sailed to the other side of the sea to Capernaum. But before evening, Jesus came to them.
The father said to them, Where went he from? For his son saw the way of the man of God who came from Judah.
Jesus said, Listen, and I will come near to you. Blessed are those who keep this book, the words of the prophecy.
Moses turned and went down on the mountain, and took two tables of the covenant in his hand: and the two tables had their faces written on the one side and on the other.
Blessed be the greatness of Yahweh, Whose strength is in vain.
This is the tent of my dwelling where I was carried away from me, as the shepherds of the sheep; and I took up my life, and did it to this man; and he will cut me off from my reeds: from the morning even to the evening, Yahweh will surely make my life an end.
Jesus answered them, You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul, and with all your soul and with all your soul.
Then Azariah the priest took the ephod of Yahweh, and went in with him, even eighty men.
Saul said, Throw lots among me and Jonathan my son. He cast lots for Jonathan.
Take away your punishment, and take it away from me; For I will destroy it, because of your hand's chastening.
The centurion found a ship out of Alexander, that he might open to Italy, and he called us to the boat.
The children of Israel pitched their tents, and the kingdoms according to their armies, and the kingdoms according to their encampments, and the kingdoms according to their standards.
Therefore to this day did all the children of Israel not eat the firstborn's root; for that man had cut off the root of Jacob's thigh.
Hezekiah commanded to dress in the house of Yahweh, and they prepared it.
What do you think about him? Who are his seed? They answered him, The seed of David.
For I have been in Christ Jesus, and therefore I have been glorified in God's service.
those who were numbered of them, of the tribe of Manasseh, were fifty-three thousand four hundred.
If you will not be forgiven all of you, neither will my Father do you any more.
The waters prevailed straight from the earth, and afterward one hundred fifty days.
Then justice will dwell in the wilderness, And righteousness in the fruitful field.
As our Lord Jesus Christ shown me, I myself know that I have come to the day that I am departed from the world.
The king answered, I will let you know that you are an adversary; for you know that I have forgotten this dream.
how he must suffer, and be the first to rise from the dead, that the light of salvation may be preached to the Jews and the Gentiles.
You, brothers, do good. Don't consider it.
The Egyptians pursued after them, and all Pharaoh's horses, his chariots, and all his horsemen, and all his army; and they came near to Pihahiroth, by the sea, over against Baal Zephon, and encamped in the land of Israel, and pursued after them.
It was so in the second year of king Darius, in the sixth month, in the twenty-fourth day of the month.
They shall bring to this city the glory of the nations, and the honor of their honor.
You know plainly, whether sexual immorality, or uncleanness, or covetousness, which is idolatry, can't be made the Christ, nor the Kingdom of God.
They can't bear the testimony that I testify to you now.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: I will bring many against them, that they may be cast down and cast into captivity;
Balak took Balaam to the hill country of Sophia, and went up to the hill country of Pisgah, and built seven altars, and offered every altar a bull and a ram.
Even so you also have a man who holds the teaching of Nicolaea.
Moses commanded the children of Israel according to the word of Yahweh, saying, This is what the children of Joseph have spoken.
He who stole his father or his mother, and said, This is not sin. This man is a law of violence.
Therefore we all said, Let us now build for ourselves an altar, not for burnt offerings, nor for sacrifices,
Rescue from Yahweh. Bless your people. Selah.
If you are the King of the Jews, then you shall be saved yourself.
Brothers, before I came to you, I didn't come with a good speech, nor with wisdom, to preach the mystery of God to you.
She hurried, pouring out her pitcher into the boat, and running to the pit to draw water, and giving all her camels drink water.
According to the commandment of Yahweh, as they traveled, so did Moses travel on their journey.
When you walk, you shall not be disappointed. When you flee, you shall not stumble.
I will stretch out my hand, and will strike him with all the wonders that I will do in Egypt; and he will let you go.
The captain of the guard took Seraiah the high priest, and Zephaniah the second priest, and the three doorkeepers;
Another angel came out from the temple, and cried to the one who sat on the cloud, saying, Smite with your sickle, and reap; for the time of harvest has come, and the earth is in its fullness.
At the gate of the city, at the entrance of the gate of the city, and at the entrance of the city, cried out with a loud voice,
In that day, the greatness of the body, the people who bore the ark of the skin, who had been sore afraid from the beginning, and who set out the boundaries of the earth, their rivers were divided, and they would offer the offering to Yahweh of Armies, who went up to Mount Zion, where Yahweh set his name.
They will go out to see the dead bodies of those who rebel against me; for their worm doesn't die, and their fire doesn't go out; and everyone who has flesh will abhor them.
Rejoice in Yahweh, you righteous, And remember his holy name.
Take heed to yourself, and obey his voice, and don't rebel against him: he will not forgive your transgressions; for he is come in my name.
You should speak, saying, It is;' but, It is;' and you say, It is not;' and the rest of the house, it is of the devil.
For thus says Yahweh: There shall be a throne forever for David to sit on the throne of Israel;
But you shall not eat of the tree of your wickedness, the fruit of it; for you shall surely die in the day of your eating.
But I will sing praises to your strength, And I will sing praises to your loving kindness in the morning; For you have been my stronghold, My refuge in the day of trouble.
Let your counsel be multiplied so that you may be weary. Let them arise now, you who are in the heavens, who see the stars, who prophesy in the moons, and deliver you out of your place, from the things that shall come on you.
Micaiah said, I have seen all the children of Israel scattered on the mountains like a sheep without shepherds: thus says Yahweh, They shall return every man to his house in peace.
You shall hang the veil in its place, and put the ark in the veil: this is the veil that separates you from the sanctuary and from the sanctuary.
For the eye is desolate, but it is desolate. The lips draw near, and they do the evil.
Korah gathered the assembly together to the door of the Tent of Meeting, and struck them: and the glory of Yahweh appeared in the assembly.
The seashore shall be a pasture, a pasture, and a fold of flocks.
Joshua the son of Nun was filled with a wise spirit; for Moses had laid his hands on him; and the children of Israel obeyed him, and did according to the commandment of Yahweh, which he commanded Moses.
As God has spoken, I have heard two things, which are God's power.
Therefore turn to your God, and keep love, and justice, and always wait for your God.
Their rock is not like our rock, Neither does it cleave to our enemies.
Judah said to Israel his father, Send you children with me, and we will go out, that we may live with you, and with our little ones, that we may not die.
They brought horses to Solomon out of Egypt, from all places.
David didn't know heaven, but he said, God said to my Lord, Sit at my right hand,
To Timothy, my beloved son, write: Grace, mercy, and peace be to God our Father, and to Christ Jesus our Lord.
I speak to you as to your own children, Be imitators of our state, and enlarge your hearts.
Haven't they taught you, and have spoken to you, saying, Why speak you the words of his heart?
I heard a voice speaking in the temple, and a man standing by me.
Much more waters are not able to destroy love, neither is the flood able to cover him; neither is any man able to change his love toward the fullness of the house, to defy him.
one young bull, one ram, one male lamb a year old, for a burnt offering;
Judge me according to your righteousness, Yahweh my God. Don't let them glory in me.
In their hand were thirty-seven thousand and five hundred chosen men, mighty men of valor, and mighty men of valor, who could help the king against his enemies.
But when Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came into the land, we said, Come, let us draw near to Jerusalem, and escape from the army of the Chaldeans, and from the army of Syria: therefore we dwell in Jerusalem.
I know your affliction and your poverty, and yet you are rich. I know that you have been blasphemed by those who call the Jews, and they are not Jews, but Satan's.
Cursed be he who doesn't keep the words of the law, to do them. All the people shall say, Amen.
When the children of Ammon knew that they were abominable to David, they sent and hired the Syrians, and the Syrians, of the Syrians of Bethrehob, two thousand footmen and the king of Maacah, and ten thousand and two thousand men of Tob.
Son of man, for Tyre has gone to Jerusalem, saying, Ah, the gate of the nations is broken, and it is turned again to me; for it is desolate, and I will make it desolate.
gave his offering: one silver platter, the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering;
Praise Yahweh, Jerusalem! Praise your God, Zion!
Woe to those who are pregnant and to those who nurse infants in those days!
As the sparrows plucked up the cups, And they flew back and forth, And the curses of the ungodliness didn't come to pass.
He who speaks truth commends righteousness. He who falsely testifies shows deceit.
My skin is black, and my skin is skinned. My bones are burned up because of the heat.
For those who seek me shall seek life, and goodness shall be found of Yahweh.
and over the king's treasuries was Azmabet the son of Atiel: and over the field was Jonathan the son of Uzziah, the ruler of the field, and of the city of incense, and of the treasures of the stronghold.
So the people went to Gilgal; and they made Saul king before Yahweh in Gilgal; and they offered there peace offerings before Yahweh. Saul and all Israel rejoiced greatly.
Haven't you turned me like milk, And made me like a colt, like a colt?
For Yahweh hardened their heart against Israel, and fought against them, so that they were utterly destroyed, and had no mercy, so that they were utterly destroyed, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
You say, No, we will ride on a horse,' therefore you will run, and say, We will ride on the swift animal;' therefore you will run very swiftly after you.
Your hand, Yahweh, is lifted up. They don't see it. They will see your zeal for the people, and they will be ashamed. Fire will devour your enemies.
He shall take unleavened bread, unleavened leavened leavened bread, and unleavened bread anointing oil; and he shall make it of fine flour.
As Jonah, who was before, and Imb, and Moses, who were against Moses, these also are also against the truth: their thoughts are corrupted, and they are not tested in faith.
For the ships of Kittim shall come against him, and his heart shall be grieved, and he shall return; and he shall make a full end of the covenant, according to his own will; and he shall return, and conspire with those who forsake it.
You shall die in peace, and shall eat long days, and shall be buried.
They offer the spoil of their war, That they may repair the house of Yahweh.
The jailer called for a lamp to be lit, and went in, trembling and falling down at the feet of Paul and Silas.
The fifth angel sounded, and I saw a star coming down out of the sky, and falling on the earth. There was a star in the star, and it was the time of the star.
It happened in the morning, that David rose up, and the people who were with him, and departed, and went out into the land of the Philistines. The Philistines went to Jezreel.
There appeared a great sign in the sky, and a woman was clothed with the sun, with the sole of her foot, and with the crown of the head of twelve stars.
that you may sit and eat and drink with me in my Kingdom, and sit on the throne, and judge the twelve tribes of Israel.
The vessel that the discharge touches shall be broken, and the vessels of the wood shall be washed with water.
Speak to the people, saying, Your brothers, the sons of Esau, dwell in Seir: pass over their border, and they shall be afraid of you: therefore beware.
I know his disobedience. My sin remains before me.
Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, Behold, I will cause your armies to return, which you have taken away out of the city, and out of the king of Babylon, and out of the army of the Chaldeans who surround you; and all these shall be gathered together in this city.
Hear, Yahweh, my prayer, That my cry may come before you.
So pursue after them in your storm, And make them afraid by your great wind.
When Jesus had said these things, he said to them, Lazarus, our friend, is asleep, and I will come and wake him up.
They shall say, Because they forsook the covenant of Yahweh, the God of their fathers, when he brought them up out of the land of Egypt;
Now therefore don't count him guiltless; for you are a wise man, and know how to deal with him, and cause his blood to go down into Sheol with white hair.
The children of Gad lived opposite Reuben, and lived in the land of Bashan to Salecah.
Jonathan didn't hear that his father had sworn to the people; therefore put forth his rod that was in his hand, and put it in his sack; and his hand was turned around his mouth, and his eyes were turned to gold.
For who am I, that God has given them the gift that we have received from the Lord, that he may hinder the works of God?
For now, because of the loss of sin and of uncircumcised flesh, God has raised you up with Christ. God has forgiven all our sins,
You shall fall by the sword, and I will judge you in the border of Israel; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
Love is humility and loving kindness. Love is without envy, without boasting, without pride,
You shall teach them statutes and ordinances, which they shall walk in. What they shall do.
It happened, when the work of the fathers' houses was ended, that David sent, and brought him into the palace, and she became the wife of David, and bore him a son. But Yahweh was displeased with all the work of David.
The angel said to David, The enemy is stronger than we, and is come out against us in the battle; and we will strike him to the entrance of the gate.
The land also bears its fruit. The beginning of it is the fruit of it. It vomits its fruit after it, and the end of it is the fruit of it.
They accepted him gladly, and got into the boat, and immediately the boat came to the place where they would go.
But I tell you, as it is written, Elijah is come, and they do to him according to their own will.
Hushai said, You know that your father is a mighty man, and he who follows him, and that their heart is strong, as a bear who falls away in the open field; and your father is a man of war, and there shall be no rest with the people.
Your father made our yoke grievous, and your father laid on our burdens, and on the heavy yoke: be you lighter, and we will serve you.
Not only I have made this covenant with you, but also this oath;
Jesus answered them, At evening you say, Because the sky is reddish, so tomorrow is good.'
The children of Israel traveled according to the divisions: thus was their honor:
You shall not deprive yourselves of your spiritual gift, which is given you by the word of the prophet, and by the hand of the elders.
When a man steals, he shall come to the fatness of the land that is in the province, and shall do that which his fathers and their fathers have not done; and he shall make a conspiracy against the salt places, until the time of his harvest, with the spoil and the spoil.
Moses said to them, Wait until you have stood, and I will hear what Yahweh has commanded you.
Jeroboam said to his wife, Arise, and disguise yourself, that men may not know that you are a wife of Jeroboam: and there went to Shiloh, and there was a prophet Ahijah, concerning him, saying, I will be king over this people.
to gather the rich people's food that they have left at the table, and to enroll themselves in the place where they have boiled their feet.
The high priest, Azariah the house of Zadok, answered, From the possession of the people to the possession of the house of Yahweh, and from the abundance of them, we have eaten, for Yahweh has blessed his people, and has remained until many times.
That those who love me may inherit, And fill their treasures with gold.
If I do this, why then does this thing happen which is written?
This will be known to all, Knowledge to all.
Now if it please the king, please search the king's kingdom in Babylon, and see whether the king of Cyrus has come to build the house of God which he built at Jerusalem. Please let the king show us in this matter.
If we say that we aren't guilty, we deceive ourselves, and we have no truth in ourselves.
The sun shall not hurt you at all in the daytime. The moon shall not hurt you at all in the night.
The mountains melt because of him. Yes, the hills melt away. Yes, they lift themselves up before him, The world and those who dwell in it.
Is it that you should be struck again, always rebellious? Your whole head is pained, and your whole heart is worn away.
You shall eat, but it shall not be satisfied; and your vanities shall be within you; and you shall be a serpent, but you shall carry it in peace; and I will deliver all of your substance to the sword.
Yahweh has commanded, saying, The Assyrian, he says, He who is of your own will no more declare; and I will cut off the engraved images and the images of molten images out of the house of your god; and I will prepare a grave for you, because you are grieved.
He called the priests and the Levites, and gathered themselves together on the broad place eastward;
Thus Yahweh commanded Moses, and he numbered him in the wilderness of Sinai.
Let that night's stars be darkened. Let them look for light, and they can't see it, Neither do they see the dawning of the dawning.
It will happen in those days, that the mountain of Yahweh's house will be established on the mountains, and will pass over all the mountains; and all the nations will be in subjection.
Whoever is wise in heart among you, let him be all that Yahweh commands.
Do you open your eyes, as such? Do you lead me to your judgment?
You shall leave it until the fourteenth day of the month: and all the assembly of Israel shall kill lambs all the days of the month:
Yahweh saw that Leah didn't find Jacob's love, and he made him to conceive; but Rachel didn't.
If you do anything against me, and don't listen to me, then I will bring you seven times as much evil as you have done.
We will get all kinds of goods, And fill our houses with the spoil.
For you are children of God, and God has sent the Spirit of his Son into your heart, that you may cry out, Father, Father.
You are wild donkeys, and widows in the wilderness; and you have lifted up your heart, and have taken hold of them: for who can hinder them when they flee? He who seeks them shall not labor; and he shall find them in that month.
One said to him, Your mother and your brothers stand outside, that they may see you.
A servant who does wisely will receive the king's favor; but the unfaithful will be angry.
and the fathers of the circumcised, because they were not circumcised, neither were they under the flesh, nor were they under the flesh of Abraham, our father, before they were circumcised.
His servants rebelled against him, and killed him in the king's house.
All day long my adversaries blaspheme me. As for me, they cursed me.
Because of the wrath of your law, Because you lifted me up, And threw me down.
Nevertheless the blood shall not be eaten; it shall be poured out on the earth as water.
Believe in me in the Father, and the Father in me. If not, believe also in my works.
He who sent me is with me. He doesn't leave me alone, because I do his pleasure.
You shall observe that which I command you this day: and behold, I will drive out from before you the Amorites, and the Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Perizzites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites.
Those who love my father and mother, who love me, who don't regard themselves as my disciples, who love children above those who love me, and don't regard them as my disciples.
Let us build a house on the wall, and put there a bed, and a table, and a lampstand, that we may come to him, and lodge in it.
The sons of the prophets who were in Bethel came out to Elisha, and said to him, Do you know that Yahweh will take away your master from you today? He said, Yes, I know it, and you will not speak.
If you vowed a vow without a vow, It would be better for you not to vow.
David said to Abishai, the brother of Joab the son of Zeruiah, Ahimelech the Hittite, who will go down with me to the camp to Saul? He said, I will go down with you.
But I do that which is for my name's sake, that my name not be blasphemed before the eyes of the nations, even those who have seen the nations that I brought forth out of Egypt.
Do you listen to him? Do you plead a cause for God?
Beloved, don't let anyone deceive you.
That which is of the flesh dies, That which is of the Spirit is life and peace.
In that day Yahweh magnified Joshua in the sight of all Israel; and the people feared him all his days, as before they feared Moses.
In you there is a slanderer, and he who sheds blood; and in you there is a sacrifice on the mountains, and prostitution is among you.
It happened, as they came near to Jebus, that the day was near to go down to the mountain, and the servants said to the master, Come, and let us turn aside into this city which the Jebusites are: and we will lodge there all night.
It will happen, when she is rich and full of riches, That all the afflicted will come forth and strike her with their hands.
From there he went and struck the inhabitants of Debir. The name of Debir before was Kiriath Sephur.
He said to me, Write you now, and be invited to the marriage feast. Blessed are you. He said to me, Surely this is the word of God.
Let us do this to them. Let them live, lest we fall on us for the wrath which we swore to them.
He went and hired one of the men of the land, who sent him into the field, into the field, and he fed the herd of pigs.
Others ridiculed them, saying, They drink new wine, and they drink it.
I said to him, You shall dwell with me many days, and you shall not commit adultery, neither shall you go after others; so will I do to you.
Therefore he must be with his brothers in every way, that he may be a high priest of righteousness and truth to the sins of all men, and that they may be forgiven.
There is none who opposes his brother, Neither can he redeem his life with money.
When the morning had come, they called the disciples, and chose twelve men from among them, and called them apostles,
When a man sees a false vision for you, and practices lies, and puts you under the neck of an evil man, their iniquity is deceitful, and their days are come.
The two hundred men whom Absalom had invited, and those who went with him out of Jerusalem, didn't know that.
But the king of Assyria didn't so desire, neither was his heart struck; but his heart was desolate, and he sought to destroy many nations.
The fruit of the house is left to the fathers, But the wife of the wise is Yahweh's.
Now, Israel, what would you, Yahweh your God? Didn't you love Yahweh your God, to walk in all his ways, to love him, and to love him, and to walk in his heart, and to serve Yahweh your God?
If he offers a lamb for a sin offering, then he shall bring a lamb without blemish.
The man said, All these commands I have learned from my youth, that I should keep them.
It will happen, when the end of those nations comes, that the iniquity of man shall be ended, and one king shall be raised up, and his face shall be evil, and his words shall be deceitful.
They brought the harps, and the harps, and the trumpets, and the trumpets, to Jerusalem, to the house of Yahweh.
Therefore, brothers, if I only speak in another language, and don't preach the revelation, the knowledge, the teaching, or the word, what profit is there to you?
Is there evil in your wealth, or in all your strength, that you shall not be afflicted?
All the people of the city were gathered together after them: and they pursued after Joshua, and were drawn away from their cities.
Jacob went to Succoth, and built himself a house there, and made booths for the livestock: therefore he called the place Succoth.
and said to them, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, who sent me before him to offer your request,
They said one to another, We have indeed sinned from our brother, who cried to us, and we have seen his affliction in our hearts, and refused to listen to him. Therefore this trouble will come on us.
It happened in the Jubilee, when the children of Israel were come, that their inheritance increased in the tribe of their inheritance which they were to possess; and their inheritance went over from the tribe of our fathers.
You shall give to the cities of the Levites forty-eight; cities with suburbs shall be given to them.
The word of Yahweh came to Jeremiah, saying,
Neither in the seas, but you say, Who has brought us over the sea to us, that we may listen to it, and do it?'
He who keeps the days is for the Lord, and everyone eats for the Lord; for he gives thanks to God. He who doesn't eat is for the Lord, and he doesn't eat. He gives thanks for God.
If a man talks with you, he won't be weary of you. But who can't keep his covenant?
and the body of Jezebel shall be as dung on the ground in the garden of Jezreel, so that no man shall say it.
He who touches him shall strike him with iron, and with spears; and he shall burn him in his place with fire.
My son, keep your wisdom and your counsel. Don't let them go from your eyes.
He is afflicted and grieved. He is not his free will.
I am the least of all the saints, that the Good News of Christ may be preached to the Gentiles.
Praise my mouth, Yahweh, for the joy of my mouth. Teach me your statutes.
Now I give a decree, that the peoples who are under my dominion, let them tremble before the God of Daniel; for he is the living God, who remains, and his kingdom shall not perish forever: his dominion shall not be strong.
He brought him to eat, and he caught him, and said to him, Come with me, my sister.
When she is made to drink the water, and she is unclean to sin against her husband, then the water of the curse shall enter into her, and she shall be bitter; and her body shall be refreshed, and the thigh shall fall, and the woman shall be accursed among her people.
Behold, we have seven brothers. The elder took the wife, and died, having no son, and released her to her brother.
It happened in the next year, that Nebuchadnezzar sent to Babylon, to bring him and the treasures of the house of Yahweh, and made Zedekiah his uncle king over Judah and over Jerusalem.
Before the work of the heart of Yahweh is done, you shall in no way turn away his anger; but you shall in no way understand it.
Most assuredly I tell you, you will also keep him in heaven, what you have withheld on the earth, and whoever you have granted on the earth will be granted in heaven.
Let Aaron's house say, His loving kindness endures forever.
Moses said to the judges of Israel, Kill you him who is joined to Baal Peor, all you men.
To Aholiah the son of Ashzabad, of the tribe of Dan, was given understanding, and understanding, and able to teach.
Therefore he ought to sacrifice for himself, as he sacrificed for the sins of the people.
Why do the knees of my mother receive me? Why do I suck milk?
Before my prayer came to an end, I commanded to fly quickly, and to touch me about the evening meal offering, the man Gabriel, whom I saw in a vision.
Be like brothers who love one another.
They shall not sacrifice any more any more deceit which they have played after their prostitution: it shall be a statute forever throughout their generations.
Who can make the unclean out of uncleanness? There is none.
When he had said this, you couldn't see my face again, and it was very hard for them, and they sent him into the boat.
His division, and those who were numbered of them, were seventy-four thousand six hundred.
He said to me, Have you seen, son of man, what they have done? Is it a very abominable thing that I have been far from my sanctuary, which the children of Israel have done here: but behold, there is yet a greater abomination.
He who has not heard from of old, and has not been blind, will see any more, when he is born.
Moses said, You have offered yourselves to Yahweh, and have blessed you this day every man against his son, and against his brothers.
The watchman answered, The morning is at hand, and the night is at hand; and if you ask, ask; look again, look again.
He who chases the day by day, For his loving kindness endures forever.
It will happen in that day, says Yahweh, that there will be a mourning in the gate, a cry from the other place, and a great shout from the mountains.
I will make rivers in the bare mountain, And springs in the valleys; And I will make the desert a spring, And the dry land a spring.
I will declare the works of Yahweh. I will remember the signs of his former days.
Know therefore, and number it, and see what you will do; for it is determined that our master and all his house may be harmed: and there is none to speak with him in his holy spirit.
So Jehu the son of Jehoshaphat, the son of Nimshi, rebelled against Joram: and Jehoram and all Israel took Ramoth Gilead, because of Hazael king of Syria;
For all the ways of man are before Yahweh's eyes. He takes all the ways of man.
But they didn't depart from the sins of the house of Jeroboam, with which they made Israel to sin; but the Asherah of Samaria remained.
Jeremiah sent him from Topheth, where Yahweh had sent him to preach the commandment, and returned, and stood in the court of the house of Yahweh, and spoke to all the people, saying,
The children of Benjamin did so; and they took of the captives of the daughters of their daughters, according to their number; and they returned to their land, and built them cities, and lived therein.
On the fourth day ten bulls, two rams, fourteen male lambs a year old without blemish;
He said to them, Stay here night; as Yahweh commanded me, I will bless you. The princes of Moab lodged in Paran.
You shall not oppress the poor and needy who labor in your land, neither your brother, nor your stranger, who dwells in your land, who is within your gates.
But Jesus turned, and saw his disciples, and rebuked Peter, saying, Get out! This is God's, not what you think, but man's.
But we will armed ourselves, and go before the children of Israel, until we bring them to their place; for the inhabitants of the land shall dwell in fortified cities only our little ones.
Judah said to his brothers, What profit is it that we have killed our brother, and hid his blood?
The east side shall come to the Jordan: this is the inheritance of the children of Benjamin according to their families round about their border.
For thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: In this place shall men buy houses, fields, and vineyards.
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, everyone who entered into the service for the service of the service of the service in the Tent of Meeting,
God sent out his only Son to the world, that we might live by him, so that God revealed his love among us.
He who breaks in pieces horses and horsemen with you; He who breaks in pieces chariots and sat on them;
He shall burn the garment of the plague, or the warp, or the woof, either the wool or the skin, or the skin; for it is a destructive mildew, it shall be burned in the midst of the fire.
He saw also that he had wrapped his head, and didn't lay it up with the linen cloth, but rather he laid it up.
When John saw that many Pharisees and Sadducees were coming to him to be baptized, he said to them, You vipers, who warned you to escape the wrath of God?
Jesus therefore said to his disciples, The hour is coming, and you don't want to see the Son of Man on that day.
He opened his eyes on the Sabbath day, and it was the day that he opened it.
Judge my cause, Yahweh. Judge my cause.
If a man lies with his wife, her father-in-law, and she reproaches her father-in-law, they shall bear their iniquity, and shall have no sons all the days of their life.
These women were continually grieved with the sorrows of Isaac and Rebekah.
As for you, my lord, Yahweh, because you have sinned, and have given your hand to your own enemies, as Yahweh lives, and as your soul lives, saying, Let your enemies and your counselors do to my lord, even as Nabal.
For you are the God of my strength. Why have you forsaken me? Why should I go and walk for the adversary's hand, and for the sorrow of my adversary?
Now the rest of the acts of Ahab, and all that he did, and the houses that he built, and all the cities that he built, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
They brought him to him. When the man saw him, he immediately freed him, and struck him down to the ground, and brought him down again.
Truth comes down from the earth. Righteousness comes down from the sky.
He brings the swarms of flies among them, And causes the frogs to fall on them.
There were four lepers in the gate; and they said one to another, Why sit we down here, until we die?
He said, Come! He went down from the ship, and came to Jesus.
God has made us this change, and he has given us the Holy Spirit.
You shall not give to a woman all your strength; neither shall you destroy any of your doings.
Look at me in my affliction, Yahweh. My heart is troubled. My heart is troubled within me, for I am very rebellious. Outside, the sword is put to death. In the house is death.
Yahweh my God, I will praise you with all my heart. I will glorify your name forever.
The burden that Isaiah the son of Amoz saw concerning Babylon.
that I not stripped him of his light, and made him as the day of his birth, as a wilderness, and as a dry land, that he should die by his mouth.
But Peter denied it before all the people, and said, I don't know what you are saying.
The ten nations shall dwell in Ashdod; and I will destroy the pride of the Philistines.
The first angel went, and poured him down on the earth, and those who had the mark of the beast, and those who had worshiped him, gave birth to the heaps and to the heaps.
He has brought my hand about to war, That my arm may open the bow of brass.
He shall bring the bull to the door of the Tent of Meeting, and lay his hand on the head of the bull before Yahweh, and kill the bull before Yahweh.
I will sing for my beloved, A song of my beloved, Of the vineyards of it. I have vineyards of my love, Of the fruitful hills of it.
He took out of the city seven men of the captains of the forces who were in the city, and seven men of the king's face, and the scribes of the army, and those who numbered the people, and sixty men of the people who were found in the city.
if you offer an offering made by fire to Yahweh from the herd or from the flock, a burnt offering, or a sacrifice made by hand, for a vow, or for a sacrifice of peace offerings, or for a feast, an offering made by sweet savor to Yahweh;
Abraham was circumcised that day with his son Ishmael.
David came to him, and fed his father's sheep in Bethlehem, where he was in Saul.
Now if you will obey my voice, and keep my covenant, then you shall be my precious treasure among the nations; for all the earth is mine.
neither have we listened to the voice of Yahweh our God, to do that which he committed to his servants the prophets whom he set before us.
Let their mouth magnify Yahweh. Let them take hold of the sword that is in their faces with their hands.
Don't touch my anointed, Neither deal wickedly with my prophets.
As one who kisses a man with his mouth, So is he who answers with prudence.
Blessed be Yahweh, the great and the great, In the city of our God, In his holy mountain!
The famine was great in Samaria, and they besieged the city, so that the first donkey was eighty shekels of silver, and the fourth shekel of silver, one hundred fifty shekels of silver.
So I will sing praises to your name forever. I will pay my vows daily.
In that day there will come forth living water out of Jerusalem, half of it, and half of it, and half of it, and half of it, and half of it, and half of it, and half of it, and half of it, and half of it, and half of it, and half of it, and half of it, and half of it, and half of it, and half of it, and half of it, and half of it, and half of it, and half of it, and half of it, and half of it, and half of it, and half of it
If they are a foreigner to any of the tribes of Israel, then their inheritance shall pass over from the inheritance of our fathers, and shall be multiplied in the inheritance of the tribe of their possession; so shall it be carried over by lot from us.
A fool's son is a plague of his father. A wife's fodder is like a rushing of the rain.
Out of the camp of the Philistines came forth a man named Goliath, who was a Gathite, and who had a six cubits higher than any of them;
I turned, and looked, and behold, all the beryl that was under the sun, and behold, the bereavement was fallen, and there was none to comfort; for they were not comforted, because they oppressed their might.
On the third day Esther was arrayed with the royal robe, and stood in the inner court of the king's house over against the king's house: and the king was sitting over against the king's house in the king's house.
He took Agag king of Amalek alive, and killed all his people with the edge of the sword.
They made unleavened cakes out of Egypt unleavened, because they were compelled to go forth out of Egypt, so that they could not endure, neither prepared anything for themselves.
So David prevailed against the Philistines with a line and with a stone, and struck him; but the hand of David was not sharp.
Therefore I tell you, whatever prayer you make, believe that it has been done, and it will be done.
Take my money, and don't give me bread to eat, and take my money, and don't give me water to drink, until I have allowed myself to pass by.
The king Jehoiakim sent to Egypt, to Elnathan the son of Achbor, and to certain men, to Egypt.
So Naomi returned, and came with Ruth the Moabitess, her daughter, her daughter, from the land of Moab: and when they came to Bethlehem, they began to reap barley.
Come and contend with me. See how I came to pass, and now you have heard that I am still at hand.
Take heed that you don't show yourself good in your sight, but that you don't receive the reward of the Father.
Jacob did so. Laban gave Rachel his daughter as wife seven days in the division of Leah.
Lord, give ear to the prayer of your servant, and to the prayer of your servants who love to fear your name, and make your servant prosperous this day, and find favor in the sight of this man. Then I was king's cupbearer.
It happened on the next day, that Jesus went into Galilee to meet Philip, and he said to him, Follow me.
Jehoshaphat slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David his father: and Joram his son reigned in his place.
You will receive the testimony that you need, that you will be able to testify in Christ through me. He will not be feeble in the sight of you, but will be able to show himself mighty in the midst of you.
Abimelech fought against the city all day long, and took the city, and killed the inhabitants of it, and broke down the city, and salted it with salt.
It shall be on Aaron's forehead, that Aaron may bear the iniquity of the children of Israel in all the holy offering: and it shall be continually on his forehead, that they may be accepted before Yahweh.
They took all their wares, and all their goods, and all their little ones, and the women, and all the goods that were in every house.
I tell you, God will hurry to build them up. But when the Son of Man comes, will he see this in the sight of the world?
They girded sackcloth on their waists in the streets, and wept every man over his place where the breadth of the house was, and wept with tears.
I don't see him on the left. I don't see him on the right hand. I don't see him on the left.
Therefore the father of it shall kill a son among you, and the son of it shall kill his father; and I will judge you in the midst of you; and all the remnant of your people will I scatter throughout all your generations.
The Son of Man will be ashamed of him who reproaches me and my words, When the Son of Man comes on himself, on his Father, and on the Holy One of angels.
Blessed are the kingdoms of Yahweh. Blessed are the chosen to be his inheritance.
The pomegranates that are in the field, The grapes that are left over from the wicked.
But concerning the resurrection of the dead, you have not read the words which God spoke to you, saying,
For this cause all the wealth of the Moabites, and all that they gather together, shall pass over the brook of the handbreadths.
The rest of the people offered twenty-two thousand darics of gold, and twenty-two thousand minas of silver, and sixty-seven measures of priests' garments.
We will take ten men of all the tribes of Israel, one thousand one hundred, and ten thousand, and measure the people to Gibeah of Benjamin, that we may deal with them, as they have done in Israel.
There were also in Moab and in the children of Ammon, in Edom, and in all the nations of Judah, when they heard that the remnant of the remnant of the king of Babylon left them, and that Gedaliah the son of Ahikam, the son of Shaphan, had made them governor.
I tell you that if there were two of you who were in the earth praying with one accord, my Father would have kept them holy.
In the twenty-ninth year of king Artaxerxes, in the ninth month, there was wine before the king; and I kept the king's wine: and I didn't have sorrow before the king.
The understanding of the arrogant will drive him out of me. I have cut him off from all that is evil.
You shall not uncover the nakedness of your father's body: he is the close relative of your father.
A voice came, saying, Take up the heights, and lift up the heights, and prepare the way, and cut off the paths of my people.
When he had eaten, he was strong. He stayed many days with his disciples.
Absalom urged him, and he allowed Amnon and all the king's sons to go with him.
Abimelech went to Thebez, and encamped in Thebez, and took it.
The skillfully woven band that was on it, and the like work of the ephod, with which it was girded, and the like work of the ephod, with gold, and blue, purple, scarlet, and fine twined linen, did it, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
All the saints greet you.
As for you who have served Yahweh, what have you to do this day to choose out which of the gods which you shall serve, and to do to the gods of the Amorites who dwell in their land, which are beyond the River? As for me and my house, we will surely serve Yahweh.
When a man saw it, he said to Joab, I saw Absalom on the oak.
For I speak to the Gentiles, because I am an apostle of the Gentiles, and I am very openly proclaimed in this way from my mouth to my mouth.
Then all the army of the king of Babylon was besieging Jerusalem; and Jeremiah the prophet was shut up in the court of the guard in the house of the king of Judah.
For many of Ephraim, Manasseh, Issachar, and Zebulun were unclean to themselves, but they ate the Passover, and didn't understand the law.
It happened, when she conceived, and bore, that she awakened, and cried out in her pain. So we are before you, Yahweh.
The Son of Man will come with his angels in the glory of his Father, and he will render to them either a reward, or a punishment, according to the work of every man.
Abimelech pursued after him, and fled before him; and many fell one on another to the entrance of the gate of the city.
They came near to the house of Micah, and behold, the voice of the young man the Levites came in, and said to him, Who brought you here? What have you done here? What have you found there?
David said, Will the men of Keilah deliver me up with the people who follow me into the hand of Saul? Yahweh said, They will deliver you up to him.
Jethro rejoiced greatly, because Yahweh had dealt with all the good of the children of Israel, and had delivered them out of the hand of the Egyptians.
Therefore I will give their wives to another, and their fields to another, and to inherit them: for they have done falsely from the least of them even to the greatest of them, from the prophet even to the priest.
Thomas answered, Oh, my lord, my God!
It happened, when the time had come, that it was declared through the word of faith, that it might be revealed, and I was angry, and commanded by God our Savior to prophesy of the Good News.
Then I washed you with water, and washed your body's blood, and anointed you with oil.
The sluggard says, A lion is outside, But if I go into the street, I will kill him.
It happened, while his servants besiege the city, that Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came.
In the second year of Joash the son of Jehoahaz king of Israel began Amaziah the son of Joash king of Judah to reign.
They make the land desolate, and the land desolate, and cry to me. The whole land is laid waste, because there is no man who delights in it.
and the finely worked garments, and the holy garments of Aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons, to minister in the priest's office;
When they had eaten from the grain that was brought back from Egypt, their father said to them, Go again, buy us a little bread.
Yahweh do so to my soul, and to deliver me out of all my troubles, since I have watched your soul this day.
Now therefore see me, I am; there is no God besides me; I have made man dead, and I have made man alive: I have injured him, and I have healed him; there shall not one deliver him out of my hand.
It shall not be in that time, says Yahweh, that I will utterly destroy you.
Hear me, you islands. Listen, you peoples, from afar. Yahweh called me from the womb. He called my name from my mother's womb.
Therefore I returned to my own heart, And made a great snare for my labor under the sun.
In the thirty-eighth year of Asa king of Judah began Ahab the son of Omri to reign over Israel: and Ahab the son of Omri reigned twenty-two years in Samaria over Israel.
Through you have we struck down our enemies. Through your name we have trodden down those who fight against us.
The thing was fulfilled which he spoke through Jeremiah the prophet, saying, They took the thirty pieces of silver, which the children of Israel exacted for him.
He said, Edom shall become an astonishment, and everyone who passes by shall marvel; for all his calamity shall be mocked at him.
Now thanks be to God, who, though you had been a bondservant of sin, has obeyed all your heart and your soul, that you should be teachers of the law.
Six years shall you till your fields, and six years shall you gather up your vineyards, and gather the fruit of the ground.
As they were still being cut off for this, behold, two men stood by them in the ram's clothing.
He sent Hadoram his son to king David, and greeted him, and blessed him; for he had fought with Hadarezer, and prevailed against him (for Hadarezer and Tou had war wars in their own place); and Hadoram brought with him gold, silver, and brass.
We said to my lord, The child shall not depart from his father, unless he is removed from his father, and his father shall surely die.'
Don't turn my heart to evil, So that I don't go in to the workers of iniquity, And don't give me to eat their dainties.
But be partakers of one another's learning, that you may do this in Christ's faithfulness.
Say you to wisdom, You are my sister. Make understanding your kinsman.
Simon Peter got up on the ship, and took away the net, and filled the fish with the great fish, one hundred fifty-three tails; and the fish, though they were many, didn't break in pieces.
For thus says Ben Hadad, Your silver and your gold are mine, and your wives, and your sons and your daughters, and my choice.
For we have no one to live by ourselves, and no one to die for himself alone.
These vessels came out by Cyrus king of Persia, and they were given to Sheshbazzar, prince of Judah, out of the chamber of Michledad, king of Cyrus.
You shall break down their altars, and dash in pieces their pillars, and burn their Asherah with fire, and cut down the engraved images of their gods; and you shall cut off their name out of that place.
There were six steps to the throne, and a golden footstool and a throne like one: and on the one hand was a handbreadth, and on the other hand two lions stood.
Has the Lord struck Israel like those who struck him? Has he been slain like those who killed him?
You, God, will bring them into the pit of destruction. The slain and the treacherous shall not live in the midst of the midst of it. As for me, I will trust in you.
He struck with the edge of the sword the cities of the priests, the women of Nob, and the little ones, and the infants, and the infants, and the oxen, and the donkeys, and the sheep, with the edge of the sword.
and say, Behold, the camels are taken away; and hide your nose, and abhor him, says Yahweh of Armies; and bring the spoil, and the lame, and the sick, and the sick, that I may accept from your hand? says Yahweh.
Jeremiah said to them, Thus shall you tell Zedekiah,
He has chosen our inheritance for us, the glory of Jacob his beloved. Selah.
I remember your faithfulness, which your mother, Reubenice, and your mother, Junielles, were of old, and I have confidence in you, as it is now.
Say you to them, This is not the word of Yahweh their God, neither is it taught: truth is gone away, and it is broken from their mouth.
Wisdom dwells securely in the hearts of the discerning, But the inward parts of the fools are revealed.
You shall lay your hand on his head, and kill him before the tent of meeting: and Aaron's sons shall sprinkle the blood on the altar round about.
The second, and the third, took the brother.
Hide me from the desire of the wicked, From the confusion of the unrighteous.
Who has committed the land to him? Who has set the whole world in order?
Let him live long. They will give him the gold of Sheba. They will always pray for her, and will praise her all the day.
Who is the King of glory, Yahweh of Armies, the King of glory? Selah.
You have despised my holy things. You have profaned my Sabbath.
But now you say, Go, tell your lord, Elijah is here.' He will surely kill me.
Immediately the commanding officer came with the soldiers and the captains of the army to the people. When they saw that the captains and the soldiers stood still, and didn't strike Paul any more.
You shall keep these poles in the rings of the ark; you shall not remove them.
In that day, because they turned aside to all the evil that other gods had done, therefore will I hide my face.
Herod was sitting on the throne in the king's seat in the day of the covenant, and spoke to the people.
In the seventh month, in the first day of the month, Ezra the priest brought the book of the law before the council, which is you, and before all who hear it, southward.
But Moses went in to him in the presence of Yahweh, and spoke to him, and he took his veil, and came out until he came. When he came out, he told to the children of Israel the words which Yahweh had commanded him.
Your servant loved the stones of Zion, And spared the dust of it.
A fool's displease will immediately be revealed, But a prudent man will secretly hide his shame.
I have obeyed your precepts in my heart. I delight in all these words.
You returned, and wept before Yahweh: but Yahweh didn't listen to your voice, nor inclined his ear toward you.
how much more, when Christ is a God without blemish through the Spirit, who didn't give his own blemish, and his blood no more to cleanse us from the works of death, to serve the living God?
When he had made an end, he took the garment off of him, and wrapped it in his own clothing, and brought it out to crucify him.
Behold, there shall be a king according to righteousness, and princes according to justice.
I turned, and considered who I should look at, and who I should speak. I wondered at the seven golden lampstands.
Because they have forsaken me, and have burned incense on other gods, and have provoked me to anger with the work of their hands; therefore my wrath is poured down on this place.
For he will deliver you from the snares of the birds, From the plagues of the birds.
but let his root leave it on the earth, and bind him with the iron and with the brass rings, and let him be wet with the dew of the sky in the fruitful field, and let him be wet with the dew of the sky, and let him be left with the animals of the earth in the pastures of the earth.
We are beaten, we are shut up, and are in prison. We are in trouble with the nations. We have labored, we have not slept, neither eaten.
Thus shall Babylon fall to the slaughter of Israel; and all her slain shall fall to Babylon.
Rehoboam went to Shechem; for all Israel came to Shechem to make him king.
Is the flesh uncircumcised, and the flesh uncircumcised? For you have a book of the law, and circumcised, but not after the law.
He said this because he saw his glory, that he had something to say about him.
He brought them into the holy border, into the right mountain which he had gotten with his right hand.
He made the boards of the tent, twenty boards on the south.
They plot evil in their heart. They always gather themselves together to fight.
For the king's word has authority. Who can say to him, What have you done?
They said to him, Teacher, will you come near to the Jews to stone you?
Your enemies roar in the roaring of your house. They set up their banners.
I consider in my sleep, And my sleep is glad.
A good report comes from afar, Like a man who drinks with the water of his thirst.
We know that if God doesn't listen to the prayer of sinners, but God listens to the prayer of God, to do his will.
But he was carried away captive. His little ones were dashed in the head of the streets. They cast lots for his honorers, and all his mighty ones were bound in fetters.
The taskmasters of the people went out, and their officers, and said to the people, Thus says Pharaoh, I have gathered no more of the wheat.
It happened after Jephthah, that Ibzan the Bethlehemite judged Israel.
So Yahweh sent an angel into the camp of the king of Assyria, and destroyed all the mighty men of valor, and all the captains of the army: and the king of Assyria covered himself with shame, and went to his own land, into the house of his god; and his sons killed him there with the edge of the sword.
In the first year of Darius king of Media, I stood up, and strengthened him.
He shall dwell in that city until the death of the high priest who stood before the congregation, and he shall return and return to his city, and to his people, whom he fled from there.
You shall not increase, nor diminish, any of your words which I command you, that you may keep the commandments of Yahweh your God, which I command you.
I will bless him, and I will give you a son: and I will bless him, and he shall be the mother of the nations; and the king of the nations shall come forth from him.
Let your cities be in the dust of our feet, and we will be desolate: but know that the Kingdom of God is at hand.
When you see it, your heart rejoices. Your bones will be watered as the tender grass. The hand of Yahweh will be revealed to his servants. He will also be angry with his enemies.
I will make you a desolation and a reproach among all the nations that are round about you, that those who pass by may see it with their eyes.
one golden ladle of ten shekels, full of incense;
But the high places were not taken away: the people still sacrificed and burnt incense in the high places.
Therefore it happened, when the God of Abraham had spoken against the house of Jacob, that he said, Jacob shall not be disappointed any more, neither shall his face be changed.
It happened, when we rose up and were ashamed, that we went over to do no such thing: but if any man boasts, it is a fool who speaks, and I do.
Samuel took one of the milk lambs, and burnt the whole rams for a burnt offering to Yahweh: and Samuel cried to Yahweh for the children of Israel, and Yahweh answered him.
and the weight of gold for every workmanship of gold, and the weight of silver for every workmanship of silver,
I will set my face against you forever, and I will give you to me with righteousness, and with justice, and with loving kindness, and with mercy;
Ephraim has surrounded me with deceit. The house of Israel has surrounded me with deceit. Judah has the dominion of God, and a faithful heart toward the Holy One.
Her young men shall fall in the street; and in that day all her men shall perish, says Yahweh of Armies.
For we know that all the creation is weary and groaning, as the pain of the body is in the flesh.
Have mercy on me, Yahweh, for I am famished. Be merciful to me, Yahweh, for my bones tremble.
Gilead isn't sinning? They are deceitful. They offer the calves for a sacrifice in Gilgal. Their altars are like the clefts of the field.
Peter said to him, Your money is cut off, and you are undone; for you think that the gift of God will come with money.
It was in the heart of David my father to build a house for the name of Yahweh, the God of Israel.
Make you water, and be besiege: strengthen your stronghold, and tread on the ground, and repair the bricks.
Called Lot, and said, Where is the man who is here to you, that he should come out, and that he should do as we desire.
He said to him, Tell us, By what authority do you do these things? Who gave you this authority?
I have confidence that the living will not perish from the goodness of Yahweh.
It became a sin; for the people went to Dan, and worshiped before it.
All the gates of the side chambers were toward the residue; one gate toward the north, and another gate toward the south; and the residue of the land round about was five cubits.
The king of Assyria carried the children of Israel captive to Assyria, and put them in the cities of Halah and Harbor, which are by the river Gozan, and of the Medes.
As often as I remember you, I thank my God.
I have put my words in your mouth. I have covered you with the shadow of my hand. I have dug a land. I have said to Zion, You are my people.
You shall put on all of these, and shall not dwell in the household.
and he took honey, and went, and went astray, and came to his father and his mother; and he took honey, and gave them, and they ate; but he didn't tell his father and his mother, that the honey was brought out of the body of the lion.
You know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, how poor you are, that you may be rich to his poverty.
Jesus went out by the way, and a certain man ran and kneeled down before him, and said to him, Good teacher, what shall I do for eternal life?
The young men who spoke to him said, I am sore troubled that I came to Mount Gilboa, and behold, Saul was in his spear; and chariots and horsemen pursued after him.
The drought and the burning of water consume the water, So is Sheol to those who sin.
Bel went down, and Nebo fell on his face; and their idols fell on the animal and on the animal: and now are you burdensome, and are become a weary animal.
Joseph said to them, What have you done? Don't you know, even as I do?
He who carries the best of the flock shall put the wood in the caldron, and make the caldron a bulwark, and put it in its midst.
Yahweh God said to the woman, Surely I will multiply your affliction with a great slaughter, and you shall bring forth your sons in bitterness; and you shall set your husband in order, and he shall rule over you.
They shall build houses, and dwell in them; They shall plant vineyards, and eat their fruit.
Moses and Yahweh were there forty days and forty nights; they didn't eat bread nor drink water: and he wrote on two tables the words of this covenant.
Yahweh said to me in the day that you stood before Yahweh your God, in Horeb, saying, You shall call me a people, and I will cause them to hear my words, that they may live in the day of the world, and learn to fear me, and to teach their children.
For God judges righteously, And he recompenses those who afflict you,
You know that they are against me, Yahweh. Don't forgive their iniquity, neither blot out their iniquity from before you. Destroy them before you. When you are angry, punish them.
Then his voice shook the earth, but now he says, Not only that, but I will also shake the earth, and the heavens will be shaken.
Seeing that you don't walk in your own ways, you don't boast in what you do.
Who shall he teach with wisdom? Who shall understand that which he preaches? Is that how he is weaned, and when he departs from his breasts?
and Nineveh, and the Levites who are in Calah; the city of Levi.
But this is what my lord the king has done, and hasn't said to your servant, Who shall sit on his throne in the room of my lord the king?
Therefore let him who speaks in another language ask what is good.
As he came near, a blind man sat by the road, and begged him.
Thus says Yahweh to this people, They love violence, they don't embrace their feet: therefore Yahweh will not accept them. Now I will remember their iniquity, and punish them for their sins.
Now when the chief priests and the scribes saw the wonders which Jesus had done, they saw the children crying in the temple, Hosanna! The children of David were very angry,
Sarah, my master's wife, was old and bore a son to my master, and all that my master had gave to this son.
In the midst of the nations he spoke of his glory, In the midst of the peoples he spoke of his wondrous works.
Wisdom is before the eyes of a man of understanding. The eyes of fools are on the ends of the earth.
In the days of Ahasuerus (the same Ahasuerus reigned one hundred twenty-seven provinces, from the beginning even to the end of Ethiopia),
that the word of my servant may be fulfilled, and the counsel of my messengers shall be performed; and as for Jerusalem, I said, There is a man of Tikkah; and as for the city of Judah, I said, There shall be built up; and the waste place I will raise up.
Joshua did circumcise them, because of the people who came forth out of Egypt; and all the men who could fight, who went forth out of Egypt by the way, died in the wilderness.
Be strong in your hands. Be strong, for Saul your master is dead, and the house of Judah has anointed me king over them.
The mouth of the righteous is a fountain of life. The mouth of the wicked is covered with violence.
These are those who were sent, the Pharisees.
For all the children of God are better than the world, and our faith is greater than the world.
Outside of the city was a certain priest, who took a calf, and took it, and brought it to the gate of the city, to sacrifice to them with all the people.
When his disciples, James and John, saw it, they said, Lord, do you want us to send a fire down from heaven to destroy them?
He shall keep them always on the pure lampstand before Yahweh.
Shall the lord of the servant give account of his lord's service?
Jesus was faithful in his consecration, as Moses was faithful in the house of God.
Philip began to preach him through the Scriptures.
How can you speak good, you serpents, who are evil-doers? For what is a man's heart full of, And what is a man's mouth able to speak?
English
Her pains are like a light. Out of his hand is a scattering of light. There is his strength.
It was told Jacob, saying, Behold, your son Joseph came to seek you. Israel was afraid to come up, and sat on his bed.
For I will give you discretion and wisdom, that all of your enemies may not contend with one another.
If your mother's brother, or your son's son, or your daughter's daughter, or your daughter's daughter-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-law-in-
Is it lawful for us to see you in the prison when you are sick, or in the prison?'
He recognized the voice of Peter, and said, Rejoice, and don't forget to open the door. He ran and told him, Peter standing at the door.
Joshua said, Know therefore that the living God is in the midst of you, and shall drive out from before you the Canaanite, and the Hittite, and the Hivite, and the Perizzite, and the Girgashite, and the Amorite, and the Jebusite;
It happened on the next day, that the soldiers returned to the camp, and gave the horsemen Paul instead.
Seven days shall you not see the morning light, nor the morning light, nor the morning light, until the morning light.
Jesus said to him, Salvation comes this day to this house, because he is also the son of Abraham.
All the kings of the earth came to see Solomon's face, to hear his wisdom, which God gave in his heart.
It will be no longer long, neither will the world see me any more, but you will see me; for I live, and you will live.
and for the sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five male goats, and five male lambs a year old. This was the offering of Eliab the son of Zeron.
Peter laid his hands on them, and John, and they were filled with the Holy Spirit.
He took the seven angels, the seven trumpets, and ready to blow them.
Moses said to Aaron, Take the censer, and put the fire that is on it on the altar, and put incense therein; bring it quickly to the congregation, and make atonement for them; for great anger is kindled against Yahweh, because the plague is profaned.
The king said, Please let him go to his house, and don't see my face. Absalom went to his house, and didn't see the king's face.
When he heard these things, his face was changed, and his groaning departed from him, because he had much substance.
shall not enter into the land which I swore to you, but Caleb the son of Jephunneh, and Joshua the son of Nun, shall go in.
It happened, when we cried to Yahweh, that he heard our voice, and sent messengers, and brought us up out of Egypt, and we were in Kadesh, which is by you.
But the land of pain didn't dwell in darkness. It was despised in the land of Zebulun and Naphtali, and the way of the sea was given to the Jordan beyond the River, and Galilee of the Gentiles to glory.
For his eyes are on every man's way. They see his steps.
It happened after this, that the angel brought him to Abraham's bosom, and the rich man died, and was buried in him.
When they heard it, they rejoiced, and consented to give him money. He found out what occasion he had, that he might betray him.
Blessed shall you be in the city, And blessed shall you be in the field.
But the queen Vashti would not come, nor listen to the king's commandment of the eunuchs: therefore the king was very angry, and his heart was kindled like fire.
that I may return to my father's house in peace, and Yahweh will be my God;
All the males who are among the priests shall eat them. It is most holy.
So love was perfect among us, that in the day of judgment we might have no fear; for we have life in this world, as in Jesus.
For God has made us servants of the new covenant, which is not written in writing, but in the Holy Spirit; and the writing of the covenant, which is written in writing, will die, but the Holy Spirit will give life.
that you may obey your tradition, and turn away the word of God.
David listened to Yahweh, and struck all the army of the Philistines from Gibeon even to Gezer.
For we were born as foreigners, not Gentiles, but Jews.
But when the husband hears that he has destroyed him, then he shall bear the woman's iniquity.
You are chosen, by the will of God the Father, and by the Holy Spirit, to be holy to Jesus Christ, and to be made holy through his blood. Grace be with you all, and peace be with you all.
Rejoice in your father and mother. Rejoice in your mother.
Behold, this is the joy of his way: afterward another shall come forth out of the land.
His eyes are not forsaken from the righteous, That they may sit with kings forever. They shall be exalted.
David lived in strongholds in the wilderness, and continued in the hill country of Ziph: and Saul sought him every day: but God didn't deliver David into his hand.
There were also three rows of window doors to measure, to measure the weight of it, and three rows of it.
You tribes, choose three men: I will send them away; and they traveled throughout all the land, according to their families, and came to me.
The land will be moved and shaken like a drunken man, and like a bed; and the transgressions are on them, so that they will fall down, and not rise up again.
If God had mercy on us, and had committed this reproach to us, we wouldn't have been displeased any more.
and they shall send your brothers from among the nations, and shall cause their horses, their chariots, and their chariots, and their chariots, and their mules, and their camels, to come up to Jerusalem, my holy mountain, to offer an offering to Yahweh, as the children of Israel have put a clean offering, and they shall offer it in the house of Yahweh, says Yahweh.
The servants of God rose up early in the morning, and saw the army, horses, and chariots besieged the city. They said to him, Woe to us, my lord!
Jesus said to him, Blessed are those who don't see the sword, when you see that I believe.
All the visions came to you as a testimony. They delivered the writing to the other, saying, Read it, and let me hear it. He said, I can't read it, for it is a deed.
Speak to the children of Israel, saying, You shall surely keep my Sabbaths; for this is the sign between me and you, throughout your generations, that you may know that I am Yahweh, who sanctifies you.
So king David sent, and took her from Machir the son of Ammiel the man of Lodebar.
But if God doesn't diminish the days, there is no one saved, but God will diminish the days of his chosen ones.
Of the sons of Hosah, of the sons of Merari, were great, and he was not the firstborn; but their father made him first.
For the Kingdom of God is not by word, but by power.
Now Abphia, my sister, was with Achippus, our elder brother, and with the assembly that is in your house.
and cast their gods into the fire, because they were not God, the work of man's hands, the wood, and the stone; and they destroyed them.
He created from one man every tribe, and gave them to dwell on the surface of all the earth; and he made them a border of years, and of those who lived therein.
For they have forsaken me, and burned incense in other gods, and provoked me to anger with the work of their hands; therefore have I been angry with this place, as the fire has not quenched.
Then Mordecai told him all that was done to him, and all the money that Haman had said he would bring into the king's house, with which he might destroy the Jews;
The captains of the families, and the deputies, and the governors, and the counselors, and the recorders, to appoint a king's chamber, to make a proclamation, even thirty days, to make intercession to the king, that none of the gods, or of those who seek him, may bring him down to the lion.
Behold, this man is like us, says Yahweh God: he is able to discern his form, lest he stretch out his hand again, and eat from the tree of life, and it shall live forever.
You shall bring back the money again, and you shall bring it again to him, and he shall bring it again to you again: it is but rottenness.
My son, behold, there is a voice. Consider it. The scrolls of the book are many, but they are not strong. The scrolls of the book are full, and the flesh is weary.
When we have made known to the king that, if this city is built again, and the wall is built again, then there shall be no portion in the land beyond the River.
But Abishai the son of Zeruiah defended David, and struck the Philistine; and the men of David swore to him at that time, saying, Don't go out with us any more, lest the lamp of Israel be quenched.
Yahweh said, Moab has been in peace from the morning; as the choice wine has not been poured out of this vessel into another vessel, neither has it been taken; for his purpose is not poured out.
When the multitudes saw him, they marveled, and immediately came and greeted him.
All the people were weeping and mourning for the woman who was dead. He said, Don't weep, for she isn't dead, but asleep.
We are no father's father's father. Our mother is like a widow.
Yahweh spoke to Moses and to Aaron, saying,
Caleb the son of Ebed said, Who is Abimelech, and who is Shechem, that we should serve him? Isn't he the son of Jerubbaal? Isn't his captain Zebul? Why should we serve him, that you serve Hamor the father of Shechem?
For Herod knew that John was righteous and holy, and was afraid of him, and that he was guarding him. When Herod heard the words of John, his heart was troubled, and he was glad to hear them.
But they were strengthened, and said, He began to come out of Galilee, and to this day he taught all the country of Judea, and persuaded the people.
When evening was over, he went out outside of the city, both Jesus and his disciples.
He said to the king, Surely I have heard your words in my own land, and in your wisdom.
In the day that he called Lazarus, and raised him from the dead, and all the people who were with him, all the days of his life that he was testifying about.
He magnified himself, and came to the army of the army of the army, and to the army of certain stars, and cast them down to the ground.
The apostles raised the Lord Jesus with a great power, and the multitudes received great favor.
According as they shall teach you of the seed of your ordinances, you shall do according to their ordinances which they shall speak to you; and as they show to you, you shall not turn to the right hand or to the left.
You will understand righteous judgment. You will walk in uprightness, and in all good ways.
The nations are angry, and you are very angry; for the time of the judgment of the dead is come, and your servants, even the prophets, and all the saints, and those who fear your name, are come, both small and great. The time has come for the destroyers of the earth.
Ramoth with its suburbs, Adnem with its suburbs,
Jesus entered into the house, and the blind man came near. Jesus said to them, Do you believe that I can do this? They said to him, Lord, you can.
Now when Sanballat heard that we were building a wall, his anger was kindled greatly, and his great anguish was kindled against the Jews.
Samson said to the Philistines, Because you have done this thing, I will be avenged of you, and will cease.
Some of the tax collectors came to be baptized, and they asked him, Rabbi, what shall we do?
Many gathered themselves together in Jerusalem in the second month, and became a great assembly to keep the feast of unleavened bread.
None of the creeping things that creep on the earth are an abomination. They shall not be eaten.
If he causes the land to be sanctified from the Year of Jubilee, then he shall make a valuation according to your valuation.
Aaron and his sons shall offer an ephah of fine flour for a continual meal offering to Yahweh on the day that he is anointed, even half of it; and half of it shall be in the evening, and half in the morning.
The high priest stood up and said to him, What are these talking about? Why don't you contend?
When all the people heard these things, they marveled, and said to Peter and to the rest of the apostles, What must we do, brothers?
Woe to the wicked, and he shall find trouble, For he shall be repaid according to his ways.
One man, and his neighbor's wife, do abominable things, and some play the prostitute after him, and some defile his sister, his father's daughter, in the midst of you.
wood and oil for the light, spices for the oil, spices for the oil, and spices;
It happened that day, that Moses commanded the people, saying,
Remember this, and behave yourself as a man of rebellious men. Consider it with your heart.
From day to evening they prophesy of their prophets, but they don't prophesy, nor answer, neither do they agree.
The people murmured against Moses, saying, What shall we drink?
The woman said to him, Sir, there is no one. Jesus said, Neither will I condemn you, that you may return, and henceforth you shall no more sin.
Afterward I will pour out my Spirit on all flesh, and your children will be prophets, and your old men will have dreams, and your young men will see visions.
It happened, as often as the king entered into the house of Yahweh, that the guard took the shields, and brought them back, and laid them in the house of the guard.
But if God has made us to enter into his rest, let us have fear in our hearts, lest perhaps there be among you a man who thinks that this is not acceptable.
The Lord Yahweh said, I will command my mountains to send out the sword against Gog; and every man shall kill his brother with his sword.
All the trees of the field shall know, that I, Yahweh, bring down the lofty tree, and set it low, and the green tree withers away, and the dry tree: thus says Yahweh, and so shall I do.
You have redeemed all your wrath. You have caused your wrath to rest.
When the chief baker saw that the dream was good, he said to Joseph, I also see in my dream, and on my head have three baskets of bread.
Therefore God raised up him to the highest, To give him the name of all who are called by name.
The beautiful daughter of Zion is gone away. Her princes are like a deer that doesn't find pasture. They have no strength. They are driven out before those who pursue her.
For you know the grace of God, and of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the peace of the heavens.
Yahweh showed me also four lions.
He spoke a parable to them, saying, A man began to build a vineyard, and a wall, and to build a vineyard, and a vineyard, and a vineyard, and a vineyard, and a vineyard, and to build another place.
A counselor won't prosper, But one who is sanctified will be despised.
Jesus answered them, Faithless men, how long will this generation have? How long will I bear with you? How long will I bear with you? Bring me here the son of a demon.
But your little ones, whom you say shall be carried away captive, I will bring them in, and they shall know that you have forsaken the land.
Listen to these words, for the Son of Man is betrayed into the hands of men.
The Almighty God was dispossessing kings in those days, as Mount Salmon snowed.
Yahweh said to Abram, You shall surely know that your seed shall be strangers in another land, and shall serve the land: and the land shall afflict them four hundred years.
He who remains in Christ doesn't sin, but he who sinns has not seen him, nor known him.
Therefore don't be anxious for tomorrow's sake. Don't be anxious for tomorrow's sake. One day is a day of trouble.
When I returned, behold, there were many trees on the two sides of the river.
Neither did Asher drive out the inhabitants of Ashko, at Sidon, and at Aphekrah, and at Achzib, and at Hikba, and at Aphtek, and at Rehob.
He shall take two birds, and cedar wood, and scarlet, and hyssop, for the clean house.
The prophets shall take hold of them with their hands; but they shall dwell in the king's house.
and in the synagogues he would have sat on high, and sat on the table with great number.
David inquired of Yahweh, and Yahweh said, Arise, go down to Keilah; for I will deliver the Philistines into your hand.
The secret of the heart is revealed, and will fall down and worship God. He says, God is true among you.
and Hukkok with its suburbs, and Rehob with its suburbs,
He made bread of fire. His heart was dim, and he turned aside, and could not save himself; neither could he say, Isn't my right hand a lie?
When he had said this, he showed them his hands and his feet.
He stayed yet seven days, and left the dove, and didn't return.
On the eighth day the king sent the people away; and they blessed the king: for they rejoiced, and rejoiced in their heart, and went every man to his tent, because of all the goodness that Yahweh had sent to David his servant, and to all the goodness of his people Israel.
He said to them, Again, you will hear another parable. A certain vineyard was built in one of the vineyards, around the walls of the walls of the walls of the walls of the walls of the walls of the walls of the walls of the walls of the walls of the walls of the walls of the walls of the walls of the walls of the walls of the walls of the ceiling. He went out, and came out.
Therefore I exhort you to eat. This is your salvation, for there will not one of you be lost.
For the husband, love his own wife as he loves his own body, and love his own wife as he loves himself.
You have done all these things, and have walked in lewdness, says the Lord Yahweh; and you have afflicted your heart with weakness.
A man shall be blessed, because of the fruit of his mouth, And a man according to his work in his hand shall be rewarded.
He who walks blamelessly in righteousness, And he who perverts iniquity.
It shall be, when your eyes shall see your fear in your heart, and your eyes shall say in the morning, It shall not be able this time to darkness;' and in the night, It shall be said, It shall not be able to shine this time.'
The Jews therefore said to him, Tell you, Take up your mat, and walk.' Who is it?
But when I was in Thessalonica, you sent often to my need.
To those who receive him in the name of the prophet, To be partakers of the things of the prophets.
I also will do that which is contrary to you. I will also strike you with seven transgressions because of your sins.
In Israel shall his name be called The house of the unfaithful.
If a man lies with her, he shall not be freed from sexual immorality, neither shall he be freed from sexual immorality; but he shall not be put to death; for the handmaid is not free from sexual immorality.
In that day you shall say, Give thanks to Yahweh, and call on his name, and declare his works among the nations, that his name is exalted.
Now the rest of the acts of Jeroboam, and all that he did, and all his might, how he warred, and how he turned to Damascus and Hamath, which belonged to Judah, to bring them again to Israel; aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
He lies on his bed, and lies in wait for iniquity. He has determined to do evil, and he has not abhorred evil.
It shall happen in that day, says Yahweh, that David shall lie down in the tent, and I will stand on him, and will keep him from falling, and I will build him that which he has broken down, and will build him up, as it was before.
Therefore you shall not see falsehood any more, neither shall you divine it any more: I will save my people out of your hand; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
Absalom stood on the king's side in a pillar while he was yet alive; for he said, I shall not leave my name alone: and he called the pillar of his name Absalom to this day.
The words of a whisperer are like dainty food. They enter into the innermost parts of a man.
The people made Jehoahaz the son of Josiah king in Jerusalem instead of his father.
then will I pluck their roots out of the land which I have given them, and will cast them out from before me in the house that I have consecrated for my name; and I will make him a proverb in the midst of all the nations.
We have seen with our eyes the greatness of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the greatness of his power and of his coming, not as a false report.
The father said to him, You have been with me, my son. Everything that I have is yours.
But God is a fool to the wise, And a scoffer to the weak, And a reproach to the mighty;
But the issue from the handmaid came in the flesh, and the issue from the free woman came out of the promise of God.
Ephraim's drunkenness, his proud crown, will be trampled under his feet.
It happened on one of those days, that Jonathan the son of Saul said to the young men who bore him his armor, Come, and let us go on this side to the camp of the Philistines. But he didn't tell his father.
It happened at the beginning, when God made heaven and earth,
and said to him, Thus says Hezekiah, This day is a day of rebuke and dishonor, a child born as a son; and there is no strength to bring forth.
It happened that day, that Moses wrote this song, and taught the children of Israel with it.
He went before, and saw two brothers, James the son of Zebedee, and John his brother. They were keeping a dream in the boat with Zebedee. He also stoned them, and followed him.
Why are the mighty fallen in the battle? Jonathan was slain in your high places.
The Nazirite cut off his head from off the door of the Tent of Meeting, and put it to himself for a holy door under the fire of the sacrifice of peace offerings.
It shall be, when evening comes on you before their eyes, and you shall put it on your shoulder, and cover your face, until you see the land; for I will make you a sign to the house of Israel.
I love Yahweh, because he hears my words, And hears my supplication.
for Saul, and for Jonathan his son, and for the house of Yahweh, and for the house of Israel, mourning and weeping, and fasting until the evening; for they fall by the sword.
He delivers them into the hands of the nations. Those who hate them rule.
Now the rest of the acts of Manasseh, and all that he did, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
Adah became the father of the tent of those who fed. Adah became the father of the tent of those who fed.
All the chambers were round about the house, twenty cubits broad by twenty cubits.
Then Jesus said to them, Take me swords and clubs, as a robber, or a robber? I sit daily in the temple, and you won't arrest me.
Hiram said, Blessed be Yahweh, the God of heaven and earth, the God of Israel; who has given king David a wise son, and gives him understanding and counsel to build a house for Yahweh, and to build a house for his kingdom.
Now the rest of the acts of Josiah, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
Then came the word of Yahweh to Samuel, saying,
Do all things in the same way, and do all things in the same way.
The lords of the Philistines came to the woman, and said to her, Entice Samson, and see where his might is, and we will encamp against her, and bind her to her; and we will give you each one of us one thousand hundred pieces of silver.
Immediately he went with her, as oxen were slain, And as fools carried away captive to the punishment.
My soul shall boast in Yahweh. The humble shall hear, and be glad.
The Philistines said, What trespass offering shall we give to him? They said to him, Gather five loaves of gold, and five baskets of gold, according to the number of the princes of the Philistines; for so evil is come on you, and on your princes.
In that day the king made a holy place before the court of the house of Yahweh, and offered there the burnt offering, and the meal offering, and the fat of the peace offerings; for Yahweh's altar before was too small for the burnt offering, for the meal offering, and for the fat of the peace offerings.
Fools say that it is not appropriate for a fool to speak falsehood, neither is it appropriate for a man to speak lies against an unfaithful man.
He built cities in the hill country of Judah, and built strongholds and strongholds in the forest.
Though he bear much fruit among his brothers, yet shall a east wind come up out of the wilderness by the wind of Yahweh; and the fountain of it shall be dried up, and his thoughts shall be cut off, and he shall take away all the pleasant jewels of his treasure.
As it is written, There is no righteous man, No sword.
Though he hides his hatred with deceit, His wickedness shall be uncovered before the assembly.
So they went and spyed out the land, from the wilderness of Zin even to the entrance of Rehob, even to the entrance of Hamath.
then see our face, and the faces of the young men who eat the king's dainties, and do to your servants as you see.
Yahweh is gracious and merciful. He is slow to anger and great in loving kindness.
When he had risen up, he took Mary, as the angel commanded him, and became his wife.
You shall not eat of it from the mouth of the earth until the skin of it, in all the days of your separation, and in all the fruit of the vine.
He made two rings of gold for it, and put them under the molding underneath, for a covering on the two ends of the altar, on the two ends of it; and the rings were for poles for poles, to carry the altar.
Praise him, all his angels! Praise him, all his army!
Didn't I tell my lord what I did when Jezebel killed all the prophets of Yahweh? I put one hundred prophets of Yahweh in the cave, and fifty in the cave, and fed them with bread and water.
At that time he filled the Holy Spirit with joy, and said, Father, Lord of heaven and earth, I praise you, for you have covered up those things from the wise and wise, and have brought them out of the little ones who are little. Father, behold, it is for you to be glad.
He gave to him all the vessels of gold, and the vessels of gold, and the vessels of gold, and the vessels of gold, which Yahweh had given to the house round about, according to all that he had gotten out of the holy Spirit;
You shall bake you in the place which Yahweh your God shall choose, and eat it; and you shall return to your tent on the morning.
Their sight was falsehood, and a lying divination: and they said, This is what Yahweh has spoken: whereas Yahweh didn't send them to be prophets, yet they looked for the word to be fulfilled.
But I knew that you were the vine of the princes, and that it is very grievous. How is it that you have turned to me another evil vine?
Therefore don't judge before the hour comes. When the Lord comes, he will bring out the hidden secret with the light, and the hidden secret in the way of his heart. Everyone will be praised by God at that time.
The thighs of the lifted up thigh, and the breasts of the wave offering, they shall bring with them the fat of the offering of fire, and shall wave them for a wave offering before Yahweh: it shall be yours, and your sons' portion forever, as Yahweh commanded.
For the famine's sake, we took our fields, our vineyards, and our houses, and brought them up for grain.
Every holy thing that any man dedicates shall be the priest's. Every priest shall be the priest's.
This also is the sin of the judges, who are to be punished; for I am a God of disobedience.
In the seventh month, in the tenth day of the month, you shall have a holy convocation; you shall afflict your heart, and shall do no work.
A basket was given to him, whose name was Lazarus, and his body bore and all the boil, lying at the door of the rich man's house.
Jesus answered them, Rabbi, what about me? My time has not yet come.
For Israel will dwell in its own place day by day without prince, without prince, without prince, without priests, without pillars, without priests, and without idols in the house.
The gate between the side chambers was on the right side of the house, and it went up from the left side to the left, from the middle even to the third.
Now the chief priests and the Pharisees had a commandment, that if anyone knows where Jesus is, let them bring him up, that they may take him.
I have left my eyes and my heart troubled with fasting, but this has made me a reproach to all men.
and said to them, Don't let the captives come in here; for that which you seek to do is to make us sin against Yahweh, and to increase our iniquity and our disobedience; for great is our disobedience, and the wrath of God is on Israel.
If you say in your heart, These nations are greater than I, why am I dispossessed of them?
When they heard the words of Herod, they departed; and behold, the star in the east, and behold, the way before them came to the child, they stood on it.
Praise Yah! Sing to Yahweh, you new, And praise him in the assembly of the saints!
He said, If the Syrians are too mighty for me, come and help me. If the children of Ammon are too mighty for you, then I will help you.
For though there arise a man to pursue after you, and to seek your life, yet my lord's life shall be wrapped in the wrappings of Yahweh your God, and the life of your enemies shall Yahweh bring them out, as from the cords.
But if I boast, I am not without understanding; for I will speak in truth; but if I have bound myself, I will not cause men to judge me, above all that he sees and hears.
If it is so, how much more will it be done to those who trample on the Son of God, who sanctify themselves to the blood of the Lord, and who dishonor the Holy Spirit?
twelve bulls, twelve rams, twelve male lambs a year old, twelve male goats, and twelve male goats a year old, offering the sin offering with them;
I know your doings. Behold, I have opened before you a door of faith, and no one can shut it. I know that you only have a little strength, but have kept my word, and have not denied my name.
Thus did Moses; as Yahweh commanded him, so he did.
They took the seven bulls, and the seven rams, and the seven lambs, and the seven male goats, to sacrifice for the land, for the sanctuary, and for Judah. The king commanded the priests the sons of Aaron to offer them up on the altar of Yahweh.
He shall put it there; and he shall read it all the days of his life, that he may learn to fear Yahweh his God; and he shall keep all the words of this law, and all the statutes, and do them.
Jesus said to him, If any of the dead who are sanctified of those who are dead in the flesh bury them, let them preach the Good News of the Kingdom of God.
He sent to his father the purple garment, and said, We have found this garment. Please see whether it isn't your son's garment.
They flatter, And speak evil in words. They speak great things.
Let them be disappointed and shamed who seek after my soul. Let them turn their backs to the destruction of my soul.
Now, behold, my testimony is in heaven. My defense is on high.
I thought, while I yet lived, I ought to remind you always.
For if death is not in the spirit, faith is not in death.
Saul arose, and took three thousand chosen men of Israel, and went down into the wilderness of Ziph, to seek David in the wilderness of Ziph.
When her mother-in-law saw that she was determined to go with her, she said no more to her.
This is a sweet ointment that can't afford much to save the poor.
Now, my God, look at me. Listen, and pray in this place.
Zedekiah was twenty-one years old when he began to reign; and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Hamutal the daughter of Jeremiah of Libnah.
For your arrows send forth lightning, Your spear flashes of lightning, The sun and the moon stand in its place.
You have taken captive the prisoners, and you have taken your inheritance away; for you know that it is a better and enduring inheritance for yourselves.
Moses the servant of Yahweh sent me from Kadesh Barnea to spy out the land. I was forty years old when I began to call it word again in my heart.
Our sons were as great as the trees in the days of our youth; and our daughters were like the pillars of the corner, according to the pattern of the king's house.
Samson answered, If a man binds me with a new rope, and doesn't know it, then I will be weak as another man.
He touched their eyes, and said to them, In your faith you will inherit it.
then he divided his men into three companies, and laid themselves in the field, and saw the men of Shechem coming out of the city, and rose up against them, and killed them.
So they went up, and took the stone, and lifted it up, and hanged it on the guard.
It happened after this, that a certain man in Asto saw Philip preaching in every city, and came to Caesarea.
After the tent you shall make six boards, which are the face of the tent.
For God didn't give you the grace to believe in Christ, but that you might suffer for him,
For as we walk after the flesh, in the lust of our flesh, in the lust of our flesh, in the lust of our flesh, in the fruit of death.
This is the portion of the wicked from Yahweh. This is the inheritance of the terrible from the Almighty.
Speak to the children of Israel, and tell them, When you come into the land which I give you, then shall the land keep Yahweh's rest.
As a demon was driven out, the mute man began to speak, and the multitudes marveled, saying, We have not seen in Israel anything like this.
He who denies me and doesn't receive my words, there is a judge who will judge him. The word that I say will judge him at the end of the day.
Then will I turn the words of the peoples into cleanness, that they may call on the name of Yahweh, and serve him with all their heart.
But all that is devoted to Yahweh forever, from whom men offer forever and ever, whether man or animal, or land of his possession, shall not be sold, neither shall it be redeemed: his offering shall be most holy forever to Yahweh.
Therefore tell the house of Israel, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: This I have done not for your sake, but for my holy name's sake, which you have profaned among the nations, house of Israel.
The rain came, and the waters came, and the wind blew, and beat on the house, and the house was not fallen; for the firm foundation was on the rock.
He put unleavened baskets before Yahweh, and took one loaf of bread, one cake of oil, and one loaf of bread,
Moses did so with Eleazar the priest, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
Therefore I will save my flock from being a prey, And will judge between sheep and sheep.
You shall kill the ram in the place of the sanctuary, where the sin offering and the burnt offering are killed; and the trespass offering shall be for the priest as the sin offering, and as the most holy.
Now before the lamp of Yahweh was quenched, behold, Samuel was asleep in the house of Yahweh, at the ark of the covenant of Yahweh.
The world hates you, and they hate me; For I hate their wickedness all my time.
Abram took the tent, and came to Hebron, and lived in the oaks of Mamre: and he built an altar there to Yahweh.
Joshua took Makkedah that day, and struck them with the edge of the sword, and with the king of them; and he utterly destroyed the man who was therein; he left none remaining: he did to the king of Makkedah as he had done to Jericho the king.
Elkanah her husband said to her, Hannah, why do you weep? Why don't you eat bread? Why do you mourn? Aren't I from you better than ten sons?
But if you must go, be strong and strong, and Yahweh will make you fall before your enemies; for Yahweh has power to help, and he will overthrow.
Let my lips sing praises, For you have taught me your statutes.
Their horses are swifter than the morning, and they are swifter than the evening. They are large in order, and the horsemen come from afar. They fly as eagles to eat.
Therefore Yahweh's anger was kindled in the land, and he brought down on it all the curses that are written in this book.
and tell them, Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: Behold, I will call Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon my servant: and on the stones that are on which they are hid I will set his throne; and he shall spread his beautiful tent on them.
All the people were as nothing before him, That he should see nothing altogether, that it was nothing.
Moses, Aaron, and all the princes of the congregation, took of the sons of Kohath according to their families,
Now it happened on the Sabbath day, that he was teaching in one of the synagogues.
Yahweh has given great salvation to his king, To him who was anointed with loving kindness to David and to his seed forever.
They sought counsel, and set a barricade for the righteous, that they might put him in the word of Jesus, and deliver him to the governor, to do the duty of an ephah.
The children of Israel buried him from the bones of Egypt, which they had brought to Joseph, in the land of Shechem, which Jacob bought with one hundred pieces of silver out of the inheritance of the children of Hamor, Shechem's father; and they became the children of Joseph's children.
For you are a holy people to Yahweh your God. Yahweh your God has chosen you out of all the peoples of the earth, to be his own people.
But God is able to rule. He brings it down, and raises it up.
Abraham buried Sarah his wife in the cave of Machpelah, which is before Mamre, in the land of Canaan. Mamre was Hebron.
Don't let your anger stir up you up, so that you don't defy yourself. Don't go the way because of the redemption.
All the people ate, and were filled. They gathered up seven baskets full of broken pieces.
Therefore I am upright in all your precepts, And hated all the evil ways.
Gird up your waist like a man. I will ask you. Answer me.
My soul will not live, but I will speak out of my murmurings. I will speak in the anguish of my heart.
When that day comes, pray in my name. I tell you, I will beg you for my Father's sake.
then the congregation shall judge him according to these ordinances, between the slain and the avenger of blood.
If you have a strong faith in the Lord, We certainly have a living.
The breastplate shall be toward the east, and afterward the length of it shall be a prey, and the breadth of it a prey.
But where can wisdom be found from? Where is the place of understanding?
Because of the Chaldeans, because Ishmael the son of Nethaniah killed Gedaliah the son of Ahikam, whom the king of Babylon had made governor over the land, they were afraid.
Though I commit righteousness, my own mouth shall condemn me. Though I perform it, he will show my integrity.
For every one of you hastened to eat of his own things, and has hunger and drunkenness.
He brought me back to the gate of the sanctuary eastward: and the gate was shut.
Don't rejoice over all the land of the Philistines, because they have broken your rod: for they shall bring forth serpents out of the serpents, and they shall bring forth serpents out of the serpents; and they shall bring forth serpents out of the serpents.
Elisha looked steadfastly at him, so that he was ashamed. The man of God gave him tears.
Their eyes were opened, and he said to them, See now, don't let anyone know about this.
Now I beg you, brothers, to pray to God through the love of our Lord Jesus Christ and the Holy Spirit,
Don't be afraid of them, for Yahweh your God is in the midst of you, a great and awesome God.
He is Yahweh our God. His judgments are in all the earth.
They uncovered his nakedness, and struck him with the edge of the sword, and took his sons and his daughters, and gave him a name among the women, because they had executed judgments on him.
How long shall my soul be grieved all the day long? shall my adversary be exalted above me?
The priest shall burn them on the altar of burnt offering.
Yahweh spoke to Jeremiah, that he should go down into the house of the king of Judah;
You shall make basins of brass; and the base of it you shall make of brass, to wash them in. You shall put them in the midst of the tent of meeting, and in the midst of the altar, in water.
I went before the spring gate and the king's pool; but there was none there that would allow me to ride on it.
David said, As Yahweh lives, Yahweh will strike him, and he will die the day of his death, or he will die the battle.
Now the rest of the acts of Rehoboam, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
For this I will put the sufferings of the sons of David on forever.'
Don't be ashamed of the words of sexual immorality, or of sexual immorality, but of giving thanks to God.
Before he heard it, he answered, His folly and his shame.
Either a garment or a skin shall be defiled with water, and they shall be washed with water, and be unclean until the evening.
There is no disobedience in those who keep silence, But the tongue is wise.
The lord said to them, This is what the enemy does.' The laborer said, Why then do you want us to hide the darnel from you?'
All the cities of Aaron's sons which he possessed were thirteen cities with their suburbs.
Yahweh has made the earth with great power, And with wisdom has he established the world, And with understanding has he stretched out the heavens.
Don't be afraid of the fear of the king of Babylon.' Yahweh said, Don't be afraid of him; for I am with you, and I will save you from his hand.
You shall do no manner of work: it shall be a statute forever throughout your generations in all your dwellings.
The false prophets are of the world, and speak the world. Therefore the children of men listen to them.
He will cut off all the horns of the wicked. The horns of the righteous shall be lifted up.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies: I was very zealous for Zion; I was zealous for her, and angry with her.
I will give you hidden treasures and hidden treasures, that you may know that I, Yahweh, and the God of Israel, have called you.
This testimony is that God has given us eternal life, life from his Son.
This came forth from Israel, the work of the builders, and he is not God. The calves of Samaria will in no way be broken in pieces.
Is there much more vanity, And what profit is there to a man?
Blessed be Yahweh your God, who delights in you, and makes you sit on his throne, to reign over Yahweh your God; for your God loves Israel, and he loves him forever: therefore make you king over them, that you may do justice and righteousness.
Why do you cry out for your wounds? There is no healing for your pains; for your iniquities are great, and there are many iniquities; therefore have I dealt with you.
They had men who danced, and drew a river, and said, Saul has slain thousands of them. David has slain ten thousand of them.' Isn't this David?
He sees the earth, and the earth trembles. He touches the mountains, and the mountains smoke.
In the seventh month, Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, the son of Elisha, king of the earth, was he; and he was a king's spirit, and brought ten men to Mizpah, to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam. They ate at Mizpah.
Lift up your eyes, and see the four winds; and they shall gather themselves together to you: your sons shall come from afar; and your daughters shall be carried away.
He who has the plague of leprosy, his clothing shall be torn, and his hair shall be broken in pieces, and his lips cover him; and he shall cry out, saying, It is unclean and unclean.'
Moses and Aaron did so, and all the congregation of the children of Israel; and all that Yahweh commanded Moses concerning the Levites, so the children of Israel did.
His venom shall be cut off. His confidence is desolate.
God destroyed the land after the end of seven tribes of the land of Canaan, and gave it to them for an inheritance, about four hundred fifty years.
Your eyes have seen you this day, and behold, you are this day in the midst of the cave, and Yahweh has delivered you into my hand: and they have called me to kill you; but I have loved you, and I have said, I will not stretch out my hand on my lord, because he is Yahweh's anointed.
He gave them authority over certain things.
We make a statute for ourselves. We make a statute for each man, year by year, in the third part of a shekel, for the service of the house of our God,
Paul went down to his feet, and fell on his face, and fell on him, and fell on him, and said to him, Don't be grieved, for he is yet alive.
I asked him, What is the interpretation of the two branches of the olive tree, of the golden bowls that flow out of two golden bowls?
He fills the thick clouds with wrath, And scatters lightning out of the cloud.
Then the Gentiles, the Jews, and their rulers conspired against the apostles, to stone them.
But if they don't pass over armed with you, then they shall possess it out of the midst of you in the land of Canaan.
Therefore thus says Yahweh, As touching the prophets who prophesy in my name, I have not sent them; yet have they spoken the land that can't be swordd, nor the famine, nor the prophets that can't be swordd, nor the famine.
He who loves the pure in heart speaks graciously, But he will be his friend.
He will enter into the glorious land, and will overthrow it with a great multitude; but Edom, Moab, and the nobles of the children of Ammon will escape out of his hand.
But as for me, the secret shall be revealed to me, not because I know wisdom more than all who live, but because I am able to make known to the king the interpretation of it; and that your understanding may be known to you.
So I went, and did according to the word of Yahweh, and went and bought a belt, and girded it with my waist.
It happened in the days of king Josiah, that Yahweh said to me, Have you seen what backsliding Israel has done? He went up onto the high mountains, and played the prostitute in all the green trees.
For in the day when God knows that you eat, your eyes will be opened, and you will be like God.
For he who first chooses, and first appoints them to be his Son's likeness, that his Son may be his firstborn among many brothers.
Thus says the king, Blessed be Yahweh, the God of Israel; for he has given me a man to sit on my throne this day, and I have seen it with my eyes.
Moreover you sent messengers to those who were far off: and when the messengers came to them, behold, they came; and you washed your flesh, and covered your eyes, and dressed yourselves with purple.
Say you to them, As I live, says Yahweh, Thus will I do to you in the words that you have caused me to hear.
Now I am going to him who sent me. None of you will ask me, Where are you going?'
All the people answered with one accord, All that Yahweh has spoken will we do. Moses brought the word of the people to Yahweh.
The king of Israel called for all the elders of the land, and said to them, Behold, this man seeks evil against me. He sent to me, and I didn't send him all the time, neither my wife, nor my children, nor my silver, nor my silver.
The stars of the morning sing together at that time. All the children of God shouted with joy.
Therefore the inhabitants of it tremble exceedingly, they are dismayed and confounded; they are as the grass of the wilderness, and as the green herb, as the grass on the housetops, as the herb that doesn't grow in the field.
Strength and majesty are his. He works peace on high.
Abijah put forty thousand chosen men in array, all of them valiant men of good courage; and Jeroboam put in array the mighty men of valor, even eighty-two thousand men.
Those who come to you as an abomination, you shall not eat of their flesh; and those who die shall be an abomination.
So David gave Ornan the weight of gold of the six hundred shekels that were on the earth.
Remember the word which your servant promised you, For you gave me hope.
Jesus said to God, I will declare your name to my brothers, and will praise your name before the assembly.
The priest shall burn them on the altar for an offering made by fire to Yahweh, a trespass offering.
Son of man, prophesy against the mountains of Israel, and say, Hear the word of Yahweh, you mountains of Israel.
I fed you with the kodder, and with the rottenness, and with the increase of your fields, and with the increase of your vineyards, and with the fig trees, and with the olive trees; yet you didn't return to me.
The fear of Yahweh was at that time with him, saying, Yahweh has turned his ear to hear, and a book of memorial has been written before him for the fear of Yahweh, and for the memory of his name.
Come to me, and help me. Let us go and strike Gibeon; for he has made peace with Joshua, and with Israel.
He set garrisons in the land of Edom; and all the Edomites became subject to David: and Yahweh gave victory to David wherever he went.
and the fattened bull, and the fattened bull, and the fattened bull, and the fattened bull, and the fatlings, and the fatlings, and the fatlings, and the fatlings,
It happened, when Moses was forty years old, that he sought to see the house of his brother Israel.
Yahweh, the God of Israel, there is no god in heaven or in the earth, as you have kept the covenant, and walked in love with your servants, who walk before you with all their heart.
The fruit of the vine shall not fail, neither gather the fruit of the vine, but shall be for the poor, and for the foreigner: I am Yahweh your God.
They shall be your ministers, and they shall be ministers of the Tent, but shall not come near to the sanctuary, nor to the altar, that they not die with you.
The first house was forty cubits high.
Don't you know that we were all baptized into Christ Jesus, to be baptized into death with him?
The king said, Where are your master's sons? Ziba answered the king, Yet he is in Jerusalem; for he said, Israel will restore me the kingdom of my father this day.
The sand that brings forth the light shall be turned into a pool of water; and the dry land shall become a well of water: in the place where the jackals lie, there shall be green grass, reeds, and ostriches.
Greet one another with a holy kiss. All the assemblies of Christ greet you.
He broke down the abominations of his Ammah, Maacath, because he had made an abomination for Asherah. Asa cut down his image, and burnt it up by the brook Kidron.
Yahweh said to Moses, Don't be afraid of them; for I have given him into your hand, and all his multitude, and all his land: do to him as you did to Sihon king of the Amorites, who dwell in Heshbon.
Jesus answered them, You have said it, but I tell you that you will see the Son of Man sitting on the right hand of the Almighty, sitting in the clouds of the sky.
In the second year of Asa king of Judah began Nadab the son of Jeroboam to reign over Israel, and reigned two years in Israel.
You have seen it, Yahweh, and have seen it; for it is evil and grievous: you search and requite with your hand: the help of the helpless is on you, and you always help the fatherless.
Most assuredly I tell you, there is none better than John the Baptizer, whom no woman has, than he who is least in the Kingdom of Heaven, and is greater than he.
But if it happens suddenly that he is struck, then he mocks those who have no sin, and is tempted.
and you shall teach your children these things, whether you sit in your house, or if you walk by the way, or if you lie down, or if you rise up;
He will deal graciously with the wicked, and he will not learn righteousness; He will do unrighteousness in the place of uprightness, And will not regard the majesty of Yahweh.
Nabal answered David's servant, and said, Who is David? and who is the son of Jesse? Many of his servants came near, and rebelled against his master.
It happened, because you rebelled against God, that the Spirit died.
The screen of the gate of the court was made of embroidered work, of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen, twenty cubits long, and five cubits high, and the hangings of the court.
Moses said, These people who are with me are sixty thousand who walk in the way, and you have said, I will give them flesh to eat, that they may be filled with one month.'
As reapers reap the harvest, And reap the harvest with their hands, And as men glean in the valley of Rephaim.
When he came to him, he commanded him to be bound with two chains of iron: and he asked of whom he was, what was the work.
Ben Hadad and the kings drank wine in the Tent, and when they heard these words, they said to his servants, Come near to battle! They set themselves in array against the city.
I will also go through many empty months. I will also be appointed by night and by night.
God was forty years angry with men. Didn't those who sinned die in the wilderness?
It happened after these things, that God tried Abraham, and called him, and said, Abraham! He said, Here I am.
Yahweh spoke to Aaron, saying,
I have covenanted with you like my father, and like your father, that now I will give you a present of silver and gold, and that you may break the covenant between you and Baasha king of Israel, and that he may depart from me.
No, it isn't so with the wicked; It is as chaff that the wind sweeps away.
For yet a little while, and I will walk in that same way, and I will return no more.
Therefore tell the children of Israel, I am Yahweh; and I will bring you out of the burden of the Egyptians, and I will deliver you out of the abominations which they give you; and I will redeem you with the outstretched arm and with the outstretched judgment.
Yahweh answered his people, Behold, I will fill you with grain, new wine, and oil; and I will no more make you a reproach among the nations.
They couldn't answer them any more. They couldn't speak.
For I have declared to you the will of God.
All the army of the children of Reuben, and of the children of Gad, and of the half-tribe of Manasseh, who were on the east side of the Jordan, who were armed with weapons of war, were twelve thousand.
You husbands also, be with your wives, and be with them as one who is weak: honor them, for they also are equal with you in the gift of life. So your prayers will not be unfruitful.
Some of them who were possessed by demons, or who had been sick, were with him, and some of them were Mary Magdalene. From this Mary he drove out seven demons.
so that they will not gather wood out of the field, nor cut wood out of the forest; for they shall kindle a fire with the weapons, and take the spoilers, and take the prey from them, says the Lord Yahweh.
but didn't inquire of Yahweh; therefore Yahweh killed him, and gave his kingdom to David the son of Jesse.
For this cause I hear that you have faith in the Lord Jesus, and love all the saints,
By faith, Moses didn't fear the king's anger, but departed from Egypt. As he saw God whom no one saw, so he was strong, and didn't turn back.
For as Eba has deceitfully defiled by her deceit, and I fear that your thoughts will be deceived, and that they will be forsaken in the integrity of Christ.
Noah did so, and did according to all that Yahweh commanded him.
He said to him the third time, Simon, son of Jonah, do you love me more than these? He said to him, Lord, you know all that I love you, for you know that I love you. Jesus said to him, Feed my sheep.
Behold, all the labor of the people is burned with fire, and the labor of the nations to the end of hunger isn't all of them brought forth out of Yahweh of Armies?
It shall happen, when they shall say, Arise, and come to us; then let us go up; for Yahweh has delivered them into our hand, and this word shall be a sign to us.
and that all the multitudes may know that Yahweh doesn't save by the sword, nor by the spear; for the battle is in Yahweh, and he will deliver you into our hand.
Behold, a voice comes out of heaven like a great wind, filled with the multitude of their houses.
In the thirty-ninth year of Azariah king of Judah began Menahem the son of Gaddi to reign; and he reigned ten years over Israel in Samaria.
You shall be ministers of the sanctuary, and servants of the altar, that you not be angry, and come to the children of Israel.
These three were the sons of Noah; and they were filled from their children's children with all the earth.
neither shall you steal, but shall make known the tenth part of it, that you may teach in every way the glory of our God and Savior.
A time in the street, a time in a large place, And a time in the marketplaces.
You shall cast away your enemies from before you; and they shall fall by the sword before you.
Joshua struck the king Amalek with the edge of the sword, and all his people.
Now therefore hear, you rich men; for your calamity is at hand, and you mourn, and weep.
Saul said, I have sinned, and though it be so, please let me return with you before the elders of my people, and before the children of Israel, that I may worship Yahweh your God.
When the nations heard these things, they rejoiced greatly, and praised the word of God, and everyone who was chosen by God for eternal life became a believer.
Then all the people passed over the Jordan, and the king passed over: and the king kissed Barzillai, and blessed him; and he went to his place.
But when I receive, I pray to Yahweh, you. Answer me, God, according to your loving kindness, and according to your faithful salvation.
He came before the king's gate; for those who were clothed could not enter into the king's gate.
Jesus said to them, He who sent me did the will of him who sent me, and did his work, even my food.
As it is written, I am well pleased with Jacob, and not with Esau.
Behold, the synagogues of Satan are about Jews, yet not they are liars. I will bring them down before your feet, and make them know that I love you.
Then the king lifted up his rod toward Esther; and Esther stood before the king, and said,
Joshua set up a stone of twelve in the midst of the Jordan, where the priests who bore the ark stood: and to this day the stones were still there.
God is faithful. He called you to himself, and to his Son, and to Jesus Christ our Lord.
Yahweh said to Moses, I will blot out the memory of Amalek from under the whole sky. Write it for a memorial in the book, and let Joshua hear it.
He said, Take a little morsel, and come. He took the morsel, and cast it in the pot, and said, Come out, let them eat. The pot is not clean.
Those who labor in this city for the sake of riches, because they are afraid to see the affliction of this city; therefore they stand afar off mourning and weeping.
For there is a great multitude of dreams, a multitude of words, and vanity therein; but fear God.
When the wine was drunken, his mother said to him, They have no wine.
For we look for peace, but we don't find prosperity; for there is a time to look for it, but trembling.
The fig tree answered, Shall I leave my sweet and pleasant fruit, and go and wave it on all the trees?
You have answered me in my ways which I have spoken. Teach me your statutes.
If any man sins unwittingly, then he shall offer a male goat a year old for a sin offering.
Isn't this Hezekiah who destroyed the high places of Yahweh, and his altars, who commanded Judah and Jerusalem, saying, Worship you thereon before this altar, and burn incense thereon?
But he didn't regard angels, but the children of Abraham.
There were eight boards, and their sockets of silver, two sockets under each board.
In the fourth month, in the ninth day of the month, there was a severe famine in the city, so that there was no bread for the people of the land.
Jesus, perceiving in his heart that his disciples were perplexed about this matter, said to them, Is it because of you these words?
Yahweh will deal with them as he did with the two kings of the Amorites whom he destroyed, Sihon and Og, and their land.
Rehoboam took eighteen wives, and sixty concubines; and he bore twenty-eight sons and sixty daughters; but he loved Maacah, Absalom's daughter, more than all his wives and his concubines.
Declare you in Judah, and publish in Jerusalem, saying, Blow the trumpet in the land, and shout, Gather yourselves together, that we may enter into the fortified cities.
where you will serve the gods of the hands of men, which are made of wood or stone, which can't be seen, nor heard, neither ate, nor smelled.
It happened at the evening before the fugitive came, that the hand of Yahweh was on me, and he opened my mouth; and at the morning the man came to me, and my mouth opened, and I didn't mute.
David danced with his hand before Yahweh: and David girded with a linen ephod.
Let all the earth sing aloud to Yahweh. Sing aloud to him with joy!
A voice cried in the wilderness, Make ready the way of the Lord, Make straight his paths.
But I have told you these things, that you may be remembered in due season, and I have told you. I didn't tell you these things at the first, but I was with you.
He burned incense to himself before day to minister to the Baals; and he put away his ears, and other vinegar, and went after his beloved, and forgot me: therefore will I do them, says Yahweh.
The Philistines pursued after Saul and his sons; and the Philistines killed Jonathan, and Abinadab, and Malchishua, Saul's sons.
For the idols of the house speak falsehood. The divination of divination. They speak falsehood. Therefore they go astray like sheep, And suffer for lack of shepherds.
David said, Yahweh, the God of Israel, your servant knows for sure that Saul wants to come to Keilah, to destroy this city for my sake.
Why have you brought us forth out of Egypt to this evil place? There is no place to sow, nor figs, nor grapes, nor pomegranates, nor water to drink.
Behold, now therefore, they have requited us, and have cast us out of your inheritance, which you have given us to inherit.
So they took him, and cast him into the dungeon. The well was dry, and there was no water in it.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Therefore let the heart of those who are in us be astonished, but in that which is not in you God will reveal to you this thing also.
You shall say before Yahweh your God, I have given out of my house holy things, and I have given to the Levites, and to the foreigner, and to the fatherless, and to the widow, according to all the commandment which you have commanded me: I have not disobedient nor forgotten all your commandments.
If you offer a lamb's son for a present, you shall offer it before Yahweh.
and the pure lampstand with its lamps, to set it before the oracle, according to the ordinance;
Therefore I will deal with you in this house which is called by my name, and in the land which I gave to you and to your fathers, as I did to Shiloh.
All the living things that Yahweh God has made in the field, the serpent is an astonishment. The serpent said to the woman, Has God said, You shall not eat all the trees of the field?
It happened about that time, that the king of Greece laid his hand on all the assembly that was at hand,
When there is strife in your gates, or if there is blood in your gates, or if there is strife in your walls, or if there is strife in your hearts, or if you don't know how to judge; then you shall arise, and go to the place which Yahweh your God shall choose.
It happened, when I was offering the evening meal, that I arose out of my affliction, and tore off my robes, and fell on my knees, and lifted up my hand toward Yahweh my God, saying,
If it is for them, that I should be forsaken by God that I should be forsaken, I should be forsaken also by Christ.
All the days of his life that he was about to take him away will we take him, that we may judge him according to our own law.
Joshua called then all Israel, their elders, and their heads of fathers' houses, and their judges, and their officers, and all the people, saying to them, I have been an old man many years.
Take heed to those who are shut up, as one shut up with them; and take heed to those who are slandered, as you are to those who are slandered.
Whoever hears the sound of the trumpet, the sword shall consume him, and his iniquity shall be on his head.
The nations shall see your righteousness. The kings shall see your glory. You shall be called by a new name, which Yahweh has called by his mouth.
They shall come near that day from the Assyrian even to the cities of Egypt, from the Egyptians even to the great river, from the sea to the sea, from the mountain to the mountain.
When he heard that Jesus was coming from Judea into Galilee, he begged him that he would go down to Capernaum, for his son was dying.
Now in the days that the fourth angel was freed, he had set his peace, and was about to come in the second month, on that day, and in that year, to kill and murder a third part of the people.
Moreover you also have many builders, and he who struck them, and those who were with them, and those who were with them, to do all kinds of work.
The border shall go down from the ascent of Shephan to Riblah on the east of the Asherim, and shall go down to the east of Chinneroth.
Aha! Consider it! Will he make the potter like a clay? Will he make his Maker, And say, He hasn't made me?' Will he make his work, And he has no understanding?'
He who is not numbered with me is not numbered with you: I am a friend of mine, and a friend of mine.
They struck the cities of Gerar round about, because Yahweh had made them afraid: and they took all their cities; for there was a great spoil in the city.
The third is called Diguris, which is on the east side of Assyria. The fourth is Euphrates.
When he had eaten, Boaz said to him, Come, eat bread, and dip in the loaf of bread. He sat by the reaper's reaper, and gave her the best of the wheat. He ate, and had enough. He arose, and gleaned.
Oh that the salvation of Israel would come out of Zion! Then Jacob would rejoice, and Israel would rejoice, when Yahweh rescued his people from captivity.
Above the pillars were the capitals of brass, five cubits high; and on the top of the capitals were the network and the pomegranates round about: they were of brass; and on the second pillars were the pomegranates.
I will establish the house of Judah, and will save the house of Joseph, and will bring them again; for I have mercy on them; and they shall be as I had not forsaken them: for I am Yahweh their God, I will love them.
My people will live through faith. But if he goes on his way, I don't favor him.
Though there were many stones of gold, yet the lips of knowledge were precious.
If the year is good, and the fruit is good, but it isn't, then you shall cut it down.'
This shall be Aaron and his sons' portion forever from the children of Israel; for it is a wave offering: from among the peace offerings of the children of Israel shall they offer a wave offering to Yahweh.
If a woman lies with her husband, the adulterer and the woman shall be put to death: so shall you put away the evil from the midst of Israel.
Jesus, perceiving their wickedness, said, Why do you test me, you hypocrites?
Thus says Jeremiah to Zedekiah, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Armies, the God of Israel: If you go forth to the slaughter of the princes of the king of Babylon, then your life shall live, and this city shall not be burned with fire, and you shall live, you and all your house.
King David's heart stirred up Absalom to memory; for Amnon was comforted, because he was dead.
These are the things that I have written to you, and I have written to you through my faithful brother Silas, that I may not allow you, and testify that they are the true gift of God. Stand on this grace.
The world is destroyed before Yahweh. The world is full of violence.
You shall take great stones with your hand, and put them before the Jews, and lay them in the midst of the flaming mortar, which is at the door of the king of Pharaoh's house,
Ahijah took the coat that he had put on, and tore it for twelve pieces.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Isaac was old, and his eyes didn't see him: and he called Esau his firstborn, and said to him, My son. Esau answered, Here I am.
Joshua said, Put the great stone to the mouth of the cave, and set the men over against it, and keep it.
Delilah said to Samson, Tell me, where is your strength? why should you bind you, that you may be afflicted?
A teacher of the law stood up and tempted him, saying, Teacher, what shall I do to live forever?
Jonathan took hold of the foot, and went up, and the men who drew his armor followed him; and the Philistines fell before Jonathan, and the men who drew his armor followed him, and killed them.
Depart from evil, and do good. Seek peace with all your heart.
Yet again they tempted the Most High God, and rebelled against him, and didn't keep his testimony.
The sons of the prophets said to Elisha, Behold, we are too faint for your habitation,
It happened, when the days of the feast were fulfilled, that Job sent and called them to sanctify them; and he rose up early and offered burnt offerings according to the number of all the people; for he said, It may be that my son sinned, and that he would break Yahweh in his heart. So Job did.
He said, Be of the heart, and of your mind, and of your strength to love God; and love your neighbor as yourself, rather than offering the burnt offering of your livestock and the sacrifice.
For he has pity, and the woe is removed from all his transgressions: he shall surely live, and not die.
You Lebanon, open your gates, That the fire may devour your cedars.
He shall sprinkle his finger with the blood of it seven times on the altar, and cleanse it from the uncleanness of the children of Israel, and shall sanctify it.
John was not put into prison at that time.
You have carried on the stars of your gods, the stars of Shechut your king, and of Chion your image.
You said that you would destroy the temple, and rise up within three days. Now save yourself. If you are the Son of God, come down from the cross.
In his hand are all the souls of the beast, The sighs of his might.
The king sat on his throne, by the side of the wall: and Jonathan stood: and Abner sat by Saul, and the throne of David was empty.
Then all the tents of the Tent of Meeting were filled. One cried out, and the other didn't know what they were gathered together.
They said, Has Yahweh only spoken with Moses? Hasn't he also spoken with us? Yahweh has heard this word.
Yahweh, the God of heaven, the great and awesome God, keep the covenant, walk in love with him and in obedience to his commandments.
He made the bell of pure gold, and put the pomegranates on the bells of the robe around it, and put the pomegranates among the pomegranates of it;
Moses said to the children of Israel, Their princes delivered to them the rod, according to one of the princes of their tribes, twelve rods: and Aaron's rod was among the rods.
You have feared you, your servant. You have kept your word for him.
Again, he sent out his third bondservants, and they struck him, and drove him out.
For they didn't listen to the voice of Yahweh their God, nor to his covenant, nor to the commandment of Moses the servant of Yahweh.
It happened in the sixth year of king Darius, in the sixth year of his reign, that the house was built in the month Adar, on the third day of the month.
that good things may be fulfilled to you all the days of your life, that you may return to your youth as an eagle.
The foreign women who were found among the sons of the priests, the house of Jeshua the son of Jehozadak, and his brothers, Maaseiah, Eliezer, Jairus, and Gedaliah,
Their horses were seven hundred thirty-six; their mules were two hundred forty-five;
Jael stretched out his hand with his lamp, and with his right hand with the rod of a hired servant, and struck Sisera with his rod, and overthrew his head, and pierced his side.
Leave me alone. I saw this great vision, that there was no strength in my flesh, and that the beauty of my face was dim, so that there was no strength.
You shall love Yahweh your God with all your heart, and with all your soul, and with all your soul, and with all your strength.
Hear my prayer, Yahweh, the God of Armies. Turn your ear, God of Jacob. Selah.
He said to them, You tell my lord Esau, Thus says your servant Jacob, Behold, I have sojourned at Laban, and I have lived to this day.
But Jesus answered them, Blessed is he who hears the word of God, and keeps it.
Prostitution brings forth iniquity, and sin first, and then death comes out of it.
Then all who call on the name of the Lord will be saved.
It happened, when the day had come that the king, when he had brought them in, that the prince of the eunuchs brought them in before Nebuchadnezzar.
The woman of Tekoa said to the king, Let this iniquity be on me, and on my father's house, and on the king, and on all his people.
In the forty years your garments didn't fail, Neither did your feet fall.
I have obeyed the voice of your mouth, and have not gone as other men's ways; but I have chosen myself, and have done no violence.
I will command them, that they may return to this city; and they shall fight against this city, and shall take it, and burn it with fire; and I will make the cities of Judah a desolation, and there shall be no inhabitant.
He who doesn't care for wrath has great understanding; But he who is Holy brings forth great folly.
I set up Shelemiah the priest, and Zadok the scribe, and Pedaiah the Levite, the ruler of the treasurer's house, over the treasurer's house: Hanan, the son of Zaccur, the son of Mattaniah; for I have seen this man to be faithful; and this is their portion, that is to say, given to their brothers.
All the Jews returned, and came to Mizpah in the land of Judah, to Gedaliah, and gathered much wine and summer fruit.
You shall lend to him who lends a foreigner for his profit; but you shall not lend to your brothers for his profit: that Yahweh your God may bless you in all that he has done in the land where you go to possess it.
who cleansed the blood of the blood of Zion, when he cleansed the uncleanness of the daughter of Zion, with the spirit of judgment and of the spirit of the potter.
Shecaniah the son of Jaziel, the son of Elam, answered Ezra, and said, We have married foreign women among this people, and have transgressed our God; but Israel has hope in this matter.
Aaron came to Moses, and came to the door of the Tent of Meeting, and the plague was stayed.
If we confess our sins, God is true and righteous. He will forgive our sins, and will wash away all our unrighteousness.
and the spear is great, like a weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's weaver's we
Behold, there was a man there who had a hand. Some sought vanity, and came to him, and said to him, Is there a law on the Sabbath?
In that night Yahweh spoke to Gideon, saying, Take your father's calves, the other seven years, and break down all the altars of Baal your father, and cut down all the Asherah by the altar;
The Pharisees came to him, and they began to contend with him. They tried to show him a sign from heaven, asking him to do it.
Next to him repaired the priests who lived in the plain.
For this cause I write to you, when I am absent from you, lest, when I come to you, I trouble you with the authority of the Lord which I have given you. This authority is to build, and not to overthrow.
A voice of thanksgiving and gladness will come out from them, and I will multiply them, so that they can't be diminished, but they will be exalted, so that they can't be humbled.
All the engraved images of the idols are vanity, and their joy is not profitable. Their witnesses don't see them, neither do they know anything, that they may be disappointed.
Thus says Yahweh, Behold, I will bring on Babylon, and on the Chaldeans who dwell therein, a destroying wind.
Moses said, This is the thing which Yahweh has commanded you to do: and the glory of Yahweh will be revealed to you.
Behold, he speaks boldly, and no one speaks to him. Do these indeed know that this is the Christ?
It will happen in the fourth generation, that they will return here, for the sins of the Amorites will not be deferred.
For this cause I prayed to the Lord three times, that the rod might be removed from me.
He called the name of the second son Ephraim, for he said to him, God has made me prosperous in the land of my affliction.
The people answered Joshua, and said, There is none. We set ourselves to serve Yahweh.
The goat of the male goat, which was the length of the gate, was the king of Greece; and the horn of his horn, which was between his eyes, was the first king.
When the men of his armor saw that Saul was dead, he himself struck him with a sword.
Then said Stephanus, Brothers, hear now: The God of glory has appeared to him while Abraham our father was yet with us in Haran.
But woe to you rich men! For you are well-pleasing.
Gideon the son of Joash died in the days of his old age, and was buried in the tomb of Joash his father in the house of Ophrah of Abiezer.
and stayed with him some days, until your brother was angry with him.
Then said the servants of Achish to him, Isn't this David the king of the kingdom? and they have spoken word again in their dances, saying, Shall Saul kill all the thousands of them, and David kill all these ten thousands? isn't it he who kills them?
Now the ark was a long time in Kiriath Jearim, and it was twenty years; and all the house of Israel inquired of Yahweh.
Another disciple, Andrew, Simon Peter's brother, said to him,
The woman said to him, I have no husband. Jesus said to him, You have no husband, but you have no husband.
Now in the eighteenth year of king Josiah was this Passover kept in Jerusalem to minister to Yahweh.
Her eyes are red for wine. Her teeth are white for milk.
Can you shake the stubble that is in the wind? Or will you chase the dry grass?
Yahweh is merciful and upright. He shows the way of the sinners.
When Paul was waiting in Athens for the wonders of Silas and Timothy, he saw that the city was full of idols, and that his heart was kindled.
His disciples said to him, If it be so, it would be better for a man's wife to be married to a husband than for a wife to be married to a husband to be married to a husband to be married to a wife.
Their bulls are fruitful, And their calves have no birthright.
one male goat for a sin offering;
Moreover I said to the wicked, You shall surely die; if he turn from his sin, and do that which is lawful and right,
I tell you these things, that your faith may not be moved.
The Pharisees therefore said to him, You testify about yourself, and there is nothing in your testimony.
Hezekiah and the princes came to the heaps, and blessed Yahweh, and blessed his people Israel.
then the priest shall command that they take up the stones that are on the plague, and cast them into the uncleanness of the city.
As for the prince, for he is a prince, who shall sit in it, and eat bread before Yahweh: and he shall come in by the porch of the gate, and shall go out from there.
By the hand of Paul God did mighty works.
Behold, a woman who had a discharge of her father twelve years came behind him, and touched the fringe of his garment.
The idols are the work of a builders. The silversmiths overlaid him with gold, and cast him a denarius.
Yahweh said to Moses, Tell Aaron, Stretch out your rod, and strike the dust of the ground, and make it a savor throughout all the land of Egypt.
Now the rest of the acts of Menahem, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
For death came into our windows, into our strongholds; and out of the midst of the street they destroyed the children, and destroyed the young men.
Moses said, Show me your glory.
I have made myself a garden and a garden of fruit. I have planted in it every tree of its kind.
Neither shall you love your neighbor's wife, nor your neighbor's house, nor her land, nor her servant, nor her handmaid, nor her ox, nor her donkey, nor all that she has with your neighbor.
We know that he spoke to Moses, but where he came from, we don't know him.
Their tents and their flocks shall be robbed, and they shall take away all their vessels, and all their camels, and they shall be taken for their own possession; and they shall cry to them, saying, Fear shall be on every side.
He said to me, To bring him up to the land of Shinar; and if the house builds, it will put him in its own place.
Judah sent a kid by his friend the Adullamites, that they might take a pledge out of the woman's hand, but they could not find her.
Everyone who came out of his heart pleased, his male and his female, and everyone took the gold, the first-ripe divination, and the earrings, and the bracelets, and the bracelets, and the bracelets, each of them gave to Yahweh.
Moses and Eleazar the priest took their gold, even every beaten work that was good.
Moses anointed the tent of meeting with anointing oil, and all that was therein, and sanctified it.
So the king passed over, and came to Gilgal; and Chimham passed over with him: and all Judah passed over, and half the people of Israel, and sent the king over.
The lord came out to them, and said to them, Don't do this evil thing, my beloved brother. Don't be ashamed of him, since he has come into my house.
For God is greater than we, And knows all things.
We can't find him by the Almighty. He has great power. He has justice and justice. He won't afflict a man.
Joab the son of Zeruiah was captain of the army; and Jehoshaphat the son of Ahilud was recorder;
But who can stand in the day that he comes? Or who can stand when he is revealed? For he is like a burning fire, And like a flaming fire.
Therefore they answered, We don't know where it comes from.
He will return in the day of which his servant will not be numbered.
Christ died for us, that we might both live and die, and live with him in his coming.
I have given them knowledge of your name, and I will show them that you may love me in them, and that I may be in them.
The rest of men, whom they didn't attain to the peace of God, will keep your hearts in Christ Jesus.
They said, This is the Nazarene, a prophet Jesus, of Galilee.
There is no need for the seed, nor for the water, That the great God of it may be pleased.
All the promise of God was done to him, and we glorified God in him, Amen.
God stretched out his hand, and struck the stone, and he drew it off of the foundations of the mountain.
Sing aloud with joy, all the nations; for you shall judge the nations righteously, and over all the nations of the earth. Selah.
There was a chamber outside of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of
You are my King, God. Command Jacob to be saved.
This day I come to the spring, and say, Yahweh, the God of my master Abraham, if you want to, let my way be done.'
For Yahweh your God will go about in the midst of your camp to deliver you, and to deliver your enemies: therefore shall your camp be holy, that he not see uncleanness in the midst of you, and depart from you.
Jacob also went in to Rachel, and loved Rachel more than Leah. She served Laban seven years.
Do to Midian like you did to them, As at Kishon, to Sisera and to Jabin.
All the captains of the forces, Jehohanan the son of Kareah, and Jaazaniah the son of Hoshaiah, and all the people, from the least of them even to the greatest of them, came:
Shall a man die and live? I must endure the days of my labor, Until the day of my vengeance comes.
So did the magicians with their enchantments, and they made the frogs to come up into the land of Egypt.
But if you go from Yahweh to serve the foreign gods, then after that Yahweh has blessed you, he will turn again and do you evil, and destroy you.
Pour out your wrath on them, And overtake them with the wrath of your captivity.
You divided the sea before them, and caused them to pass through the sea like a dry land. You threw out those who pursued them into the depths of the sea, as a stone was cast out of the great waters.
Paul sought to enter into the multitude, and his disciples stopped him.
The children of Reuben, and the children of Gad, were exceedingly great in livestock; and they saw the land of Jazer, and the land of Gilead, where they might feed.
As the baptism, and the laying on of your hands, the resurrection of the dead, and the reigning of the judgment,
Yahweh your God will send to them a great and sweet savor, until they are consumed from before you, whom they have left.
Moses said to Aaron, and to Eleazar his son, and to Ithamar, Don't scatter the hair of the head, nor tear your clothes from you, lest Yahweh be angry with the assembly: but your brothers all the house of Israel wail for the fire of Yahweh.
If a man thinks himself to live in light, but hates his brother, he is still in darkness.
The valley of Lod, and the valley of Onus, the workman.
It shall happen in the latter days, when you are afflicted, that all these things shall come on you, and you shall turn to Yahweh your God, and listen to him.
I, Tedius, greet you in the Lord, even in this letter.
You who proclaim good news to Zion, go up onto the mountain, and publish good news to Jerusalem; you shall utter your voice with all your voice: lift up your voice, and don't be afraid, and tell the city of Judah, Behold, your God.
By the poor they blaspheme against the Creator. By the poor they respect the Lord in their lack.
The birds of the field will gather themselves together.
and Kedemoth with its suburbs, and Mephaath with its suburbs; four cities shall they give them.
All the remnant of the inhabitants of Syria, the kingdom of Damascus, the hill country of Ephraim, shall perish like the glory of Israel, says Yahweh of Armies.
For you shall go in to possess it, not as you came forth out of the land of Egypt, where you sow, and moat with your feet, as a field of herbs.
Therefore the animals of the wilderness and the wolves shall dwell therein, and the sword shall dwell therein; there shall be no son of man forever or ever.
and you shall eat until a full month, until the flesh comes out of your nostrils, and you are grieved; for you have forsaken Yahweh who dwells among you, and wept before him, and said, Why shall we go forth out of Egypt?
Behold, he brings forth his light on them. He covers the sea.
His wisdom prevailed against all, more than Ethan the Ezraite, and Heman, and Carcol, and Taldah, the sons of Mahor; and his praise was on all the nations round about.
He said to the king of Israel, Draw your bow with your hand. He drew his bow with his hand.
Therefore call all the prophets of Baal, and all those who minister to Baal, and all his priests, to me, and don't diminish a man; for I will sacrifice great sacrifices to Baal, and none of them shall live: so Jehu has dealt treacherously to kill all the worshippers of Baal.
If his strength isn't sufficient to offer two turtledoves, or two young pigeons, then he shall bring his offering for a sin offering of one tenth of an ephah of fine flour, for a sin offering, and not for oil, nor for frankincense; for it is a sin offering.
Saying, Your sins are forgiven,' or saying, Get up and walk.' What is the matter?
Jesus said to them, Give them something to eat. They said, We have here five loaves, and two fish. If we don't buy, why do we eat at all?
Ahaz said, I will not ask, Neither will I test Yahweh.
Then king David went in, and sat before Yahweh, and said, Yahweh God, who am I, and whose house am I, that you have brought me to this land?
The man said, Now this is the bone of my bones, and the flesh of my flesh; and I will call them women, because they brought them out of the man.
On the seventh day, on the twenty-threeth day, the king sent the people away to their tents, and to rejoice every man in his heart, because of the kindness which Yahweh had given to David, and to Solomon, and to his people Israel.
But these things are things which are made by men's teaching and teaching, and they can't be done with them.
Therefore I will execute my wrath, and my eyes will not spare, neither will I have pity; though they cry out in my ears, yet I will not hear.
He who endures, the rulers shall afflict him. The tongue of gentleness shall break out bones.
The multitude of the walking men of the camp turned aside, and they went up to the wasteland, and died.
For we don't boast in other things of labor, but in other things of self-control. We hope that your faith will be increased, and in that which is in you we will grow greater and broader.
When the captains of the chariots saw Jehoshaphat, they said, This is the king of Israel; and they turned back to fight against him. Jehoshaphat cried, and Yahweh helped him; and Yahweh was he who was not with him.
The Redeemer of them is mighty in his name, Yahweh of Armies. He will plead his cause for them, that the whole land may rest, and that the inhabitants of Babylon may tremble.
Then said I in my heart, I also shall find out what the foolish man has found: shouldn't I be wiser than they? I said in my heart, This also is vanity.
After these things, Mary turned herself, and saw Jesus standing there, and she didn't know that he was Jesus.
Be of good courage, that we may be a husband to our people, and to the cities of our God; and that Yahweh may do according to that which seems him good.
Because Yahweh can't bring this people into the land which he swore to them, he has killed them in the wilderness.
This is the word of Yahweh, that he spoke by Jeremiah, until the land had rest on its sabbath; for it had rest even to seventy years.
All their works are for the sight of all. They make the earth a breadth, and the fringe of the garment becomes a length.
Seeing that you are a desert, and don't burn and don't do it to you, I will pour you out from my mouth.
He said, With what will I liken the Kingdom of God?
They made two rings of gold, and two rings of gold, and put them on the two ends of the breastplate.
Whoever touches his flesh shall be sanctified; and if his blood be sprinkled on any garment, that which he has sprinkled, you shall wash in the holy place.
For they all saw him, and were afraid. Immediately Jesus said to them, Peace be to you, and don't be afraid.
Let Saul, the daughter of Israel, weep for him! For he has made you to be clothed with scarlet, and has made your garments adorned with gold.
He said to him, What do you want? He said to him, When you are king, let me sit on your right hand one of these two sons, and sit down at your left hand.
When some of the multitude heard these things, they said, Surely this man is the prophet.
David called to a young man, and said, Draw near, and kill him. He went and struck him.
Of Asher he said, Let Asher be blessed for the children's sake, and let him obtain the joy of his brothers, that his feet may be sown in the fat.
You think that the Father loved us, and that we should be called children of God, and that we were truly children, and that the world didn't know us, because they didn't know God.
When his sister, Oholibah, saw it, she became more adulterous than she; and she multiplied her prostitution than her sister's sister.
It shall be, when Aaron has lit a lamp at evening, that he shall burn incense: it shall be a burning incense throughout your generations before Yahweh.
The wicked face is proud, saying, He will not seek salvation. All that he thinks is ungodly.
You shall sprinkle the leprosy seven times, to be cleansed; and you shall pronounce him clean, and shall let the living bird go to the mountain.
Then we possessed it. Aroer, that is on the edge of the valley of the Arnon, and half of the hill country of Gilead, and all the cities of it, I gave them to the Reubenites and to the Gadites.
When the dream was completed, he took counsel, sat down, and took the best of the fish, and brought them, and cast away the fish of the sea.
Then will I search Jerusalem with a lamp, and I will visit those who are like those who sit on this great island: and they think in their heart, Yahweh will not bless, nor do evil.
So the priests, and the Levites, and the porters, and the singers, and some of the people, and the Nethinim, and all Israel, lived in every city.
If his father doesn't have a brother, then he shall give his inheritance to his relatives, and he shall possess it: it shall be a statute for the children of Israel to break, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
Samuel said to him, This day Yahweh will cut off the kingdom of Israel from before you, and so will he give it to a neighbor of yours more than you.
They went before each other. The spirit went where they went; and when they went, they didn't turn aside.
He went out, and came to his father. When his father was a long way from him, his father saw him, and marveled, and ran, and lay on him, and kissed him straight away.
But we don't fear to do presumptuously, so that those who perish are saved with faith.
The sound of the wings of the cherubim went out into the outer court, as the voice of God, the Almighty, speaking.
A man's mouth will answer correctly, and he will be glad. Yes, he will be well when he comes.
That they may know that it is out of your hand, and that you Yahweh have done that which you have done.
Therefore you shall be filled with hunger, thirst, nakedness, and nothing; and you shall serve the servants of Yahweh, whom he sent against your enemies; and he shall hang on your neck with iron, until you be consumed.
The fruit of light is awesome, Righteousness, and truth.
They will not go after strangers, but will flee away, because they can't comprehend the voice of strangers.
It happened after the first year of the reign of Egypt, in the first month, in the wilderness of Sinai, that Yahweh commanded Moses, saying,
If anyone sins, even if he hears the sound of an oath, he shall testify; but whatever he sees or knows, he shall not say, He shall bear his iniquity.
You say that you have counsel and strength to fight, but I say this in vain. But who is your confidence, that you will rebel against me?
Abner talked with the elders of Israel, and said, You have longed for David to reign over you:
The caldron is to refine silver, And to refine gold; And to praise, it testifies to man.
But as for the Holy Son, he said, Your throne, God, remains forever. Your Kingdom is right.
You shall give a sin offering to the sons of Zadok the priest, the sons of Zadok, who come near to me, of a bull, says the Lord Yahweh.
To the angel of the assembly in Sardis write: The seven Spirits of God, and the seven stars, say, I know your work. The interpretation of it is living, and you are dead.
My son, don't forget my teaching. Keep my commandments in your heart.
They have no fear of their own self. Neither has the rod of God struck them.
Then they said to them, What is the name of this house that is built?
Therefore they who keep the commandments of God must be of one heart, and of one who is faithful in Jesus.
the ark, its poles, and the mercy seat;
This is the Ezra from Babylon, and the law of Yahweh, the God of Israel, which he gave Moses, who is a scribe of the customs. According to the hand of Yahweh his God, according to all that he asked of him, so he helped him.
Pharaoh did well to Abram because of her; and Abram found sheep, and oxen, and donkeys, and male servants, and female servants, and female donkeys, and camels.
The caldron is to refine silver, And the furnace to refine gold; But Yahweh is the heart to refine men.
But if a man keeps the word of God, the love of God is perfect; so that we may believe that we walk in God's will.
It happened on the next day, in the second day of the month, that David's son sent him, and let him go empty. Saul said to Jonathan his son, Why isn't the son of Jesse coming to eat both yesterday and today?
But we receive every man according to his gift which he has given us.
and all those who worship above all the army of the sky on the housetop, and all the worshippers, swore by Yahweh, and by Malcam,
Those who hate me will hate my Father.
I will fill his mountains with those who are slain. He who kills the sword will fall on your hills, on your valleys, and on all the pits.
An angel of the Lord appeared beside them, and the glory of the Lord was round about them. They were exceedingly afraid.
It was so, that when he had sown, and had shut up his house, and had plastered, and the plague came on him, and was spread abroad in the house,
and the offering of gifts for peace offerings, and the proclaiming of freewill offerings, which you shall delight in, even the children of Israel.
God has given him all the borders of his being blameless. He has become the keeper of all those who are subject to him, the keeper of salvation forever.
You shall entrust your matters to Yahweh, and trust in him, and he will perfect you.
When the Lord's angels came down to the upper pool, they struck the waters, and the first man, when he had gone down, was healed whatever sickness he was able to do.
Jesus said to them, I am the bread of life. He who comes to me won't be hungry forever. He who believes in me won't be thirsty forever.
He will say, Their gods, The rock in which they trusted;
Haven't you heard the words of this people? They say, The two tribes which Yahweh has chosen have he rejected; so have they despised my people, so that they shall no more build the kingdom before them.
In the third year of Asa king of Judah began Baasha to kill him, and to search after him.
Your beautiful fame reaches to the midst of the nations, and is perfect from your beauty; for I have given you my glory, says the Lord Yahweh.
I said, You are gods, You are the sons of the Most High.
For thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, The meal of the earth shall not be diminished, neither shall the oil of the inner chamber be released, until the day that Yahweh brings it down on the earth.
But Paul said to the men, We are the Romans, before we are examined, and they beat us in prison before the people, and put us in prison. Now will they throw us out secretly? Don't let them be known to the magistrates, to bring us out!
Behold, the shepherds roar, for their glory is destroyed. Hear, a mighty lion roars at the roaring, because the forest is laid waste by the Jordan.
Therefore we are more assured of the word which we proclaimed to the prophets. Listen, for it is as the lamp in darkness, and as it is in the morning, until the revelation is made in your heart.
The priest shall offer the burnt offering and the meal offering on the altar; and the priest shall make atonement for him, and he shall be clean.
You shall make of brass all the vessels of all the service of the tent, and all the pins of it, and all the pins of it.
Yahweh of Armies, my King, my God, the sparrows have found a house for themselves. They have answered for their own possession, which is in your altar.
that we may believe in this, that we may receive all things blamelessly.
I, Yahweh of Armies, have planted you: now I command evil against you, because Israel and the house of Judah have done wickedly, and have burned incense to Baal, and have provoked me to anger; but it shall be a recompense for myself.
As he has glorified himself in his chariots, so shall he afflict him: for he said in his heart, I sit as a queen in the king's seat, and I am not a widow; I will in no way grieve.
Sing to God, you heavens, for Yahweh has made it; for the earth is a place of rejoicing; and the mountains shall sing aloud, and the trees of the forest and of the trees of it; for Yahweh has redeemed Jacob, and he will be glorified in Israel.
Being patient, be patient, that the will of God may be revealed, that he may receive the good promise of his promise.
All the women of the land didn't find them beautiful as the daughters of Job: and their father gave them inheritance among their brothers.
A voice of the horsemen, a voice of the rushing of the wheels, a voice of the rushing of the horses, a voice of the roaring of the chariots;
Then they brought him to the high priest. All the chief priests, the elders, and the scribes were gathered together.
Haven't you understood yet? Haven't you forgotten that I gave to the five thousand five loaves of bread to eat, and the residue of your flesh to gather fat?
but one thing they could accuse me, that I stood and cried out among them, saying, I am judged this day for the resurrection of the dead.'
He became great, great, and great, and great.
The people answered Joshua, and said, We will serve Yahweh our God, and listen to his voice.
Amaziah killed of the Edomites in the Valley of Salt ten thousand, and took Silas, and called his name Jothel to this day.
They asked him, What is the work of the Sabbath, or of the evil? What is the life of a deliverer, or of a man's life? They kept silence, and didn't answer a word.
King Solomon was twenty cubits long, and twenty cubits broad, and thirty cubits high, for the house that Yahweh had built.
As a man builds a house, and digs it down, and puts it on a rock, So that the flood springs over against the house, And the house doesn't tremble, For the house is established.
But if you will not listen to me, and if you will not keep the Sabbath holy, yet will you go into every gate of Jerusalem on the Sabbath day; and I will kindle a fire in every gate; and it will devour the palaces of Jerusalem, so that you will not quench it.
Then Jesus went through the grain fields on the Sabbath. His disciples were hungry, and they ate.
When he has made an end of breaking the first vows, he shall cause himself to be condemned.
who gave me strength, that is, Christ Jesus our Lord; who counted me faithful, and commanded me to serve him.
For we must all die, as waters poured out on the earth, that we can't be gathered again; but Yahweh didn't take away the life of man, that he should not be driven out of him by the hand of the avenger of blood.
You have made the destruction of man's desire like a moth, when he warns him. Surely the world is empty. Selah.
You show loving kindness to the merciful. You show integrity to the perfect.
Yahweh, my rock, he has redeemed my lord. Let my mouth be accepted before you, that which I have spoken, and that which I have thought in my heart.
Who is God, but Yahweh? Who is a rock, save our God?
When Saul saw it, he knew that Yahweh was with David, and Michal the daughter of Saul loved her.
He made the ephod of gold, and of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen.
But you who brought you up out of the land of Egypt with power and outstretched arm, fear him, worship him, and sacrifice to him.
God, you see this as a light thing; for you have spoken yet more of the house of your servant into a perpetual generation. You have dealt with me, Yahweh God, as the honorable man.
Why are you in despair, my soul? Why are you disturbed within me? Hope in God. Yet I will praise him, for he is my face, and my God.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: Go, and speak to the men of Judah, and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem, saying, Don't you receive instruction, and don't obey my voice? says Yahweh.
Yahweh abhors the way of the wicked, But those who seek righteousness shall love him.
There shall be no more after these days any more, when Yahweh hears the voice of men, because Yahweh fights for the children of Israel.
I said to the wicked, You shall surely die; and if you will not warn him, and will not warn the wicked, that he may depart from his evil way, and save his life; and the wicked shall die in his iniquity; but I will require his life out of your hand.
He entered into the synagogue again, and there was a man with a handkerchief.
There is a river, whose waters run open, and give gladness to the city of Yahweh, even to the Most High, the Holy Place.
Departing from the way, they go astray. None is good, neither is there any sword.
It is better to dwell in the corner of the housetop, Than to dwell in a large house with a contentious woman.
If we don't wait, we have come the second time.
When they enter into the inner gate, they shall put on linen garments: they shall not wear wool in the gate of the inner gate, nor in the gate of the temple.
It happened in the morning, that Yahweh bowed himself down from the cloud, and from the pillar of fire, and looked, and saw the army of Egypt, and overthrew their banners.
Yahweh wrote to me in two tables of stone, which Yahweh wrote with his finger, and which was written on it according to all that Yahweh spoke to you on the mountains and in the fire in the day of solemn assembly.
Who can declare his generation? For he has laid hold on the life of the earth, seeing he is humbled by the judgment of unrighteousness, and has no one forsakes his righteousness.
Oh that I would take a little water, and wash your feet, And lay down in the tree!
You blind guides, little children, have taken him away, and the camels are swallowed up.
Thus shall Pharaoh do, and appoint officers over the land: five parts of it shall be for the fruit of the land of Egypt, when it is seven years old,
Aaron is dying, because he can't enter into the land which I give to the children of Israel; for you have broken my commandment in the waters of Meribah.
The king made a raid in the plains of the Jordan, in the valley of Succoth and Zereth, in the land of the rock.
I will make your body to serve, says Yahweh; and it shall heal your soul; for they call you out of their power, Zion, and none comes to inquire of it.
I am the vine, and you are the branch; and I, who dwell in me, will dwell in it; and you shall bring forth fruit abundantly: for if it be with me, you shall not do anything.
They also persuaded the people, the elders, and the scribes, and rushed on Stephen, and delivered him up to the council.
These four fell by the hand of David, and by the hand of his servants, whom the Gittites bore.
It happened in the year of the Passover, that his father and his mother went to Jerusalem to pass through the feast.
All your bows have gone forth, and all your oaths to the tribes are true. Selah. You have divided the earth by rivers.
Thus shall you do in the way which Yahweh your God commanded you, that you may live, and be blessed, and that you may prolong your days in the land where you go to possess it.
But you shall divide the whole fruit of this son by a double prostitute, and shall cause it to grow again: and when he comes, you shall kill for him a fattened calf.
But the multitudes were exceedingly astonished, saying, He is good in all his works. He makes the deaf hear, and the mute can speak.
Jacob lifted up his eyes, and saw that Esau was coming, and that four hundred men were with him. He divided the children, and delivered them to Leah, and delivered them to Rachel, to the handmaids.
I will keep your statutes. Don't leave me alone.
All who were numbered of the Levites, Moses, and Aaron, and the princes of Israel, according to their families, their fathers' houses,
For he has established your bars. He has blessed the children of your midst.
They brought him up first to Annas; for he was the chief priest of the people, and he was the father of Caiaphas the high priest, the same year.
One of his servants answered the king, and said, The remnant of the horses, who are yet in the city, send you five men: behold, the horses are as those that are left in the city; behold, the horses are as those of all Israel who are consumed: let us send and see.
His dominion is great, but he is not of his own power: he shall deal utterly with destruction, and prosper; and he shall do according to his will, and shall destroy the dominion and the holy people.
Another name was Eliezer; for Moses said, My father's God has helped me, and delivered me out of the sword of Pharaoh.
Her branches shall be broken in pieces; and she shall come and devour her; for the people are foolish: therefore they have made no mercy on them, neither shall it be gracious to them who formed them.
If the bright spot stays in its place, and doesn't grow, it is a cloud of boils; then the priest shall pronounce him clean.
Yahweh walked in heaven, and in the earth, and in the sea, and in all the depths of it, according to his own will.
I will shake the nations, and all the nations will come; and I will fill this house with glory, says Yahweh of Armies.
I will be his Father, and he shall be my son; and I will not remove my loving kindness from him, as I have separated him from you.
When he saw that there was a fig tree by the road, he came to the tree, and no fruit was found on it, but only the leaf. Jesus said to the tree, From now on, you shall never yield again. Immediately the fig tree withered away.
He called to himself the multitudes, and the disciples, and said to them, If anyone wants to follow me, let him leave himself, and take up his cross, and follow me.
I will make Jerusalem a heap, and a dwelling place for jackals, says Yahweh; and I will make the cities of Judah a desolation, and there shall be no inhabitant.
I also shall not be worthy of all the loving kindness and truth that you have shown to your servants: I took my rod, and passed over the Jordan, and have become two companies.
Joshua arose early in the morning, and all Israel with him, and departed from Shittim, and came to the Jordan; and he rested there until he passed over the river.
Samson said to them, I have hurt the Philistines this time, and they don't sin against me.
Those who escape in Mount Zion shall be holy. The house of Jacob shall possess it.
It happened on one of those days, that Eli slept in his own place, and his eyes were dim, and his eyes didn't see it.
Therefore it is a promise made by faith, that it may be given to all the seed of Abraham through the grace of God which is white, not only circumcision, but also confession to the bondservant of God. Abraham is the father of all our people.
It happened in the first month, in the seventh year, in the first day of the month, that the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Pharaoh prepared his chariot, and took his people with him;
God said to the man clothed in linen, Go in, between the wheels that are on the hinder part, and between the cherubim that are on the cherubim, and over the coals that are on the cherubim, filled with two hands, and sow on the wall: and I looked up, and saw the man going in.
You shall set apart your wife, and another shall lie with her; and you shall build your house, and shall not stand in it: and you shall plant the vineyard, and shall not eat its fruit.
saying, Where is the Lord, that he will come near? All our fathers are dead, but all things are from the beginning.
But these came to Philip, the Bethlehemite of Galilee, and begged him, saying, Sir, we want to see him.
His lord answered him, I tell you, I will give him more people, and whoever doesn't have, I will take him.
Samson struck them with a great slaughter, and the dead body died. He went down, and lived at the stone of Jedam.
One who has a spirit of faith, and one who has a spirit of healing,
Prepare yourselves, you, and all the army that is with you, you and all that is with you; and be theirs.
Yahweh preserves all those who love him, But whoever does evil, he will destroy them.
Don't you remember that I fed the four thousand seven loaves of bread, and you filled those who were left?
When we had sat by the river Babylon, we remembered Zion, and our eyes ran down.
For the Levites have no portion nor inheritance with you; he, and the foreigner, and the fatherless, and the widow, and those who dwell in your gates, may eat until you are full: therefore Yahweh your God has blessed you in all that you do.
They are ashamed of the hope. When they arrive, they are confounded.
Then Gideon brought the people down to the waterside, and Yahweh said to Gideon, Let that man stand by him, as the dogs do, and let him stand by him; and let him who goes down to drink water, let him stand by him.
All the vows of his vows, and all the oaths of his covenant, he shall afflict himself, and his husband shall establish him; and his husband shall destroy him.
He was angry, and a certain one looked at them, and hardened their heart, and he said to the man, Put out your hand, and that man will go out with his hand, and will serve.
Yahweh spoke to Moses on that day, saying,
He is exceedingly beautiful in the waters. Cursed are their portion on the earth. He won't turn again into the way of the vineyard.
He will die in his youth, And their lives will be like children.
For Israel has forgotten their Maker, And built the temple. The fortified cities of Judah will I kindle a fire in their cities, And I will burn their tents.
When the Lord Jesus had said these things to them, he was received up into heaven, sitting at the right hand of God.
I will set on your stones the purple of your foundation, And the blue of your stones I will lay on your foundation, You, who are afflicted by a great wind, that can't comfort him.
When you cry out, that you may save you that which you shall gather; and the wind shall blow to them; and the breath shall blow to them; but he who trusts in me shall possess it, and he shall inherit my holy mountain.
Therefore thus says the Lord Yahweh: I will judge you, house of Israel, according to all your ways: return you from all your sins, and sin shall not be consumed you.
Whoever listens to him speaks, his understanding and his answers are astonished.
These are the kings who reigned in the plains of the Jordan, between Succoth and Zereth, in the land of the rock, and in the marshes of it, and in the marshes of it.
He measured the length of it twenty cubits, and the breadth twenty cubits, before the house; and he said to me, It is most holy.
Saul was angry, and didn't please him; and he said, Give me ten thousand talents, and thousands of thousands; but the kingdom shall not be given to it.
You shall fear Yahweh your God, and serve him, and swear by his name.
He cried with a loud voice, Fall down! Babylon is fallen down. Now this city is a dwelling place of desolation, a herd of unclean spirits, and the birds of the abominations that are unclean.
But if a man doesn't believe in himself, he will not be acceptable to God, but believes in God, and believes in those who seek him.
Yet I will not forsake them, nor abhor them, while they are yet in the land of their enemies; but I will utterly destroy them, and will break my covenant with them; for I am Yahweh their God.
Take heed to yourselves, for they will deliver you up to the council, and you will be snared in the synagogue; and you will stand before the guard and the king for my sake, and testify against them.
You shall surely lift up your face without blemish; and you shall be established, and shall not be dismayed.
As Jesus sat down in the Mount of Olives, Peter, James, John, and Andrew secretly asked him,
Egypt is like the Nile, which is full of waters, whose rivers go astray. His words say, I will set my face on the earth, and I will cover it. I will destroy the cities, and the inhabitants of it.
Pharaoh said to him, What lacks you here in me, that you want to return to your own land? He said, I have nothing to lack: but let me go.
Then said he to me, Greatly beloved Daniel, know these words that I have spoken with you. Stand up, for I am sent to you. He spoke to me this word, and I stood righteously.
Joram took all his chariots, and went over to Zair, and rose up by night, and struck the Edomites who were behind him, and the captains of his chariots; and the people fled, every man to his tent.
The elder and the honorable are the first, But the prophet who teaches lies is the last.
Do what is right, that God may show you to be an abominable man, a workman without offense, and a proverb of the truth.
that I may boast in the day of Christ, for I am not a fugitive, neither is all my labor in which I am displeased.
Solomon built the cities which Hiram had given Solomon, that the children of Israel should dwell there.
Give thanks to Yahweh with harps, And praise him with ten harps.
He called all the chief priests and the scribes of the people, and said to them, Where is the Christ born?
Yahweh of Armies said, Go up against my shepherd, and against him who is with me, to go up to battle. He struck the shepherds, and the flocks were scattered; and the little ones I will turn my hand against them.
When all Israel saw that the king didn't listen to them, the people said to the king, What portion have we in David? we have no portion in the son of Jesse: return, Israel, to your tents, David, to your own house. So the children of Israel returned to their tents.
Take twelve men from among the tribes of Israel, every man from his tribe:
They said to Joshua, We are your servants. Joshua said to them, Who are you? From where did you come?
Remember, Yahweh, how I have walked before you in truth, and have done that which is good in your sight; and Hezekiah wept with a loud voice.
For all the people became sinners because of the disobedience of one man. Likewise, all the people became righteous because of the obedience of one man.
The redemption of the money of the house that comes out of it shall be Aaron's and his sons'.
He feared God, both he who was godly, and he who was wholly poor, and he always prayed to God.
There was a son whose name was Saul, and he was strong, and he looked good: and there was none like him in Israel; and he lifted up his head above all the people.
Samuel said to Saul, Why do you trouble me, and bring me up? Saul said, I am poor and exceedingly poor; for the Philistines have warred against me, and God has forsaken me, and has not answered me with a prophet or a dream; therefore come me, that I may show me what I must do.
But Jesus answered them, Come after me, and let those who are dead of the Spirit bury themselves.
The word of Yahweh came to Jonah the son of Amittai, saying,
then will I make this house like Shiloh, that it may be a tent of cursing in all the kingdoms of the earth.
If I remember these things in my heart, I will be vexed in my north.
But David, the ark of God, had brought him up from Kiriath Jearim to the place where David prepared him; for he had pitched a tent for God in Jerusalem.
That we may dwell in darkness and in the shadow of death, And lead our feet in peace.
I lifted up my hand to the sky, and said, As I live,
If a fool is still, he is wise. If a fool doesn't have discretion, he is wise.
and Solomon had sat on the throne of the kingdom.
So the field and the cave were assigned to Abraham for a possession by the children of Heth, for a possession of a tomb.
But his heart was haughty, and his holy one strong; so that he walked in pride; and he was exalted above his throne, and took away his glory.
Jacob took the green fir trees, and the almond trees, and the trees, and the feeble branches, and put out the horns of the spears in white, and brought them out.
He who blesses Yahweh will inherit the land of promise. He who curses him will be destroyed.
There is great fear for the workers of iniquity. God is with the righteous.
He delivered their livestock to the hail, And their flocks to the lightning.
It happened after two years, that his bowels went out for his disease, because it was sore. His people didn't make him a burnt offering, as they burned to his fathers.
Therefore, my beloved brothers, I have obeyed you all in your days. For now I am not with you, but rather with you. Be dismayed, and tremble, and be perfect in your salvation.
On the first day of the first month he departed from Babylon, and on the fifth day of the month he came to Jerusalem; for he had God's gracious hand to help him.
Go, gather together the elders of Israel, and tell them, Yahweh, the God of your fathers, the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, who appeared to me, saying, Surely I have visited you; and I have seen that which man did to you in Egypt.
But he who hates his brother, he lives in darkness. He walks in darkness. He doesn't know his ways, because the darkness has blinded his eyes.
This shall be the charge of the sons of Merari the keeper of the tent of meeting, and of the bars of it, and of the posts of it, and of the sockets of it, and of all the vessels of it, with which they minister:
For this cause the priests who were about their neck, and all who came into the house of Ashdod, didn't bear the burden of their journeys, until this day.
I give you my heart, lest I labor in the midst of you, and it become vain.
It is Yahweh who pleads my cause, And subdues the peoples to me.
He said, If you listen diligently to the voice of Yahweh your God, and do that which is right in his eyes, and listen to his commandments, and keep all his statutes, and I will make the sickness of the Egyptians to you, it shall not be found for you; for I am Yahweh who heals you.
He made the altar of burnt offering of acacia wood five cubits long, and five cubits broad: and the altar was foursquare, and the height of it three cubits.
Thus says Yahweh: As I have brought this great evil on this people, so will I bring all the good that I have promised them.
I shall die in this land, and I shall not pass over the Jordan: but you shall pass over to the good land.
Pharaoh said, I will let you go, that you may sacrifice to Yahweh your God in the wilderness, but don't go far; pray for me.
You shall observe to do these statutes and ordinances, which you shall give you for an inheritance in the days of your life, which Yahweh, the God of your fathers, gives you:
Their king and his princes shall go into captivity together, says Yahweh.
Then Job answered,
The wicked shall return to Sheol, And the nations that don't remember God shall do so.
for Yahweh your God is with you, and he will fight for you, and for your enemies, and will save you.
But you shall not build a house; and the son of your son who is with you shall build a house for my name.
The wind went forth from Yahweh, and brought out the quails out of the sea, and went down by the side of the camp on the one day about, and on the other side about a day's journey round about the camp round about, and there were two cubits on the earth about.
Hiram king of Tyre sent messengers to David, to build him a house, with cedars and masons of water.
Yahweh is my light and my salvation. Whom should I fear? I, Yahweh, am the strength of my life. Who should I be afraid of?
You shall not eat of blood: therefore it shall be that you shall do that which is right in the eyes of Yahweh; and you shall be blessed, you and your seed.
Don't believe, beloved, in all that you have, that you must prove it, whether it is not of God; for many false prophets have appeared in this world.
The cloud departed from off the tent; and behold, Miriam was leprosy. Aaron looked at Miriam; and behold, he was leprosy.
Cry aloud, you shepherds; Bow down in the midst of the ashes, for the time has come for you to be slain and to be scattered; and you shall fall down like the vessels which men delight in.
As for you, I purpose to speak in all of you in a different way, and to Paul in a different way, and to Apollos in a different language, and to Peter in a different language, I am Christ.
For Yahweh is the Maker of the heavens, and he is God, who made the earth, and finished it, and established it, and didn't make it, but made it to dwell in. He says, I am Yahweh, and there is none else.
It shall be, if they be ashamed of all that they have done for themselves, that you shall show the pattern of the house, and the pattern of it, and the place of it, and the place of it, and all its pattern, and all its ordinances, and all its ordinances, shall be written in their sight; that they may keep all their ordinances, and do all their work.
So they took every man his censer, and put fire in it, and put incense on it; and Moses and Aaron stood at the door of the Tent of Meeting.
They have given me a mother's mother to your spirit. Honor such.
Woe to you! For you have made a tomb for the prophets who killed your fathers.
Therefore I tell you, don't be anxious about your life, what it will be to eat, what it will be to drink, or what it will be to you. Isn't your life greater than food, and your body than clothing?
Which of the nations of the earth is as your people Israel, whom Yahweh went to redeem them for a people, that you might be a name to do great and awesome things to your people; for the nations have driven them out of your people, whom you have redeemed out of the sight of the peoples of Egypt.
David said to Solomon his son, Be strong and of good courage, don't be afraid nor be afraid; for Yahweh God, my God, is with you; he will not depart from you, nor forsake you, until all the work of the house of Yahweh be finished.
Many of them reasoned about him, saying, He is good. Others said, No, but he is partial to the multitude.
I made Saul king, and repented, because he turned back from following me, and didn't keep my commandment. Samuel was filled with the heart, and inquired of Yahweh all night.
The children of Benjamin didn't drive out the Jebusites who lived in Jerusalem; but the Jebusites lived with the children of Benjamin to this day in Jerusalem.
Another will test him, and ask for a sign from heaven.
He fell down before his feet until the day that the sky didn't bear, and rose up. He said, Don't let anyone know that a woman came to the threshing floor.
Now we know that you know all things, that no one will ask you. Therefore we believe that you came from God.
He said to them, Go, tell the fox, Behold, this day and tomorrow I am casting out demons and healings, until the third day I have finished my work.'
You have also come down from heaven on Mount Sinai, and have spoken to them, and have given them a right law, and a true law, and a good law, and a good commandment;
Thus shall you tell the prophets, What has Yahweh answered you? or what has Yahweh spoken?
Then the king of Israel called for a ruler, and said, Get quickly Micaiah the son of Imlah.
From the rising of the sun, and from the going down of the sun, that no stranger shall know me but me; I am Yahweh, and there is none else besides me.
All your enemies have opened wide their mouth to you; they have ridiculed and lifted up their teeth, saying, We have swallowed him up; for this is the day in which we looked for it: now have we found it, and we have seen it.
All these things were the beginning of the labor of the hands of the poor.
He brought Aaron's sons, and Moses put some of the blood on their right ears, and on the thumb of their right hand, and on the big toe of their right feet; and Moses sprinkled some of the blood on the altar round about.
Those who were numbered of them according to their number, from a month old and upward, were six thousand two hundred.
The temple of God was opened in heaven, and his ark was seen in the temple. There followed lightnings, sounds, thunders, thunders, and hail.
Immediately they looked around, and didn't see a man, but Jesus was with them.
For Damascus is the head of Syria. Rezin is the head of Damascus. In sixty-five years Ephraim will be overthrown, so that he will not be a nation.
On the seventh day the priest shall examine him, and, if he has spread it on the skin, then the priest shall pronounce him unclean. It is the plague of leprosy.
But if it is so, let them stand and judge, and judge according to my ordinances. In all my set feasts keep my ordinances, and keep my Sabbaths holy.
He went up with his father and his mother to Nazareth, and came to them. His mother wrote all these things in her heart.
We will not possess them beyond the Jordan to the other side of the Jordan; for our inheritance is beyond the Jordan eastward.
Most assuredly I desire to speak with the Almighty, But I desire to be partakers with God.
This is the thing that Yahweh, the God of Israel, shall have in Israel this day one tribe: why then is this in the midst of Israel?
For when they went up to the valley of Eshcol to see the land, they carried away the children of Israel from going in to the land which Yahweh had given them.
On the south side were Elizur the son of Shedeur the prince of the children of Reuben, according to their divisions, the standard of the camp of Reuben.
But Hezekiah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem humbled themselves, because their heart was lifted up, so that the anger of Yahweh didn't come on them in the day of Hezekiah.
If the avenger of blood pursues him, they shall not deliver the slain into his hand; for he has killed his neighbor unwittingly, and has not hated him.
that someone had told me that Saul was dead, and that he himself had a good news, and that I laid a snare on him in Secrea, and killed him.
He shall cut off their filthiness from their waist to their thigh.
You have made us a proverb among the nations, And have shaken the heads of all the people from among us.
For this cause Solomon sought to kill Jeroboam. Jeroboam fled into Egypt, and came to Shishak king of Egypt; and he lived in Egypt until Solomon was dead.
The word of Yahweh of Armies came, saying, This people has not yet come in the time of the mouth of the house of Yahweh.
The Moabites were about ten thousand slain, mighty men of valor, and not one of them escaped.
Yahweh is my rock! Blessed be he! He has tried to make war in my hand. He has devoured my fingers.
Son of man, prophesy, and say, Thus says the Lord Yahweh concerning the children of Ammon, and concerning their faces: Speak, there is a sword plucked out of the midst of the sword, and there is a light to kill, that it devours, as the lightning devours.
Joash slept with his fathers, and was buried with the kings of Israel in Samaria: and Jeroboam his son reigned in his place.
Take from among all things an offering, an offering made by God for a wave offering; and it shall be for the priests, the priests, of the blood of the sacrifice of peace offerings, of the blood of the sacrifice of peace offerings.
It happened, when many days were passed by, that they came to the sea of Coned, (for the tempest of the wind was fallen on us in the land of Crete), that we went over the other side of the wind from Samoneh.
Gilead's people, and all its princes, reasoned one with another, saying, Who shall go first against the children of Ammon? The man shall be chief of all the people of Gilead.
But the men didn't listen to him; and the man took his concubine, and delivered him up outside, and they bound him with him, and forced him all night; but when the morning had come up to bring him up, they let him go.
Peter summoned them into the house, and stayed there. On the next day Peter went with them, and certain of the brothers who were with Joppa followed him.
It happened on the next day, that Moses went into the tent of the ark of the testimony: and behold, it was of the house of Levi, and of Aaron's rod: it was dim, and brought forth flowers, and blossomed, and brought forth almonds.
David reigned forty years over Israel: and he reigned seven years in Hebron, and thirty-three years reigned he in Jerusalem.
David inquired of Yahweh; and he said, Don't come near to them: turn you behind them, and strike them from the sycamore tree.
Sins come into the world from a man, and death comes in after him. All the men of Christ will die, for all have sinned.
This is the way of everyone who forgets the man of God. He who is ungodly, his hope will fail.
The tombs are opened, and the people of God are many who are dead, and their bodies rise again.
I have also appointed Oholiab the son of Ashzabad, of the tribe of Dan, with him; and I have given wisdom in their heart, that they may do all that I command you.
Yahweh said to Joshua, I have removed this day the reproach of Egypt from you. The name of that place was called Gilgal to this day.
You have made my treadings large. My feet have not trodden away.
They told my father, saying, You have brought forth a son. Let him be well-pleasing. Let him be cursed.
The men of Herod's anger was kindled against Tyre and Sidon: therefore the men joined themselves together, and sent to Herod; and they bowed themselves to the king's house, and begged him that he might make a request; for their price was to be called by the king's district.
You shall lift up your rod, and you shall gather the congregation with Aaron your brother; and before their eyes you shall command the rock to go forth out of the water; and you shall bring water out of the rock for the people, that the congregation may drink, and their livestock.
They came up out of Midian to Balaam; and they brought with them certain men from Balaam to Egypt, to Pharaoh king of Egypt: and Pharaoh gave them houses to dwell in; and the food for the provision of food was given to them, and gave them fields.
A foolish son is the sorrow of his father. A foolish father doesn't rejoice.
They went on as they talked about what was done.
For you did not do so, because our God Yahweh chastised us, because we didn't seek him according to the ordinance.
He made two pillars of brass before the house, thirty-five cubits high, five cubits high, each of the five capitals of a pillar.
Samuel said to the baker, Please take the part that I have given you, that you may bring it out.
Then said the old prophet to him, I am also a prophet, like you. An angel spoke to me by the word of Yahweh, saying, Take him up with you to your house, that he may eat and drink water.' All this was the old prophet who deceived him.
But one thing I must reprove, that you have rejected my love.
Mark, Aristarchus, Demas, and Lycas, my fellow workers greet you.
On the throne were twenty-four thrones round about, and on them twenty-four elders, clothed in white, and the crown of the first fruits of gold.
Yahweh has founded the earth with wisdom, And spread forth the heavens with understanding.
They went and called to the gate of the city, and said to them, We come to the camp of the Syrians, and behold, there is no man there, neither is there a voice; only a horse is bound, and the donkeys fastened, and all the tents are gathered together.
The Kingdom of Heaven is like a master of the vineyard, who went out early in the morning, and hired men to go into his vineyard, and worked in his vineyard.
They prayed, and said, Lord, you know everyone's heart. Show us. One of these two is chosen by you.
When I scatter them among the nations, and scatter them among the nations, then shall they know that I am Yahweh.
But whatever you do, do with all your heart, as with the Lord, and not as with men.
Consider the former things. For I am God, and there is none else. I am God, and there is none like me.
They shall bake the Passover with fire according to the ordinance; and the sacrifices shall be with pots, and with hooks, and with psalteries, after that they have made an end of bringing them to the people.
It happened, when Asa heard these words, and the prophesying of Odediah the prophet, that he arose, and cut off all the abominations from all the cities of the hill country of Ephraim throughout all Judah and Benjamin, and built the altar of Yahweh before Yahweh at the porch of Yahweh.
Now Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and his brothers the priests, and Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and his brothers, were come up to build the altar of the God of Israel, to offer burnt offerings thereon, as Moses the servant of Yahweh wrote in the book of the law.
How long has Abraham been accounted for as righteous? Has he been circumcised before or after? Has he been circumcised before, and not after.
The people repented for the children of Benjamin; for Yahweh made the tribes of Israel to ride on a horn.
The feast of unleavened bread, which is called the Passover, is at hand.
It happened, when Jerusalem was in trouble, that the Edomites said, Break it down! Break it down! Stretch it down to the foundations! Remember, Yahweh, that day.
But the root of it shall not be deep, neither shall it live for a while, but shall immediately be forsaken by trouble and distress.
God said, The heavens and the waters shall be gathered together to a place, and the dry places shall be revealed. He did so.
You shall be blessed above all peoples. There shall not a man or woman among you be barren, neither shall any of your livestock be barren.
When David was come to Ziklag, he took from among the spoil, and sent to the elders of Judah his friend, saying, Behold, these are the spoil of Yahweh, and are your gifts.
The Philistines gathered themselves together, and encamped in Shunem. Saul gathered all Israel together, and encamped in Gilboa.
Every one of them had four brazen brass and brass-in-law; and the whole of the vineyard had a molten ring under the basin, and the molten bracelets were on each of them.
After that you shall raise up another nation, and it shall not lift up your kingdom: and after that there shall be a third kingdom, which is brass, to rule over it.
I have not eaten of your sheep nor of your goats in the twenty years that I have lived with you. I have not eaten of your flock, neither of your flocks, neither of your flocks, neither of your flocks.
He killed the young bull, and Moses took blood, and anointed the horns of the finger on the altar round about, and made the altar clean: and he put blood on the altar, and sanctified it, and made it holy, and made atonement for it.
Hannah prayed, and said, My heart is merry because of Yahweh; and my horn is lifted up because of Yahweh: I have spoken aloud to the enemy; for I rejoice in your salvation.
(The same was also the land of the Rephaimites, who lived in it before the Rephaim; and the children of Ammon called them holy.
Take heed therefore to what you shall hear; for whoever has, that he may be multiplied; and whoever doesn't regard himself as one, that he may be taken away.
When the house was shut up, they were unclean until the evening.
and the word of Yahweh came by the river Chebar, which is in the land of the Chaldeans, to Izekel the son of Buzite the priest; and the hand of Yahweh was on him there.
In the evening, a great multitude of those who were possessed by demons came to him, and he cast out demons with one word, and healed all those who were sick.
They answered him, The Lord needs it.
The firstborn is angry, and doesn't enter. The father comes out to entreat him.
He set up the court round about, and put up the screen for the gate of the court.
He said, Thus says Yahweh, Open you the valley everywhere, saying,
The man went and proclaimed to him in Decapolis what great things Jesus had done to him. They were all amazed.
Then came Jeroboam out of Jerusalem; and behold, Ahijah the prophet the Shiloh met him by the way; and he was clothed with a new garment. They were both in the field, and there was none else.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: For Moab and Seir have spoken, saying, Behold, there is nothing in the house of Judah and in all the nations.
Nadab and Abihu died before Yahweh in the wilderness of Sinai, when they offered strange burnt offerings; and they had no sons or daughters: and Eleazar and Ithamar bore the priest's office before Aaron their father.
Blessed are those who believe in Yahweh, Who don't regard pride and vanity.
It happened after few days, that about one hundred twenty brothers were gathered together, that Peter rose up and said,
He departed there, and went to his own country, and his disciples followed him.
Now I know what to do. After that they will receive me into their house.'
What shall I do then? I will pray in my soul, And will pray in your supplication; And I will show me the spirit and the spirit.
It happened after the fourteenth year, that I went up to Jerusalem with Barnabas, and with Titus.
You shall write them at the door of your house, and at the door of your gates.
The archers struck him with their arrows, and struck him with their arrows, and persecuted him.
So I drew near to him, and killed him; for I knew that when he was fallen, he wouldn't live: and I took the crown of his head, and the bracelet of his hands, and brought it to my lord.
You shall remember his great works which he did, the songs of praise which they sang out to you.
Immediately he proclaimed in the synagogues that he was the Son of God.
For as rain and snow descend from the sky, They will return no more. They water the earth, and give its fruit to the ground, so that seed may be sown, and food may be given to it.
I tell you that as in the sky, there will be one rejoicing for the sinner, more than the righteous who don't repent for the ninety-nine.
Your riches are like palm trees. Your breasts are like clusters of fruit.
Behold, brother is at peace. He is at peace. He is at peace. He is at peace.
The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ be with you.
You clothed me with skin and flesh, And made me clasp myself with bones and roots.
neither built house to dwell in, nor vineyard, neither fields, nor seed.
I am the God of Bethel. From there you have anointed the pillars, and vowed a vow to me. Now arise, get you away from this place, and return to your land.'
The king of Israel said to Jehoshaphat, Didn't I tell you that this man would not speak good of me, but evil.
Only the land of the children of Ammon, and the land by the side of the Jabbok, and the cities of the hill country, and the land which Yahweh our God has forbidden us to go there, you shall not come near to it.
Are you the first to be born? Or are you the first to be formed above the mountains?
They shall command, saying, Prepare you for war, and fight; arise, and let us go up at noon. They said, Alas for the day, the shadow of the night is long.
When he was two years old when he lived in his own house, he received them all.
But you shall go down to Sheol to the uttermost part of the pit.
He said, I will give you the land of Canaan, and I will be your portion of your inheritance.
I will leave the poor and needy in the midst of you, and they shall trust in the name of Yahweh.
Behold, some of the people who were in the temple were oxen, sheep, and doves, and some were sitting there rushing on the money.
When therefore they came again to Jerusalem, and Jesus was walking in the temple, the chief priests, the scribes, and the elders came to him,
When he had made an end of offering the burnt offering, he said to the guard and to the captains of the army, Go in, kill them; don't let a man go out; and they struck them with the sword, and threw out the guard and the captains of the army; and they came to the city of the house of Baal.
They shall know that I am Yahweh their God, who brought them forth out of the land of Egypt, that I might dwell in the midst of them: I am Yahweh their God.
These are those who were numbered of the families of the sons of Merari according to their families, their fathers' houses,
If the fire has devoured the thorns, and it has devoured the heaps, or the heaps that were not cut out, or the fields, then he shall surely make restitution.
There were also consecrated holy things, six hundred bulls, and three thousand sheep.
He didn't continue in the council, but in the council of the Jews, who were the men of Arimathaea, who waited for the Kingdom of God.
The boy grew, and weaned him. Isaac weaned him, and Abraham made a great feast in the day when he weaned him.
Aaron and his sons covered the sanctuary, and all the vessels that were in the sanctuary, when they were come forth; and they shall bring forth the children of Kohath: but they shall not touch the holy things, that they not die: and all the things in the Tent of Meeting shall be the carrying of the children of Kohath.
Elijah answered the captain of the guard, If I am a man of God, let fire come down out of heaven, and burn with you fifty men. Fire came down out of the sky, and devoured him and the fifty men who were with him.
He shall make himself holy the days of his separation, and shall not put his head to his head; until the day of his separation is accomplished to Yahweh; he shall be holy, and shall bring forth the hair of his head.
The Spirit stood still, but I didn't see his form. I heard a voice before my eyes, and said,
The children of Dan went on their way. When Micah saw that they were stronger than he, he turned his face to his house.
Our elders and the people who are with us said to us, Take with you the food of the way, and meet them, and tell them, We are your servants: now therefore make a covenant with us.'
As he was with the apostles, he said to them, Don't go from Jerusalem, as I said to you, until the promise of the Father be made.
His servants shall serve him, and shall see his face; and his name shall be written on their foreheads.
Salt is good. If it is so, what will be the fruit of it?
Moses spoke to the children of Israel, saying, But they were grieved in their heart, and labored, so that they would not listen to Moses.
He went and said to the man of God, Elisha said, Go, don't go, neither leave your bread nor leave your son, that you may live.
We lay our hands on the day. We cursed them, but blessed them. We persecuted and endured them.
I saw the sea, with the sea of fire, and those who overcome it, the beasts, his image, and those who were numbered with the number of those who stood on the sea, and everyone with his God's rod in his power, standing in the sea.
I am burned with wrath, as with fire, because of those who forsake your law.
Jehoiada made a covenant with the people, and with the king, that he should be a people of Yahweh.
Therefore we boast in you in all the assembly of God; for in your persecutors and in your adversaries, in your patience and in your faith.
Remember his wondrous works, His signs, His ordinances, And his ordinances in his mouth.
He brought all that was taken, the captives, and the livestock.
I said to the king, If it please the king, please let me bring my letters to the governors beyond the River, and let me pass over to Judah;
Mephibosheth, Saul's son, was taken away by the king's hand; for David and Jonathan, Saul's son, had sworn by the name of Yahweh.
Again the king sent another horse, and came to them, and said, Is it peace, thus says the king? Jehu said, What have you to do with peace? turn you after me.
In that day the people secretly enter into the city, as in the battle, and flee away; and the people secretly enter in.
He went forth from the one end of the sky to the other end of the sky. All things were covered with him.
Now when they saw that you were no more with them, they marveled, and blasphemed at you.
But when Peter turned himself, and saw the disciples who Jesus loved following after them, he began to say to Jesus, Lord, who is the one who will betray you?'
When Jesus had said these things, he departed from Galilee into the region of Judea, beyond the Jordan.
The breadth of the gate was ten cubits; and the two sides of the gate were five cubits on this side, and five cubits on that side: and he measured the length of it forty cubits, and twenty cubits on that side.
When I was a Jew, I believed in the Lord because of the Jews. I believed, though not according to the law, because I believed in him who was under the law, because I believed in him who was under the law.
He said, I am also with you a little while, and I will return to him who sent me.
so that I may cause the house of Israel to rebuke themselves in their own heart, because they have joined themselves to me for their idols.
I will walk before Yahweh in the land of the living.
These are the portions which the priest shall have from the people: everyone who offers an ox or a sheep for a sacrifice shall give his finger, and his lips, and his feet, and his feet, and his feet, to the priest.
Then I and all the people whom I took shall come near to the city; and they shall flee before them, as at the first, when they shall come out against us.
They shouted with a loud voice, and with trumpets, and with trumpets they swore to Yahweh.
You shall not avenge yourself, nor hide yourself from the people of your own land; but you shall love your neighbor as yourself. I am Yahweh.
Let us therefore be bold, and come near to the throne of grace, that we may have mercy, grace, and help.
They cried with a loud voice, saying, Let him die! Let him die! crucify him! Pilate said to them, Do you want me to crucify your king? The chief priests answered, No one is king but Caesar. Pilate delivered him up to crucify him.
Can a reed flourish, and not be mire? Or a reed, that doesn't have water? Or a great one?
Yahweh your God has multiplied you exceedingly; behold, you are as the stars of the sky this day.
As the battle arose, the commanding officer feared him, and he was broken in pieces; and he commanded the soldiers to come down, and took Paul out of the midst of them, and brought him into the camp.
Six days shall you gather, but on the seventh day it shall be a Sabbath; and there shall be no Sabbath on that day.
But that the world might know that I loved the Father, and did do as the Father commanded me. Arise, and let us go.
He put the law in the ark, and put the poles on the ark, and put the mercy seat on the ark.
But if you will not listen to our voice, and be circumcised, then will we bring our sister away.
I will turn my ear to parables. I will show my mystery with harps.
Babylon was a cup of gold in his hand, and made all the earth drunk; and the nations drank of her wine, and the nations were stirred up.
For her sins are in the heavens, And God remembers her blemishes.
Righteousness shall be his belt, and faithfulness his belt.
Your two breasts are like the one that eats grass in the lily, from the dove, or the other from the dove.
Yahweh said to me, Take a great platter, and write the writing of it with men, and let it be written against Maher Shalal Hash Baz.
Joseph commanded the physicians who ministered to him, to charge his father with spices, and the physicians with spices poured out on Israel.
Yahweh said to Moses, Stretch out your hand over the land of Egypt, that the locusts may come up on the land of Egypt, and eat up every herb of the ground, which is without blemish.
As for all the wickedness of this people, which they have forsaken me, and burned incense to other gods, and have worshiped their hands, I will declare my judgments against them.
When I cry for help, My prayer shall not be heard.
When they had found him, they said to him, All the people are looking for you.
For though I am not present with you, yet am I with you in the Lord Jesus, who has made atonement for such sinners.
They said to Aaron, Make us gods, and lead us; for this Moses, who brought us up out of Egypt, didn't know what had happened.
God, your ways are holy. What god is there like you?
God said to Noah, This is the sign of the covenant that I have made with all flesh on the earth.
Don't let loving kindness and truth depart from you. Bind it on your neck, and write it on your heart.
that all may be yours, and the man whom you seek, as a multitude, shall return; and all the people shall be well.
The women who carried away captive the captives, both small and great, didn't kill any, but only carried them away captive.
Neither of the assembly of the Greeks, nor of the Greeks, nor of God, may you be a stumbling block to them.
Listen to their supplication, your servant, and your people Israel, when they pray toward this place: hear from heaven, and hear from your dwelling place; and when you hear, forgive.
and did not go up to Jerusalem to those who were before me to be apostles; but they went up to Arabia immediately, and came back to Damascus.
Jonathan said to David, I will do to you that which your soul desires.
God is magnified in his palaces.
He overlaid the two doors of the wood made of olive wood with gold of the appearance of cherubim, palm trees, and raisins; and he overlaid the cherubim with gold, and overlaid them with gold, and overlaid them with palm trees.
He shall judge among the nations, and he shall fill every place with the body. He shall break the head of his enemies on many nations.
You shall bring Aaron, and his sons, and his garments, and anoint the fat of them, and the bull of the sin offering, and two rams, one basket without bread.
But if she doesn't bear the head, when she prays, or when she prophesies, even the head of her own head, the husband of her own husband, and the woman, and the hair of her head, causes her to shave.
But we will praise Yahweh forever and ever. Praise Yah!
You shall offer these with their drink offerings, besides the continual burnt offering, and the meal offering of it: you shall offer them without blemish.
He sang before men, I have sinned, I have turned aside, I have not profited.
Consider this, you who don't forget God's servant, lest I tear you in pieces, and there be none to save you.
If a man sins worthy of death, and he be put to death, and you hang him on a tree;
He said, The fourth animal shall be the fourth kingdom, which is on the surface of the earth: it shall not be burdensome with all its kingdoms; and it shall devour the whole land, and it shall be trodden down, and shall be broken to pieces.
If your father sees that I am not there, then you shall say, David has earnestly asked that I let him go to his city Bethlehem, because he will offer there a year'.
Lord, how long will you watch? Deliver my soul from their calamity! Deliver my soul from the fierce lions!
But I write a new commandment to you from another corner, which is true to you and to Christ; for darkness passes over, and light has gone forth.
The men of Nineveh will rise up in the judgment with this generation, and will condemn it; for they have heard of Jonah's preaching, and have repented much more.
It happened on the next day, that they rose up early in the morning, and worshiped before Yahweh, and returned to Ramah, to his house: and Elkanah and Hannah his wife remembered Hannah,
Shout, you heavens! Shout, you earth! Shout, you mountains! For Yahweh has comforted his people, And will have mercy on their afflictions.
Yahweh said to him, Go up, go down, go up with Aaron: but the priests and the people shall not pass over before Yahweh; lest he come forth and strike them.
Then there were two robbers, one on the right hand, and one on the left, crucified with Jesus.
After two days, Jesus departed from there into Galilee.
Why didn't you give this ointment to the poor and needy, and sell it to three hundred denarii?
Will you yet exalt yourself to my people, And not let them go?
Then I came to Thessalonica, and lived by the captivity at the river Chebar, to the place where they lived; and there I sat seven days in the midst of them, and was amazed.
For Jesus knew who would betray him, and he said, You are not all clean.
Moses came down from Mount Sinai; and his hand was on the two tables of the covenant, and his face was toward Yahweh while he was going down to the mountain: and when he spoke to him, he shone, and said, Moses doesn't know it.
But he didn't know that there was a cloud there. His guests were in Sheol.
Not only so, but also so much as we also, that it will be an evil report, and a deceitful vision, and the house of Artemis the elder, will be despised. The daughters of Artemis, who are in all Asia, will be put to shame.
The Pharisees heard that he was more than John the Baptizer, and much more baptized.
For if the Lord Yahweh didn't show the prophets his servant by his secret counsel, they didn't do it.
Many times Yahweh has delivered them, but they have rebelled against him in their plot; for their sins are ceased.
Phinehas the son of Eleazar was ruler over them, and Yahweh was with him.
Now these are the appearances of each one of them. On the four sides are the cherubim, and on the four corners are the cherubim.
but you shall not eat his blood; you shall pour it on the earth, and shall pour out water in its place.
Saul said, Yahweh bless you, because you have pity on me.
He who has understanding answered, We fear that we will not be able to divide the matter between you. Yahweh is good for you to buy.'
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
They are like a lion that roars with his voice, That he may tear me from devouring me.
He didn't give his hand against the nobles of Israel. When they saw God, they ate and drank.
He who is perverse in heart is an abomination to Yahweh, But he who does a perfect work pleases him.
Yahweh spoke to Gad the seer of David, saying,
Let them praise Yahweh for his loving kindness, For his wonderful works to the children of men.
The third lot was for the Zebulun according to their families.
It happened after this, that the children of Israel blew the trumpet in the hill country of Ephraim, and the children of Israel went down after him out of the hill country: and Ehud went before them.
I cry to you. Deliver me. I will keep your precepts.
This is the law of the ark: The length of it was three hundred cubits, and the breadth of it fifty cubits, and the height of it thirty cubits.
When a bull touches the son of a man, or the daughter, it shall be done according to this law.
You said to me, Yahweh has heard the voice of your words. Yahweh said to me, I have heard the voice of this people speaking, which they spoke to you. All their words are good.
If he shall contend with me, and kill me, then we shall be your bondservants: if I prevail against him, and kill him, then you shall be our bondservants, and serve us.
This hope is not for us; for God has poured out his Spirit on us, which he has given us.
Yahweh, I have prayed to you. My prayer will come before you in the morning.
Son of man, hear the word that I speak to you: don't rebel, as the rebellious house, and open your mouth, and eat that which I give you.
A man of the children of Israel found him in the wilderness on the Sabbath heaps of wood.
God said to the angel, Sit at my right hand until I subdue your enemies under your feet?
They came to do violence, and drew near before them, and gathered the captives together, as the sand in abundance.
He came to Jerusalem, and worshiped, and went away. He sat in the chariots, and read Isaiah the prophet.
As for the remnant whom you have left, I will make them afraid and faint in the land of their enemies; and they shall pursue after them the voice of the wind with which they have lifted up their voice: they shall besieged, as a sword tosssed, and none shall pursue them; and he shall fall.
He did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh: he didn't depart from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, with which he made Israel to sin.
If you stretch out your hand now on him, and touch all that he has, he will surely cut you off face to face.
and you have broken the kingdom from the house of David, and given it to you: yet you have not walked after me, as David my servant walked in my commandments, to do with my heart as it was right in my eyes.
It will happen, when God blesses the children of Israel, that you shall see my house in ruin, and there shall be no old man in your house forever.
The king of Samaria will perish like the breach of waters.
Foolish man had two daughters, and they said continually, Give me, give me, for they have three things which can't be satisfied, but four things which have not been satisfied:
He arose, and went to Zerephath: and behold, when he was at the gate of the city, behold, a widow was gathering wood in the place where she was. He called to him, and said, Give me a little water of the sheep.
They shall keep the charge of all the vessels of the tent of meeting, and of all the men of Israel, to do the service of the tent of meeting.
Amaziah returned from the slaughter of the Edomites, and took the gods of the Seirites, and made them gods of his own, and bowed down before them, and burnt incense to them.
I applied my heart to know wisdom, to know madness and folly. Afterward I perceived that it also is a chasing after wind.
Will you reject us, God? Will you not go forth with our armies, God?
Micah said to him, Where are you from? He said to him, I am the Levite of Bethlehem Judah, who will seek a place to dwell in.
Now Jeshua, and Bani, and Kadmiel, and Shebaniah, and Bunni, and Sherebiah, and Bani, and Chenani, stood on the side of the Levites, and cried with a loud voice to Yahweh their God.
These are the words which Yahweh made in the land of Moab, which he commanded Moses and the children of Israel, besides the covenant which he made with them in Horeb.
The winepress was trodden down outside of the city; and blood was poured out from the winepress, and the height of it was two cubits, and the length of it was about three hundred cubits.
Yahweh spoke to Joshua, saying,
He came with his disciples to a place called Gideman. He said to his disciples, Sit down here until I pray.
The king made beams for the house of Yahweh, and for the king's house, and harps and psalteries for the singers; and they didn't see in the land of Judah like that.
Zedekiah said to Jeremiah, Don't let anyone know these words, but you shall not die.
Bring forth your light and your truth, and lead me to your holy mountain, to your tent.
He has shown the mighty works of his people. He has given them the heritage of the nations.
It happened in the third year of Cyrus king of Persia, that Daniel, whose name was Belteshazzar, was declared to be a great war, a thing of truth: and Daniel understood this vision.
God will destroy you forever. He will take you, and will take you out of the tent, and will pluck you out of the land of the living. Selah.
We have broken down the south side of the Cherethites, and the land of Judah, and the south side of Caleb; and we have burned Ziklag with fire.
Don't tell the people what they say. Don't be afraid, neither be dismayed, nor be dismayed, that they are afraid.
For God is not worthy to die, neither is there any who has seen him, nor can see him. Honor and everlasting dominion belong to him. Amen.
I will cause the pestilence and the blood to enter into the street of Sidon, and the wound shall lie between it, and a sword shall be against it round about; and they shall know that I am Yahweh.
Those who hate Yahweh shall come and submit themselves to him, But they shall continue in their vengeance.
Hear my voice, God, when I cry. Keep my soul from the enemy.
When he had said this, he saw that Jesus was alone. They were silent, and didn't tell anyone what they saw.
gave his offering: one silver platter, the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering;
But as the tabernacle of heaven is, and as the shadow is, so is the minister of the law: as Moses was about to make the tent of meeting, so did God show him, saying, Take heed to himself that I have made you the pattern of it on the mountains.
He who doesn't listen to this prophet will destroy them out of the midst of his people.
Yahweh said to Moses, I also will do this thing that you have spoken: for you have found favor in my sight, and I have called you in my name.
Jesus refused, and said to him, Return to your house, to your relatives, and show them mercy on the Lord, and to all the great things that you do.
You, house of Israel, set you the way for yourselves, and stand on the posts; set you the way toward the highway, by the way that you go; return you, and return to your cities.
A man of kindness profits his own life, But a cruel man kills his own body.
Those who were in his city, even the elders of that city, and the nobles, did according to the writing that Jezebel had written, according to the writing that he had sent to them.
But if you know that it is written, I desire mercy, and I don't desire sacrifice', you shall not condemn those who have no sin.
Who has declared this to us from the beginning? Who has declared it from the beginning, that we should say, He is not cut down?' But there is no interpretation, neither is there any reverence, nor hears your words.
It happened on a day when Jesus was at Bethany, and was going to the house of Simon the leper, when he sat at the table,
They were glad, but they didn't believe. While they were still standing still, Jesus said to them, What are you eating?
Of the people, give glory to Yahweh, and to Yahweh, every nation.
He said to them, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, Go, return to me the man who sent you, saying,
and behold, a poor widow cast two men's dens into the pit.
Yahweh said to me, Take again the foolish shepherds' vessels,
He stretched out his hand against his fellow man, and rebelled against his covenant which he had made.
Joshua sent from Jericho to Bethel eastward, by Ai, which is in the city of Beth Aven, saying, Go, spy out the land. They went and looked at Ai.
For though I desire to know this word, yet I am in anguish;
Jesus answered them, Pray for this kind of thing, and cast it out.
Then Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came, and fought against him, and bound him with fetters of brass to bring him to Babylon.
It shall come to pass in that day, says Yahweh, that I will gather the lame together, and gather the outcasts together, and the afflicted whom I have afflicted him.
I know what is good in life, and what is good in life. Whether it is full of hunger, lack of bread, lack of bread, or lack of bread, I know.
When I heard that my heart was troubled, and my tongue shook, and my bones were decayed, and I trembled in my place; but I waited for the day of calamity, and the inhabitants of the land came up.
It happened after few days, that Jesus came from Nazareth of Galilee, and was baptized in the Jordan from John.
When the jailer arose, and saw that the prison was opened, and that all the prisoners were fled, they drew their swords, that they might be gathered together.
The word of Yahweh came to me in the eleventh year, in the beginning of the month, saying,
I will fly afar off, And lodge in the wilderness. Selah.
He will deliver us from the hand of the enemy, From the hand of all those who hate us;
So Samuel brought all the tribes of Israel near; and he took the tribe of Benjamin.
The enemy shall be destroyed, and shall be desolate forever: you have destroyed their cities, and no man shall remember them any more.
Why have you humbled yourself before me? have you seen him? for he humbled himself before me: therefore will I not bring this evil on his son in the day that he live, to bring it on his house.
Why are they broken in pieces? Why are the praises of the sky gone down? Why is Babylon become a desolation in the midst of the nations?
In his right hand went the divination of the arrows to Jerusalem; and he set the head of the sheep, and cried with his mouth, and cried with a loud voice, and struck the head of the sheep against the gate of the city, and built the heaps to build the heaps.
Martha said to him, Lord, if you are here, our brother will not die.
The seventh angel sounded with a loud voice, saying, The kingdom of the world is the Kingdom of our God, and of his Christ; and he shall reign forever and ever.
Of the children of Dan, their generations, by their families, by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all who were able to go out to war;
The farmer is ashamed, and has his head covered; Because he doesn't give rain, the earth is too big for him.
In the seventh month, in the tenth day of the month, you shall blow the trumpet in the sound of the trumpet; and you shall blow the trumpet throughout all the earth in the day of the sin offering.
Then the brook withers, because there was no water in the land.
If you ask for understanding, Make a great cry for understanding.
When they chose the new gods, they came to the gates of their cities: and when Israel was forty thousand, did he see the shield and the spear?
Yahweh said to Gideon, I will deliver you with these three hundred men of water, and will deliver the Midianites into your hand; and all the people shall return to their place.
It happened in the two years that it was so, that all who were in Asia, both Jews and Greeks, heard the word of the Lord.
He said to him, Go in peace, and let the God of Israel grant your petition to him.
When he saw that there was none there round about, he struck the Egyptian, and put him in the sand.
Therefore, brothers, comforted are we in all our affliction, in your faith.
One of the multitude cried out, Teacher, see my son, my son.
that you may be glorified in the name of our Lord Jesus, and glorified in him, both God and the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ.
The hand of Yahweh will fall on this mountain; and Moab will be trodden down in the land where he dwells, as the dry grass trodden under the pool.
Don't I command you? Be strong, don't be afraid, neither be dismayed; for Yahweh your God will be with you wherever you go.
It happened that day, that Deborah and Barak the son of Abinoam sang, saying,
Whoever touches anything that touches him shall be unclean until the evening. Whoever carries it shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the evening.
For though you didn't see him, and loved him, yet you didn't see him, and still believed him, and you didn't have the right to be glorified with words,
I will shoot three arrows beside the rock like a snare.
The five men who had seen the land of Laish said to their brothers, Do you know that there are in the houses ephods and idols in the houses, engraved images and molten images? Now consider what shall be the good?
Behold, there is a great evil under the sun, which the lord of his substance has kept against himself.
Out of his mouth proceed the brands of fire, Of the fire that comes out of his mouth, Of the fire that comes out of his cup.
He sent before them a man first, whom Joseph was sold for a bondservant.
Don't long for the night, When the people are cut off from their place.
and say, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: A great eagle, and great wings, and long ends, and open grass, and teraphim, and a cup to Lebanon, and a thorn of cedar;
Not Adam, who was deceived, but a woman was drawn away, and brought into sin.
They said, We knew him. They said, Is he well? They said, Peace. Behold, Rachel his daughter came with the flock.
It is a day of wrath, a day of distress, a day of destruction of the desolation, a day of darkness of darkness, a day of thick clouds,
Go up to Gilead, and take frankincense, you daughter of Egypt; you shall have abundance of kidneys, but you shall not be healed.
He who destroys shall come into all the cities, and there shall not a city be cut off; and the valley shall pass away, and the valley shall be destroyed, as Yahweh has spoken.
It happened after three years, that the two servants of Shimei fled to Achish the son of Maacah king of Gath. They told Shimei, saying, Behold, your servant is at Gath.
For no man is exalted from the east, nor from the west, nor from the south.
David longed, and said, Who will give me water to drink by the gate of Bethlehem?
It happened after forty years, in the wilderness of Mount Sinai, that an angel appeared to Moses in the flame of thorns.
He was sixteen years old when he began to reign; and he reigned fifty-two years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Jehoriah of Jerusalem.
You shall offer an offering made by fire to Yahweh for a burnt offering: two young bulls, one ram, seven male lambs a year old; you shall have no blemish.
Don't you know that your body is the body of Christ? Shall I then make the members of Christ a prostitute's body? May it never be!
Menahem struck Tephizath, and all who were among them, and all his borders, from Tirzah; for they didn't open the gate to him: therefore they struck him, and broke in pieces all the women who were in the midst of him.
For whatever place there are two or three men gathered together in my name, and I will be with them.
So they called the days of Pur, according to the name of Pur; for they had seen all the words of this letter, and all the things that they saw in this matter.
It happened in the ninth year of king Nebuchadnezzar, king of Babylon, in the fifth month, on the seventh day of the month, that Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard, king of Babylon, came to Jerusalem,
Jesus took the twelve, and went aside, and said to them, Behold, we are going up to Jerusalem, and all that is written concerning the Son of Man will be fulfilled.
David was afraid of Yahweh that day, saying, Why should the ark of Yahweh come to me?
His bones are like brass, His members like iron.
When Elisha the man of God heard that the king of Israel was tore his clothes, he sent to the king, and said, Why have you torn your clothes? bring him to me, and he shall know that there are prophets in Israel.
He broke down the pillars, and cut down the Asherim, and filled the country with the bones of man.
The birds of the sky, and the fish of the sea, and all the living creatures of the sea, were over him.
From the days of John the Baptizer to this day, the Kingdom of Heaven has been stirred up, and mighty men have taken spoil by force.
He came to his father's house to Ophrah, and killed the sons of Jerubbaal, the seventy men his brothers, on one stone; but Jotham, the youngest of the sons of Jerubbaal, remained, because he had fled.
A Holy One's heart will understand knowledge, But one who has a loud tongue will speak diligently and understand.
God revealed the prophets, that they didn't know their service to themselves, but for you. These things were spoken to you through the Good News, by the Spirit who sent out of heaven, and by the angels, until they were known.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
I have not bought man's money, nor clothing,
The glory of Yahweh went up out of the midst of the city, and lodged on the east side of the city.
The mouth of the righteous thrives, But the fool dies without knowledge.
The women said to Naomi, Blessed be Yahweh, who has not forsaken you this day, so that you have no kinsman. Let this child be famous in Israel.
Their heart melts like oil, But I love your law.
God will not redeem his wrath. He will subdue those who are under him.
as the valley of a scattered stream, as the garden by the river, as the cedars of the knowledge of Yahweh, as the cedars of the waters by the waters,
He came, and saw them sleeping because of the long eye, and they didn't know how to answer him.
This light is dark, but darkness doesn't receive light.
Therefore I exhort you in the name of the Lord, that you don't persist any more in those things which are beyond the Gentiles.
Out of the tribe of Dan they gave to Jericho, and to its suburbs, to Gibbethon, and to its suburbs;
Jesus stood still, and summoned and brought him. As he came near, he asked him,
For you say, Where is the house of the queen? Where is the house of the wicked?
He who strikes a bull will be buttered, and he who strikes a nostrils will be blooded; so that he who provokes to anger stirs up strife.
As is the law of the children of the children of the children of Ammon, and of the children of the children of foreigners, so is the law of the fathers.
Moses said to Yahweh, Then the Egyptians shall hear; for you have brought up this people out of the midst of them by your might.
It happened, when Ishmael his son was circumcised, that he was thirteen years old.
They heard that Jesus was risen, and that Mary saw it, and she didn't believe.
In the midst of the nations he has declared his glory. In the midst of the peoples he has spoken of his wondrous works.
So Uzziah was angry, and took the censer to burn incense in his hand; and when he was angry with the priests, he raised up his head suddenly before the priests who were in the house of Yahweh by the altar of incense.
She smoked ashes on her head, and tore off the purple garment, and went headlong with her hand, and wept as she went.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
You shall not touch him with your hand, but shall stone him or shoot him with an arrow: neither shall any man nor animal touch him or touch him; and when the sound of the trumpet goes out, they shall come down to the hill country.
In the twenty year that Jeroboam king of Israel began Asa to reign over Judah.
He set him on the high places of the earth, to eat the fruit of the field; and he gave him drink from the rock, and drink the fat of the fire.
His lord said to his servant, Go out into the way, and get someone by the side, that my house may be filled.
Blessed are those who are filled with sin, For God comforts them.
For I will bless you because of the house of Yahweh our God.
For if it is a good thing to do good, it will be a good name for itself, and if so, it will be able to speak boldly concerning the word of Christ Jesus.
They have ears, but they can't hear; They have no nose, but they can't hear.
They went in to Samaria, and Elisha said, Yahweh, open the eyes of these men, that they may see them. Yahweh opened their eyes, and they saw, and didn't see, but they were in the city of Samaria.
Then Absalom fled; and the young men of the watch lifted up their eyes, and saw, and behold, a great multitude came after him by the way of the mountain by the side of the mountain.
Behold, I will make you a new vessel of grain, and in it shall be built; and you shall strike the mountains to the mouth, and make the mountains to be as chaff.
The four tables for the service of the burnt offering shall be the heaps, the heaps, and the heaps, the length of which shall be half a cubit, and the breadth of which shall be half a cubit, and the height of which shall be one cubit: the burnt offering and the vessels of the offering shall be on it.
For the law of the children of Israel is the law of the priests who are under the charge of the Levites, who profane the things which are lawful for a man, and who doesn't set up another priest of Melchizedek, who doesn't receive the things which are lawful for Aaron.
He sat opposite the sacrifice, and saw all the people cast down, and there was a great multitude of rich people, and they cast out much money.
His chambers shall be inhabited forever without man, and there shall be none to dwell in; and the Arabians shall not pitch their tents there, neither shall the keepers of their flocks be left there.
You shall not redeem the money of your life for the blood of the man who kills the dead, but you shall surely put him to death.
I have prepared for my God a house of strength, of gold for gold, of silver for vessels of silver, of brass for vessels of iron, of iron for vessels of iron, and of wood for wood; and of horses, and of precious stones for precious stones, and of light, and of the stones of the grass, and of every stone, and of the great stones.
Ahaziah was forty-two years old when he began to reign; and he reigned one year in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Athaliah the daughter of Omri.
He said to them, Behold, Yahweh's fear is wisdom, and he is understanding from evil.
For he is a rudder-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-breadth-bread
He spoke of the locusts, from the cedars of Lebanon to the heifers that came up on the wall, and of the animals, and of the birds, and of the creeping things, and of the waters.
The understanding will seek knowledge with their whole heart, But the mouth of fools will love folly.
He gave to the king one hundred talents of gold, and many spices, and precious stones: and the spices that were brought after them were no more like the multitude of the kings of king Solomon whom Sheba the queen had given to her.
If your brother turns into a poor man, and lives with you, and sells himself to you, don't let him be as a servant to you.
You shall not take gold, silver, or brass, in your kidneys.
Yahweh's works are great. All those who delight in him will be glad to find out what he has done.
So you will be our glory in the day of our Lord Jesus, and we will be your glory.
When Joab saw that the enemy was before him, he set the battle in array, and chose out of the army of Israel the horsemen, that they might set the battle in array against the Syrians.
All those who were around him begged him that he would leave them, for they were sore afraid. He departed in the boat.
I said to the priests and to all the people of this land, Thus says Yahweh, Don't listen to the prophets who prophesy to you. They said, Behold, the vessels of the house of Yahweh shall not return from Babylon; whereas they prophesy to you falsely.
I, Yahweh, have called you righteously to take your hand, and to keep you, that you may be a light to the nations, a mediator of the covenant of the people;
Now I tell you that you shall not take these men, but let them go; for if they devise and do, they shall surely fall;
He who takes away the wicked from before the king, His kingdom shall be established in righteousness.
You shall fear Yahweh your God, and serve him, and be in his place, and swear by his name.
If I am afraid of the multitudes of the great multitudes, I am afraid of the destruction of my relatives, so that I can't go out at all;
No custom for us in Rome, or in our custom, is right.
It happened on the next day, that the Philistines came to spy out those who were slain, and found Saul and his three sons dead on Mount Gilboa.
The length of his clothing was as the breadth of his flesh: and his name was called the Word of God.
Then the firstborn of a man's hand was revealed, and the writing was written in the king's house and in the lampstand, and the king saw the writing written in his hand.
You shall remember that you were a bondservant in the land of Egypt; therefore I command you to do so.
It shall happen, when you hear the word of Yahweh your God, that the blessing shall come on you, and shall come on you:
that you may be filled with the comfort of the knowledge which is able in Christ.
There was a man's face on this side, and he looked toward the palm tree; and there was a lion's face on that side, and he looked toward the palm tree; and so was the house round about.
When your people go forth to the way which you have sent them to fight against their enemies, to pray to you in the city which you have chosen, and in the house which I have built for your name,
The Jews sought Jesus at the feast, and asked them, Where is the man?
Oh that our Lord's exhortation was a ransom, and Paul, our beloved brother, gave God's wisdom to him, and wrote to you also in this letter.
According to these things he made ten brass bases. In like manner they were fashioned, fashioned, and fashioned.
Yahweh will reign over all the earth. Yahweh is only that day, and his name is only.
For he is not the God of the dead, but of the living, because they are all living for the Lord.
Leah conceived, and bore a son, and called his name Reuben, for he said, Yahweh has seen my affliction. Now my husband will love me.
Many brothers are confident that they are in the Lord because of my prison, and are not afraid to preach God's word.
For they plot to harm you, But they will not prevail.
The offering was for the man to open the way, and to bring it before a great woman.
I will sacrifice to you thanksgiving, And will call on the name of Yahweh.
Trust in a strong faith in him, for you know that all the brothers of the earth are afflicted.
So all the elders of Israel came to the king to Hebron; and David made a covenant with them in Hebron before Yahweh: and they anointed David, and made him king over Israel, as Yahweh had spoken by Samuel.
When you saw Nahash king of the children of Ammon come against you, you said to me, No; but we have appointed a king over us: whereas Yahweh your God is your King.
Behold, I tell you the truth: there were in Elijah three or three years in the days of old, and there was a great famine in all the land, and there were many widows in Israel.
Joseph took Jacob his father, and went in to him, and stood before Pharaoh. He blessed Pharaoh.
Blessed be yours, and I will bless them. Cursed be yours, and I will punish him. In you will all the families of the earth be blessed.
Aren't you eating and drinking and drinking, eating and drinking?
then your heart was feeble, and you humbled yourself before Yahweh; for when you heard the words that he spoke against this place, and against the inhabitants of it, then you humbled yourself before me, and tore your clothes, and wept before me, I have heard your words, says Yahweh.
Thus you are witnesses of your children who have been with the prophets.
You have taken hold of my feet with your feet. You have looked at all my ways. You have taught my feet.
When they had come into the city, they raised up a great tower, and heard; and there were Peter, John, James, Andrew, Philip, Thomas, Bartholomew, Matthew, James the son of Alphaeus, Simon of Selud, and Judas Jacob's son.
My God, I will sing praises to you, and praise your truth. The Holy One of Israel, I will sing praises to you.
They likewise said to him, You are the disciple of the man, and we are the disciple of Moses.
She said, Blessed be you me, that you have set me in the land of the South; give me springs of water. She gave her springs that were on the top of the waters.
Sarah feared one, and denied it, saying, I don't laugh. The man said, No, but you have a laugh.
The children of Benjamin returned at that time; and the children of Israel gave them the rest of the daughters of Jabesh Gilead, which they had left to him; yet they were not sufficient.
As one of those who are bound by the Lord, I exhort you to be called by God in all things.
Jehoshaphat the son of Asa began to reign in his place, and strengthened himself against Israel.
It is not from God that you confess this, neither is it from the Spirit, nor from the Spirit of the Antichrist; but you have heard that it is coming, and that it has come into the world.
Jesus touched his hands, and immediately he sat on the table, and rose up and ministered to him.
The beast's head was like a deadly wound, and his life was healed. All the children of the earth marveled, and they followed him.
He built the court of the priests, and the great court, and the door of the court, and fastened the doors of brass.
The floods overflowed forty days on the earth. The waters were raised up, and the ark was plowed with grapes, and the ark was sunk in the ground.
Find out more about money, Find out more about it, like hidden treasures,
then the elders of his city shall call to him, and shall tell him, If he says in his heart, I will not lead him;'
When they were baptized, Jesus also came to be baptized. When he prayed, he opened the heaven,
and Ain with its suburbs, and Uthah with its suburbs, and Beth Shemesh with its suburbs, and the ninth city with its suburbs, out of them two tribes.
Behold, two prisoners were taken with him, and were led astray.
He who devises evil will be called evil-doers.
Laban and Bethuel answered, It is come to pass that we are not able to speak to you either good or bad of Yahweh.
Now I don't live, but Christ lives in me. I live now, and live in the Son of God. He loves me, and forsakes my life.
(The half of the congregation had thirty-three thousand and seven thousand and five hundred sheep;
Joash king of Israel took Amaziah king of Judah, the son of Jehoash the son of Jehoahaz, at Beth Shemesh; and he brought him to Jerusalem, and broke down the walls of Jerusalem from the gate of Ephraim to the corner gate four hundred cubits.
Isn't it said, The Christ is the son of David, who went out from Bethlehem, David's brother?'
Thus shall you perish from off these nations which Yahweh destroys before you; because you didn't listen to the voice of Yahweh your God.
Rejoice always in the Lord, and in the Lord. Rejoice, and I will speak again.
For if a tree is cut, yet there is hope and a stumbling block in it, and no branch is left behind.
He has saved others, so that they can't save themselves. He is king over Israel. Let's believe, that he has come down from the cross.
Every man who has a discharge from his body shall be unclean, every bed whereon he lies. He shall sit on it, and it shall be unclean.
It happened at the first, when the king was come out, that David sent Joab, and all his servants, and all Israel; and they struck the children of Ammon, and struck Rabbah: and David abode in Jerusalem.
Hezekiah turned his face to the wall, and prayed to Yahweh, saying,
When I come to you, don't persecute me from you. I will not be carried away from those who do the things that are done by us in the flesh.
We have cried out like a bear, Like a turtledove. He looks for justice, But he doesn't find it. He looks for salvation, But he is far from us.
Grace, mercy, and peace from God the Father, and Jesus Christ our Son, the Son of our Father, fills us with truth and love.
I adjure you, daughters of Jerusalem, By the roes of the field, that you not stir up, nor awaken from my desire.
All the money that was found in the house of Yahweh was poured out, and given into the hand of the workmen, and into the hand of the laborers.
It happened, when the morning had come, that he went out again, and saw a man standing in a great way gloriously,
For the king's ships went with the servants of Hiram to Tarshish: and the ships of Tarshish were of gold, and of silver, and of ivory, and of fine flour, and of fine flour, three years, and three years.
It happened, when Joshua was dead, that the children of Israel said to Yahweh, Who shall go up before us, and fight against the Canaanites?
There was a lame man in Lystra, and he sat alone, and from his mother's womb he bowed himself, and could not do it.
He tore the tower of Penuel, and killed the man of the city.
I will declare to him the sum of my steps, that I may come to him as a king.
because they persecuted you with deceitful counsel, and ensnared you with deceitful counsel, and with their sisters, the daughter of Midian, and Cozbi, in the day of deceitful counsel against you; for the day of the pestilence was this Cozbi; for the matter of Beor was laid waste.
When he was struck, he was still alive with many witnesses. In the tenth day of the month, he appeared to the apostles, and spoke to them concerning the Kingdom of God.
If the ear says, I am not the eye, it is not the body's. Therefore the ear shall not be uncircumcised.
Jesus came near, and gave them bread, and the fish were divided among them.
Jehoram said, Bow down, and take his chariot. Jehoram king of Israel went out, and Ahaziah king of Judah; and they sat everyone on his chariot, and took Jehu; and they found him in the field of Naboth the Jezreelite.
They cast out many demons, and anointed many sick people, and healed them.
He saw that for the riches of Egypt he was more honorable than he, because he looked for the reward.
For I purposed that none of these things should be raised up, except in the midst of you, Jesus Christ, who was crucified by him.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Until I visit you, shall your heart be refreshed? shall your hand be strong? Yahweh has spoken this word, and he shall do it.
She had two wives. One named Hannah, and another named Peninnah. There were children born to Peninnah, and Hannah had no children.
He spoke to the children of Benjamin, saying, Go, hide yourself in the vineyards,
Adonijah said to him, Come in, you are an arrogant man, and a good news.
Day by day they were gathered together together in the temple, and went to the house to celebrate and to celebrate and to celebrate and to celebrate and to celebrate and to celebrate and to celebrate.
They answered him, Our fathers are Abraham. Jesus said to them, If you are Abraham's seed, you will do what Abraham does.
I tell you, the camels also go beyond the needle's eye to a rich man into the Kingdom of Heaven.
If you bring the offering of your furnace for a meal offering, you shall offer unleavened cakes of fine flour, mixed with oil, or unleavened cakes of oil.
He sent also the young men of Israel to offer the burnt offering, and the oxen for peace offerings to Yahweh.
The oxen went toward Beth Shemesh by the way, and went by the highway; and as they went astray, they didn't turn to the right hand nor to the left: and the lords of the Philistines followed, and came to the border of Beth Shemesh.
It happened, when Adoni-Zedek king of Jerusalem heard that Joshua had taken Ai, and that he destroyed all the cities of Ai, as he had done to Jericho and to his king, as he had done to Ai, and that he heard that there was peace between the inhabitants of Gibeon and Israel,
All the land of Egypt is before you, that your father and your brothers may dwell in a good land in the land of the land; and they may dwell in the land of Goshen: and if you know that there is more to them than any of their people, then you shall set them over my livestock.
Remember them, my God, because they have defiled the priests, and have broken the covenant of the priests the Levites.
You will be hated by all men for my sakes.
I will make a distinction between my people and your people, and tomorrow shall have this sign.'
then shall you fasten your tongue, and speak no evil words; and the words of your lips shall not be spoken deceitfully.
The sons of Levi, the keepers of the priesthood, who were all of the children of Abraham, even the children of Israel, were brothers; but they were commanded, according to the law, to the tithe of those who were brought in by the testimony of the people.
Then Judah was his sanctuary, and Israel was his helper.
When Jesus saw the two ships by the sea, he caught fish and fish, and they went away from the boat.
When you enter into any city, or to any of the censers, then you shall inquire of whoever it is who shall take you, and go and dwell there, and turn aside from there.
Yahweh my God, let your heart remember the prayer of your servant, and the supplication of your supplication, to hear the cry which your servant prays before you this day.
To Yahweh give glory and strength, You son of the Mighty One, to Yahweh.
You have not satisfied me with money to buy for me, nor with the oil of sacrifice; but have made me to labor because of your sins, that I may be weary for your iniquities.
Judas, the son of Jacob, and Judas Iscariot, who betrayed him.
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, everyone who entered into the service, for work in the Tent of Meeting.
and I will establish him forever in my house, and in my kingdom; and his throne shall be established forever.
Others fell by the road, when he sowed. The birds came, and ate the seed.
Yahweh said to Joshua, Don't be afraid of them; for I have delivered them into your hand; and none of them shall stand before you.
all the sheep, and the oxen, and the animals of the field,
Son of man, prophesy in this way, and tell Gog, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: Don't you know the day in which my people Israel dwells in safety?
From the great river even to the land of the Philistines, even to the border of Egypt, Solomon ruled over them: and they brought tribute and served Solomon all the days of his life.
The fracture of the friend is good. But the taste of the enemy is great.
The idol will perish together.
He said to them, What are you arguing with them?
Don't forsake me, Yahweh. Don't far from me, my God.
Jesus answered them, You didn't consider it necessary. You didn't know the power of God.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: In the first month, on the first day of the month, take the bull without blemish, and sanctify the sanctuary.
Then Zedekiah the king commanded that Jeremiah should be shut up in the court of the guard every day out of the house of show bread he should give him a band of dough, until there was no wall in the city, so that Jeremiah remained in the court of the guard.
The king said to all his people, Behold, this people Israel is stronger than we.
It happened afterward, that they poured out their sacks, so that they could not reach to every man's sack in his sack; and they were dismayed, and their father, when they saw the money.
For many of you added thanks to God, not only to those who believe, but also to those who serve them.
Wherever you enter into a house, you shall dwell therein, and you shall travel from there.
We are of God, and our servants who know God listen to us, and don't belong to God's servants, that we may discern the Spirit of truth, and the Spirit of error.
He let go those who are in fear of death, who are in bondage to death all the days of their life.
Let the king judge the afflicted people, And deliver the poor, And crush the oppressor.
and he shall take of the sheaf of the sheaf, and lay it down on the ground, and gather it; he shall not shout for it.
Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel, for you have revealed your servant, saying, I will build you a house: therefore your servant shall pray to you boldly with this prayer.
Tell them, All the gods of heaven and earth, who are not made, shall perish from the earth and from the sky.
But Jesus lay down in the boat. They woke him up, saying, Rabbi, aren't we ready to lose a life?
The child burnt a brook in his inward parts, and he said, Why then have I found such a thing? He went and inquired of Yahweh.
The elders of Jabesh said to him, Teach us seven days, that we may send to all Israel; and if none rescues us, then we will come out to you.
Now this grace, that we must forsake our godless way of life, and the lust of the world's burnt offerings, and live in righteousness, godliness, and godliness, in this world;
Wisdom is in him who doesn't have strength, But justice is in him who doesn't have strength.
Why are the temples of God and idols set together? We are the temple of the living God. As God has said, I will dwell with my people, and will walk among them. I will be their God, and they will be my people.
They are better than day. They are better than day. They go down into Sheol in a moment.
I pray not for these men, but for the word of these men, that they may believe in me,
Don't lie about lying, for you have become a man and a work of your own,
Jesus, knowing it, said to them, Why do you want to rob him of this woman? She did a good work for me.
and the one wing of the cherub was five cubits, and went out to the other side of the house: and the wing of the cherub was five cubits, and the wing of the cherub was one.
But whatever it is that they do, they shall not be feared by their enemies: so shall they be destroyed and you be overcome: this victory is the work of God.
Then I said, My strength fails. Yes, I have no hope in Yahweh.
David said to him, Who are you? From where? He said to him, I am the young man of Egypt, the servant of the Amalekites; for I am sick three days; and my master has forsaken me.
The Levites shall speak with a loud voice to all Israel, saying,
He lived in Jerusalem, and built cities in the land of Judah for a stronghold.
Reuben answered them, Didn't I tell you that you should not sin against that child? But you didn't listen. Therefore the blood is poured out on us now.
Joseph's brothers, when they saw that their father was dead, said, It would be better for Joseph to hate us, than for all that we had done to him, to repay us.
When they found them, no one made them bread, and comforted them for the dead; and they died, and died, and didn't give them cups of consolation to drink.
Behold, there was before him a certain sick man.
He stood by all the army of Israel, and cried, and said to them, Why are you coming out to set the battle in array? Didn't I say, I am the Philistines? Aren't you the servants of Saul? Choose one of you, that he may come down to me.
Many years shall a man live, and many years shall a man rejoice: nevertheless let the day of darkness come, and the day of darkness shall be many; and all that shall come shall be vanity.
Son of man, how then shall this proverb be in the land of Israel, saying, There shall be no fulfillment of all visions in the time of the battle?
I will make her desolate, and she shall not be gathered, neither shall she be gleaned any more; but instead of thorns and thorns will I command the cloud not to rain on her.
He has given to us the grace of this fullness, And has wisely discerned all things;
Aaron died in Mount Hor, one hundred twenty-three years.
God said, Let the expanse that is on the sky bring forth light, that it may be for a sign, for honor, for the day, and for the year;
If a man have two wives, one of whom he loves, and one of whom he hates, he bears a son; but the firstborn is the son of the wife whom he hates.
The children of Asa the singers stood in their place, as David, and Asa, and Heman, and Jeduthun the king's seer, and the porters, kept every gate: they didn't depart from their work; for the Levites their brothers had prepared for them.
David said to the men who were with him, Smite you every man with his sword. So they struck the sword, and David struck the sword. There were about four hundred men going up with David, and there two hundred men kept the tithe.
It shall happen, when they go, that I will spread my net over them; and I will cause it to fall like the birds of the sky: and I will terrify them according to the voice of their assembly.
But Zerubbabel, Jeshua, and the heads of the fathers' houses of Israel, said to them, We will build our God's house: there is no portion in you: we will build it for Yahweh, the God of Israel, as king Cyrus the king of Persia commanded us.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
On the seventh day you shall wash your clothes, and you shall be clean: then you shall go into the camp.
Jehoiada the priest took a a ark, and struck it on the ark, and put it by the altar in the right side of the right side of the house of Yahweh: and the priests of the gate put the money in the ark of the house of Yahweh.
My face is reddish with tears. In my eyes are the shadow of death.
The priest shall offer the sin offering, and shall make atonement for him who is to be cleansed, and shall kill the burnt offering for his uncleanness.
It is better for them than for them to be given to my Father, and more than for them, that no one should take them away from his Father's hand.
The house of God was in Shiloh in those days; and the children of Dan made him the engraved image of Micah.
A very great child went out one day to his father, and to the reapers.
Jerusalem, Jerusalem, you have killed the prophets, and have stoned God to the messengers who are here; and I often desired to gather your sons and your daughters, as a woman gathered her sons and her daughters to the wings, but you would not.
Some of the Sadducees, who didn't believe that they would die, came to him.
Yahweh said to Moses, Put all the heads of the people before Yahweh on a day and night day, that the wrath of Yahweh may be kindled against Israel.
But they ridiculed the angel of God, and despised his voice, and blasphemed his prophets, until Yahweh was angry with his people, and there was no remedy.
those who were numbered of them by their families, and by their fathers' houses, were twenty-two thousand six hundred thirty.
He said to him, What is the commandment? Jesus answered him, You shall not murder, nor commit adultery, nor steal, nor testify falsely,
Jesus answered them, Didn't I choose twelve of you? One of you is the devil!
Most assuredly there are those who will die for the righteous. Perhaps there are those who will die for the good.
I will open my mouth with parables. I will utter the mysteries of ancient times,
Please let your father and your household come to me, and I will give you the good of the land of Egypt; and you shall eat the third part of the sea of the land.
They make strangers look from the least to the greatest. Their eyes don't see what they see. Seek what they see, and find what they don't find.
Jacob said to him, My lord knows that these little ones are feeble, and the herds of sheep are cubs, and that, if they cast out one day, all the flocks will die.
You shall labor in vain, because your land doesn't yield its increase, neither shall the trees of the earth yield its fruit.
Rejoice with her, and rejoice for her, you who love Jerusalem; Rejoice with her, you who mourn for her;
The elders of the congregation shall lay their hands on the head of the bull before Yahweh, and shall kill the bull before Yahweh.
Blessed shall you be all the nations, says Yahweh of Armies; for your land shall be a pleasant and pleasant land.
In the days of Jehoiakim, Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up; and Jehoiakim served him three years, and turned back from rebelliousness.
and the children of the strangers who sojourn among you, and their children who are with you, and with your household, whom you shall father in your land, you shall buy of them; and they shall be your inheritance.
Jesus commanded us to preach the Good News to all, to be justified in the judgment which God commanded to be to the living and to the dead.
and all the house of Joseph, his brothers, and his father's household, only their little ones, their flocks, and their herds, were left in the land of Goshen.
You don't know him, but I know him. If I had said that I didn't know him, then I would lie to you, but I knew him, and kept his word.
as we multiplied our love toward you, that the Lord might increase your love toward one another, and the love toward all men.
When he had escaped, he called the disciples together, and encouraged them, and as soon as he had come with them, he departed to Macedonia.
Jehoshaphat slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David: and Joram his son reigned in his place.
Yahweh was angry with the children of Israel, and sold them into the hand of the Philistines, and into the hand of the children of Ammon.
There is no woman in the camp. There is a maidservant in her mother's house.
They killed the widows and the foreigner, and killed the fatherless.
Joab the son of Zeruiah, and David's servants, went out, and found them by the pool of Gibeon; and they sat down on the one side of it, one on the one side of it, and one on the other on the other.
Some poured out gold out of the bag, and weighed silver in the balances, and made a signet of silver; and they bowed themselves down, and bowed themselves down to it.
He has strengthened all the people, both small and great, rich and poor, and free and bondservant, both on the right hand and on the head.
Then the disciples said to him, Teacher, eat.
He took Aaron's garments, and put them on Eleazar his son. Aaron died there, and went to his house.
He said to him the second time, Don't defile him who God has cleansed.
For I sigh with my groaning. I cry out like many waters.
The angel threw him into the pit, and shut him up, and raised him up with the wind, so that he could not lead the nations any more astray, until a thousand years were completed: and after this, he would have been freed for a little while.
You shall tear your heart from tearing your clothes. You are against Yahweh your God. For he is merciful, merciful, slow to anger, full of goodness, and repent of his evil.
Yahweh said to him, I have trodden wine myself; there is none with me among all the people; and I have trodden them in my anger, and trodden them in fury; and their blood is poured out on my garment, and made all my clothing to be unclean.
Hurry to come to me with all diligence.
but the son of the hated wife shall confess that he has the firstborn, and shall give all that he has to him; for this is the beginning of his strength, and the name of his firstborn is his.
Whatever she is, don't go in to defile yourself with her. Neither shall she stand with her before the animal, for it is holy.
God has not broken our love through Christ Jesus our Lord, either in heaven, or in the earth, or under the sky, or under the sky, or under the sky, or under the sky, or under the sky;
It is good to have a good and good tail. It is better to have a good heart than to have pride in your heart.
Balak did as Balaam had said. Balak and Balaam offered up a bull and a ram on every altar.
The children of Israel again did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh; and Yahweh made Eglon king of Moab to be strong against Israel, because they had done that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh.
the tent of meeting, its tents, its coverings, its clasps, its boards, its bars, its pillars, its sockets,
He went on his way, and took the book from the right hand of him who sat on the throne.
He said, You are a prophet, Christ. Tell us, who struck you?
Yahweh said to Moses, I will bring yet another evil on Pharaoh and on Egypt; and afterward he will let you go away: and when he has let you go, he will drive you out from here.
I poured out on the top of the mountain the fruit of your sins, even of your oxen which you made, and burned them with fire, and sprinkled them, and sprinkled them, like the dust: and I poured out the dust on the brook that descended from the top of the mountain.
According as I pleased him, that he might give me good water, that I might eat it, and bless you before I die.
My son, give me your heart, and your eyes love my way;
Don't speak evil among yourselves, brothers, who speak evil of the brother, or of those who prophesy evil of the brother, or of those who prophesy evil of the law; and if you prophesy law, you do not keep the law, but judge the law.
They told him, saying, We have seen this man as a deceiver to our people, and have kept him to Caesar, and have called him Christ, and reigned.
He reigned forty-one years in Jerusalem: and his name was Maacah the daughter of Absalom.
These are the words of Jeremiah the son of Hilkiah, the priest of the city of Anathoth in the land of Benjamin:
David fled, and fled to Ramah, and came to Samuel, and told him all that Saul had done to him. He went and lived with Samuel in Naioth.
There are many friends, and they will be cut off from themselves. There is one friend who is fairer than his brother.
Doesn't the workers of iniquity know that they have devoured my people as bread. They haven't called on God.
David sent messengers to the men of Jabesh Gilead, and said to them, Blessed be Yahweh be you; because you have dealt with Saul your lord with this kindness, and have buried him.
He blessed Abram, and said, Blessed be Abram, the Lord of heaven and earth, the Most High!
Their eyes love to play the prostitute. They sin, and don't cease. They deceive the unfaithful in heart. Their heart is greedy for money. They must be cursed by God.
We know therefore that God also loves us. God is love, and the love of the soul remains in him, and God remains in him.
Can you give light to the four ends of the earth, That the wicked may go out?
When he had made an end of praying, he stood up and came to the apostles, and saw them sleeping with sorrow.
The watchman said, I saw the running like Ahimaaz the son of Zadok running. The king said, He is good, and brings good news.
Now all the acts of Asa, first and last, behold, they are written in the book of the kings of Judah and Israel.
In that day, says Yahweh, Didn't I cut off from Edom the wise man, and cut off the wise man from the mountain of Esau?
In the day of my trouble, I seek the Lord. In the night, I lift up my hands, and don't cease to pray. My heart refuses to be comforted.
Yahweh has rewarded me according to my righteousness, And has rewarded me according to the cleanness of my hands.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Joshua called for the children of Reuben, and for the children of Gad, and for the half-tribe of Manasseh.
He said to the Levites, sanctify the ark of the holy covenant which you shall put in the house that Solomon the son of David king of Israel, that you shall not put on your shoulder: now therefore serve you Yahweh your God, and his people Israel.
One of them. One of them said to him, I have bought a field, and I will go and see it. Please understand.'
I will stretch out my hand on all the inhabitants of Judah and Jerusalem, and will cut off from it the remnant of Baal, and the name of Carmel, and the priest.
So shall your light come forth as the morning light, and your wound shall be healed quickly: your righteousness shall go before you; and the glory of Yahweh shall be your rearward.
Your sons and your daughters shall wander back and forth in the wilderness forty years, and shall bear your lewdness until your dead bodies be consumed in the wilderness.
When I was in the world, I was the light of the world.
Your judgment doesn't regard the work of the wicked. He despises all those who hate him.
Not that we ourselves have such things to do, but our riches are of God.
All the six hundred men of the Danites, who were armed, stood at the door.
Now there are some of the Jews who came out of Asia. If they want to accuse me, tell me that it is appropriate for them to come before you.
For the children of Israel and the Levites shall offer their grain, new wine, and oil, and bring it into the chambers of the sanctuary, to the place of the charge of the priests, and of the porters, and of the chambers of the singers. So we will not forsake the house of our God.
Those who stole the earth went in, and took the engraved images, and the ephod, and the images of the house, and the molten images. The priests and the armed men stood at the door, six hundred men.
Thus says Yahweh: Am I Yahweh beside, and not Yahweh who is far off?
Josiah was eight years old when he began to reign; and he reigned thirty-one years in Jerusalem.
My bride, your lips are like honeycombs. Your tongue is like honeycomb. Your garments are like the fragrance of Lebanon.
You shall give Pharaoh a fifth part, and a fourth part for you, and for the seed of the field; and you shall be food for the people who are in your house, and for your little ones.
Now in Shushan was a man of Judah called Mordecai, the son of Jair, the son of Shimei, the son of Kish of Benjamin.
A sword shall come on Egypt; and in the time of the fall of the slain of Egypt the Ethiopians shall have sorrow; and they shall take away all his people, and break down his foundations.
Pour out your wrath on the nations that don't know you, and on the nations that don't call on your name.
King Solomon worked with all Israel: and the work of the workmen was thirty thousand.
Don't be angry, unless there are two or three witnesses from the elders' houses.
The deep says, There is no place for me. The sea says, There is no place for me.
The fish of the river shall die, and the river shall become foul; and the Egyptians shall abhor the waters of the river.'
The Lord commanded, saying, The maiden who preaches good news does great things.
Aaron shall lay his hands on the head of the goat that lives on it, and shall confess all the wickedness of the children of Israel on it, and shall disobey, and all their iniquities; and they shall be on the head of the goat, and on the keeper of it, and shall carry them into the wilderness.
Isaac lived in the South, and he came by the way to Beer Lahai.
The priest rejoiced in his heart, and took the ephod, and the idols of the house, and the engraved images, and walked among the people.
The scribes threw down the seven heads of grain. Pharaoh awakened, and knew that they were dreaming.
Thomas, who also was called Didomus, being one of the twelve, wasn't there when Jesus came.
The word of Yahweh testifies to the fulfillment of his word.
Ezra the priest arose, and said to them, You have sinned. You have married the foreign women, and have multiplied the sins of the children of Israel.
But the children of Israel sought to be justified by the law, and they didn't obtain it.
He prospered in all that was under the hand of Joseph, and in all his dominion. For Yahweh was with Joseph, and he did all his work.
Now I have boldness, brothers, concerning the things concerning David's father, to tell you that he is dead and buried, and his grave is yet with us to this day.
Six days shall work be done; but the seventh day is a Sabbath day, a holy day to Yahweh: everyone who does the work on the Sabbath shall surely be put to death.
He shall kill the lamb of the trespass offering, and the priest shall take some of the blood of the trespass offering, and put it on the tip of the right ear of him who is to be cleansed, and on the thumb of his right hand, and on the big toe of his right foot.
I, Jesus, sent my angel to the assembly, and testified about these things to you, that I am the head of David, and his seed, and the star of the light.
Therefore he who confesses me before men, I also will confess before my Father.
Jehoshaphat said, Isn't there here a prophet of Yahweh, that we may inquire of Yahweh by him? One of the servants of the king of Israel answered, Elisha the son of Shaphat is here, who poured out water into the hand of Elijah.
It happened, when Abner was come to Hebron, that Joab brought him to the entrance of the gate of the city, and stole him secretly, and talked with him; and he was there robbers of him; and he died, because of his brother Asahel.
Be strong and of good courage, for you will possess the land for this people, whom I swore to their fathers to give them.
But Yahweh delights in his hurt, and causes him to suffer; and when his life is made a sin offering, then he shall see his seed, and shall increase in years, and the joy of Yahweh shall prosper in his hand.
Moses listened to the commandment, and lifted up his rod before Yahweh.
The woman took Joseph's garment, and stayed there until her master was returned;
His lord said to him, Well done, good and faithful servant; and behold, you are faithful in your little things, and I will set you over great things. Come in, and rejoice with me.'
They asked Baruch, Please tell us, By what means do you write all that he has spoken?
They spoke in the king's chamberlains, saying, Peace be to Darius the king.
The wind shall go where it is, and you shall hear a voice; you shall not know where it comes from, but where it shall go: so shall every man come from the Holy Spirit.
He traveled from Rameses to Bethel, and came to the city of Bethel, and to Ai; and they pitched their tents in front of him.
and have sent before you the vessels of his house, which you have sent to bring up against the Lord of heaven; and you, and your princes, and your wives, shall drink with him: and you have blessed the silver, and the gold, and the brass, and the iron, and the wood, and the stone, which you have made, you shall not see, neither shall you hear, nor know; but you have put forth your breath, and have established the covenant of Yahweh, which is before the Lord.
Therefore listen to this affliction and to the drunkenness of your soul, because of the wine.
Therefore don't let anyone bother me from now on, for I am his servant, because I bear the bruises of Jesus on my flesh.
All the commandments which I command you this day shall you do, that you may love Yahweh your God, and walk continually in his ways, and that you may set three cities for your house, besides these three cities.
In that day Achish gave him Ziklag; therefore Ziklag was king over Judah to this day.
The kings of the earth went up, and the chiefs, and the captains, and the captains of thousands, and the rich, and the mighty, and all the servants, and the free men, to hide the mountains and the steep places.
My eyes shall not spare, neither shall I have pity, but shall be avenged of you according to your ways; and your abominations shall be avenged of you: and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
His sister came and said to Pharaoh's daughter, Behold, I am come to the Hebrew woman, and I will call a nurse to you, and will I heal you?
I saw, and behold, cherubim on the top of the head, and in the expanse, like precious stones of blue, like the appearance of the image of a throne.
Let them vanish like a running water. Let their arrows fail when they shoot.
My heart is kindled within me. When I keep silent, I kindle a fire, and I speak with me.
They both appointed elders to them in the morning, and fasted and prayed, and committed them to the Lord, whom they believed.
They don't call me, Lord, Lord, all of them, to the Kingdom of Heaven, but those who do the will of my Father come in.
Thus says Yahweh to me, Go, stand in the gate of all the people, in which the kings of Judah came in, and out of there, and stand at the gates of Jerusalem;
silver was beaten in pieces, and gold was brought from Tarshish: the work of the hands of the builders and of the craftsmen, and the work of bluesmiths, all of them skillful men.
Now, behold, we have heard from the Son of God, and are prophesying these things to you. God is light, and in him there is no darkness.
Listen to the wisdom of men, And receive my knowledge with all your heart's mind.
Let it be said to me, Ho, woe to you! for the man is disappointed and perished!
For everyone who desires to enter into Christ Jesus through godliness will be persecuted.
David took one thousand and seven hundred horsemen, and twenty thousand footmen: and David hamstrung his feet, and left only one hundred chariot horses.
The children of Israel said to Moses, Behold, we are dead, and we are perished, and are perished.
Zedekiah the king sent Pashhur the son of Malchijah, and Zephaniah the son of Maaseiah, the priest, to Jeremiah, saying,
It happened after this, that David struck the Philistines, and subdued them, and took Gath and his incense out of the hand of the Philistines.
For he says this, not because he cares for the poor, but because he is a thief, and often robs his ruler.
The men of Israel and the men of Judah arose, and shouted, and pursued after the Philistines to the entrance of the city of Kaali and Ekron; and the Philistines fell by the way of Shaalim to Gath and Ekron.
He also sealed us for a sign, And gave us the Holy Spirit for a collateral in our hearts.
Now Ezra the scribe stood on the wood which he had prepared for them: and Mattathaiah, Shemma, Anaea, Uriah, Hilkiah, and Maaseiah stood by him on the right side of it: and Pedaiah, Mishael, Malchijah, Hashim, Hasbadana, Zechariah, and Meshullam stood on his left hand.
When a man lies on his bed, and lies down in a deep sleep, in a dream, and in a vision of the night,
one golden ladle of ten shekels, full of incense;
You shall make shields of faith without ceasing. You shall break the arrows of evil fire.
Declare what I tell you in secret in the light, And tell you in the ears. Declare what they tell you in the last days.
When I sing of you, my lips will shout for joy, My soul that you have redeemed.
If there is any salvation among you, let one bear with another, that you may be forgiven; even as the Lord forgave you, that you also be forgiven.
The joy of the hunters is gone. All the joy of the bridegroom is ceased. The joy of the harp is gone.
I have made your city horns of rubies, I have made your gates of rubies, I have made your walls of rubies, I have made your walls of rubies round about.
and for Aaron's sons, the priests who were outside of their city in the field, who were mentioned by name in every city, to set apart their portion, to give to the males of the priests, and to all the Levites who were of the fathers' houses.
You also, as we commanded you, shall make a covenant between one another and one another, that you may play the prostitute after your own will,
On the day of our king's feast the princes are sick for the wine. He has hands with the mockers.
They increased in strength, and came everyone to God to Zion.
He who loves death hates the perfect man; But he who is upright keeps his life.
Therefore my harp is turned into an abyss. My brow is turned into a cry of weeping.
The apostles and the brothers who lived in Judea heard that the Gentiles also received the word of God.
Samuel anointed him with the oil that was in the horn, and the Spirit of Yahweh came mightily on David that day. Samuel departed, and went to Ramah.
If you shall keep the statutes of this law, which you have written by the word of Yahweh your God, and shall return with all your heart and with all your soul to Yahweh your God;
But our God is in heaven, doing all that he desires.
In the days of Josiah, Pharaoh Necoh king of Egypt went to Euphrates, and fought against the king of Assyria: and Josiah went against him, and found Josiah in Megiddo.
Yahweh, you are my lamp, and Yahweh will shine in my darkness.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Our fathers refused to listen to him; but they rejected him, and sought to return to Egypt.
Now, O king, please accept my exhortation, and execute righteousness, and break your iniquity, and have mercy on the poor, and put away your disobedience; that your peace may prolong.
and he broke the last branches of it, and brought them to the market, and set them in the city of the horsemen.
In the first year of Cyrus the king of Cyrus made a decree concerning the house of God which is at Jerusalem, saying, Build the house, that it may be a place of sacrifice, and lay the foundation of it for its strength, and the height of it sixty cubits, and the breadth of it sixty cubits;
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: If the prince gives an inheritance to his son, he shall be his inheritance to his sons, and they inherit it.
The Kingdom of Heaven is like a parable under the sky. The eleven virgins go out with their lamps to meet the bridegroom.
Thus will I break down the walls of your waters, and break them down even to the earth; so shall the walls be broken down, and you shall perish in the midst of them; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
It happened on the eighth day, that Abraham circumcised his son, as God commanded him.
He restored to his mother the silver, and his mother said, I have given this money from my hand to Yahweh for my son, to raise up a voice and a voice to you. I delivered it again to you.
or the image of the birds of the sky, or the image of the creeping things that creep on the earth, or the image of the fish that creep on the ground.
Only the tribe of Levi shall not you number, neither shall you number them among the children of Israel.
As it is written, God has made their heart to be hidden, and their eyes fail, and their ears fail, until this day.
Listen to me, house of Jacob, to all the remnant of the house of Israel: You were born to me, and brought forth out of the womb to me.
Son of man, set your face toward the mountains of Israel, and prophesy to them,
The woman travails with her child, and she is grieved; for her period is come on her; and when she is delivered, she forgets the anguish of her child; for she will rejoice over the child who is born in the world.
All the people will hear, and fear. They will do no more hard work.
The seven angels, one of them, spoke to me, saying, Come, and I will show you the great adulteress, who was born in the great place, who was to be judged by the great city.
But as for the Jews, it was not appropriate for me to write to Caesar that I should accuse myself of my own country.
Have mercy on me, Yahweh, That I may lift myself up again, That I may avenge them.
Then the princes brought the scroll to the king in the chamber of Elishama the scribe, and told it to the king.
Pharaoh said, Tomorrow. Moses said, Let it be according to your word, that you may know that there is none like God our God.
But the king of the children of Ammon would not listen to Jephthah, who sent him words.
When Jesus came into Jerusalem, and entered into the temple, he looked around at a troop. For the sky was dark, and Jesus went out with the twelve, and came to Bethany.
Jotham slept with his fathers, and was buried in the city of David: and Ahaz his son reigned in his place.
When he came to the threshing floor of Kedom, (for the oxen stumbled), he put forth his hand to the ark.
All our adversaries have opened their mouth wide toward us.
Blessed is he who cares for the needy. Yahweh will save him in the day of trouble.
There is nakedness among you who uncovers the nakedness of her father, and in the midst of you she who is a defiled woman in the month of dishonor.
But now he who believes in me won't die forever. Do you believe?
It happened, when they had come down, that the children of Israel prayed, and said, Yahweh, you are Yahweh, who made the heavens and the heavens, and all the army of the sky, and all the earth, and all the things that are on the earth, and all the sea, and all the things that are on the sea, all this is your treasure. The children of heaven worshiped you.
and he sacrificed to his dream, and burned incense to his great dream; for they possessed the fat and the beautiful portion of his bread, and the food of his lovers.
But you, brothers, don't pass away in darkness, that day will not come to you as a thief suddenly.
On his bed he hears words that can't be spoken, things that man shall not speak.
It may be that they will listen, every man will turn from his evil way, and I will repent of the evil that they do, and will repent of the evil that they do.
If you are of this world, then the world will love you as your own; but because you are not of this world, I have chosen you out of the world, therefore the world will hate you.
Don't be like them, for the Father knows your need before you ask.
God came to Balaam, and said to him, Who are these who are with you?
But if the prince's heart is against you, don't depart from your place; for the gentleness of your soul shall not be great disobedience.
He rebuked the sea, and dried it up; and they didn't waters. Bashan and Carmel fell, and the lies of Lebanon were destroyed.
You shall not go in to him who is a drunkard, or a covetous man; you shall not go in to him.
So the king of Israel and the king of Judah and the king of Edom went, and went seven days' journey, and didn't drink of the army, nor of the livestock that were with them.
But when the bridegroom had grown angry, all the virgins were asleep.
Yahweh said, Who shall entice Ahab, that he may go up to Ramoth Gilead, and die there? Thus says Yahweh.
The sons of Gershon, who were numbered of them, by their families, by their fathers' houses,
He who loves redemption and deceit brings shame on himself, But he who rebukes the wicked brings shame on himself.
Remember, you have become as an astonishment to me. Have you brought me again to the dust?
The Spirit entered into me, and set me up. He talked with me, and said to me, Go, shut yourself in the house.
The children of Israel did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh, and forgot Yahweh their God, to minister to the Baals and to the Ashtaroth.
For many could not bear the pinnacle of Jesus, and they broke in pieces on the roof of Jesus, that they might lay down the paralytic.
By the ordinances of the Good News they see, because you received them, and they refused; therefore they became enemies of God; and they looked out of the chosen ordinances, because God spoke to their fathers, and they became lovers of God.
As for the earth, the bread went out from there. Its appearance was kindled like fire, and it was kindled.
Though sin is sweet in her mouth, Though she lay it on her tongue,
He says among the nations, Yahweh reigns! The world is strong, and can't be moved. He will execute justice on all peoples.
I will set the bow of Judah on my hand, and the arrows of Ephraim on my bow; and I will stir up your people against the people of Javan, Zion, and I will make you like the sword of mighty men.
Moreover you shall command our own men, that they be wise to do good, to sustain those who are needy, that they not bear no fruit.
It shall be, if you shall diligently keep all the commandments which I command you, and do them, to love Yahweh your God, and to walk in all his ways, and to cleave to him;
one male goat for a sin offering;
You will bless the righteous, Yahweh. You will surround him around him with the shield of grace.
Of the tribe of Zebulun twelve thousand, Of the tribe of Joseph twelve thousand, Of the tribe of Benjamin twelve thousand.
Now when we had waited many days, and were already past because of the fast, Paul began to accuse us,
In the garden of Jezreel the dogs shall eat Jezebel, and none shall bury her. The young men opened the door, and fled.
You shall reckon to yourself seven days; and from the beginning you shall reckon to your grain seven days.
He said, Yahweh has sworn, and Yahweh will fight against Amalek forever.
Is there a man who has said to God, I am punished, and will no more sin?'
The wall of the city was built with rebuke; and the city itself was built with thousands and like fine gold of glass.
There will be some who will dwell therein, who will no more curse. Jerusalem will peaceably.
When Jesus heard that John was taken into custody, he fled from Galilee,
It shall be a statute forever to them, and he who sprinkles the water that is polluted shall wash his clothes; and whoever touches the water that is defiled shall be unclean until the evening.
It is the day appointed by Yahweh: let us rejoice in it.
Judah went, and Yahweh delivered the Canaanites and the Perizzites into their hand.
He said to another, Follow me. He answered, Lord, let me go and bury my father.
I will be condemned. How shall I labor without cause?
Obey Yahweh your God, and fear him, and keep his commandments, and hear his words, and serve him, and remain in him.
Look at Zion, and let us keep the city of holy feasts; and your eyes shall see Jerusalem as a house of quietness, and as a tent of unshrunkness; and the vessels of it shall not be plucked forth from off the surface of it, nor the cords of it.
He said, If Esau comes against this company, then the other company will flee.
where you shall remember your ways and your doings, which you have defiled yourselves by these; and you shall abhor yourself because of all your wickedness which you have done.
It shall be, when you redeem your lives, that the rich man shall not go out many, neither shall the poor man go out few; every man shall go out half a shekel.
He built there an altar, and called the name of it El Elohe Israel.
Saul's servants returned answer, and said, This is what David says.
For I am with you to deliver you, and to destroy all the nations where I have driven you; but I will not utterly destroy you, says Yahweh, but I will reprove you according to your manner.
and they loved to sit in the high places of the feast, and to sit in the high places of the synagogue,
So the people went out, and took away the camp of the Syrians; and they took a little fine flour for a shekel of silver, and two measures of barley for a shekel of silver, as Yahweh had spoken.
For the house of Israel and the house of Judah dealt very treacherously against me, says Yahweh.
Cursed be he who lies with him. All the people shall say, Amen.
It shall be, when you have accomplished these days, that you shall stand on your right hand, and bear the iniquity of the house of Judah, forty days shall I do for you, and one year shall it be.
Now I don't need to write in the cup, brothers, about the coming of the Lord, and about the time of the coming of the Lord.
The inhabitants of the city shall go to the city, saying, Let us hurry to seek the favor of Yahweh, that we may seek Yahweh of Armies; and if it be me, I will go also.
He has humbled you, he has fed you with hunger, he has nourished you with that which you didn't know, and your fathers have not nourished you with manna, that you may know that no man trusts in bread only, but that he lives by all the words of Yahweh's mouth.
Thus you call, and I answer; Or else I will say, Answer me.
He built the cloud into heaven, and prepared the rain for the earth, and made the mountains to spring up.
Solomon answered him as he had asked, and there was nothing in Solomon that he might not know.
By the help of the Holy Spirit you also will be built together to be the dwelling place of God.
Thus shall Yahweh command you to do, as you have done this day, to make atonement for you.
For I know that he who redeems me is a living God. He will stand on the earth in the latter days.
But the wives, and the wives, and the wives of the men, let them save you alive for yourselves.
Watch, for you don't know what day your Lord will come.
For all hidden things will be uncovered, and all secret things will be revealed in the day to come.
This shall be the border from Abmon to the brook of Egypt; and the goings out of it shall be at the sea.
When he saw it, he saw bread stirring on the coals of fire, and a water chamber beside his head; and he ate, and drank, and fell on it.
Sing to yourself, you who don't conceive, and don't conceive, neither have you passed through travail, but have lifted up your voice with singing, and have lifted up your voice with joy; for the woman who dwells in her is more than the offspring of her husband, says Yahweh.
Go up to the wood of the mountain, and build this house, and I will rejoice in it, and will be glorified, says Yahweh.
You shall lend him no money to take interest from him, Neither shall you lend him bread to take any more.
Jeroboam said in his heart, This kingdom shall be for the house of David:
I will not take the bull out of your herds, Neither will I take the goat out of your flocks.
For you have forgotten Yahweh your Savior, and have forgotten the rock of your strength: therefore know you the tree of your heart, and the seed that is not.
The men came and told his lord, saying, Lord, aren't you a good seed in your field, or a darnel from where?'
When the day had come, he went to a deserted place. When the multitude came to him, he found him, and saved him. Don't let him go from them.
Sing to Yahweh, and praise his name! Declare his salvation day by day!
The glory of his forest and of his fruitful field will devour him from the spirit even to the flesh, And the earth will fade away like a sick man.
The king of the scribes, and his princes' letters, went through the land of Israel and Judah, and spoke according to the king's commandment, and said, Israel, return to the remnant of Abraham, to Isaac, and to Yahweh, the God of Israel; and he will return to you out of the hand of the kings of Assyria.
Hurry, and pass like ships, And fly like an eagle, and fly after six things.
Esther's maidens and her chamberlains came and told him, and said, The queen's robes were filled with sorrow, and she has sent garments to Mordecai to clothe herself, that he might not be clothed with sackcloth.
I purpose to tell you, Tell the people who sit before me and before the elders of my people; and if you will redeem them, tell me; and if you will not, let me know; for there is none else besides you to redeem them; and I am the second. He said, I will redeem them.
Every man had blue, and purple, scarlet, and fine linen, and goats' hair, and rams' skins dyed red, and the sea cow hides their skins.
Yahweh did according to the word of Moses; and all who were in the house, in the court, and in the field died.
So all Israel departed from David, and went after Sheba the son of Bichri: but the Jews were with him from the Jordan even to Jerusalem.
It happened, when the kings of Hadarezer saw that they were put to the worse before Israel, that they came to them in peace with Israel. The Syrians were afraid to help the children of Ammon any more.
David commanded that there should be gathered to the strangers who lived in the land of Israel, and that the builders who had stoned the land should build the house of Yahweh.
Ishmael the son of Nethaniah and the people who were with him escaped out of the hand of Johanan, and fled to the children of Ammon.
One of the young men ran and said to Moses, The words of Irdad and Medad, the prophets, in the camp.
A way is right in a man, But death leads to death.
But concerning man, he has no need for man to testify to him, for he is a very perplexed man.
You shall not eat any of the blood of the bird, or of the wild animal, in all your habitations.
David went again, and struck Moab, and made them fall on the earth, and measured it with cords, and measured the length of the two ropes, so that he died: and he measured all the length of the ropes, that he might live: and the Moabites became subject to David to tribute.
Ask a sign from Yahweh your God, that you may ask from him on the surface of the deep, or on the height of the height of the heights of the sky.
Turn us again to you, Yahweh, and we will return. Renew our days like this.
Flee, you children of Benjamin, out of Jerusalem, and blow the trumpets at Tekoa, and let it go in the fire at Beth Haccherem; for evil and great destruction have come down from the north.
Some of them have gone astray, they have gone astray, they have gone astray, they have gone astray, they will swallow up the poor and needy men of the earth.
Then the king shall tell those who are on the left hand, Depart from me, you who are cursed, and enter into the eternal fire that is prepared for the devil and his angel.
For we are not as many as have spoken evil in the sight of God, but as one who is true, sent by God, prophesied in Christ.
We will cut down trees out of Lebanon, according to all that you have need; and we will gather fields to Joppa in the sea, and you shall carry them to Jerusalem.
Then Daniel said, I saw a vision in the night; and behold, the four quarters of the sky went up, and the wind went up on the great sea.
An arrogant man can't make it straight, Neither can he who is without understanding be counted right.
He rose up, and broke down his hedge like a field, and he destroyed the place where he was gathered together: and the appointed feasts and the Sabbaths were forgotten in Zion: so Yahweh made him, and despised the king and the priests in his anger.
Then he looked, and behold, one of those who sat round about him, and said, You are my mother and my brothers.
When Yahweh was angry with Aaron, to destroy him, I prayed for Aaron at the same time.
For this confidence I set before you, that you may be blessed again and again.
They didn't understand the saying, for they had hidden it from them, that they might not understand. They didn't ask him what this saying was.
It happened on the third day after the children of Israel were come out of the land of Egypt, that they came into the wilderness of Sinai.
Remember what happened to the wife of Lot.
Nathan went and told David according to these words.
For each of you may be free to speak the word of God, that you may learn it together, and that you may be persuaded one by another.
They shall teach Jacob your law, and teach Israel your law; and they shall put incense before you, and all the burnt offerings upon your altar.
and after the children of Israel went they into the midst of the land, and struck two men, both of them robbers of the children of Israel, and of the woman. So the plague was stayed in the midst of the children of Israel.
The queen gave to the king one hundred twenty talents of gold, and abundance of spices, and precious stones; and there was none like the king of Shibah, whom she sent to king Solomon.
Moses and Aaron went in, and said to Pharaoh, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, Let my people go, that they may keep a feast in the wilderness.
Sanctify to Yahweh your God all that are of the herds, and the flocks, and the firstborn of the flock; and don't let the firstborn of the herd give birth to him. Don't let the firstborn of the flock have his gates.
Therefore don't be burdensome to eat and to keep a feast, neither to send a Sabbath, nor to cause it to be judged.
You have killed many in this city, and filled the street with the dead bodies.
She said to him, Not so; for you have driven me out against me, and have dealt worse with me than you. But Amnon would not listen to him.
then hear you in heaven, and do to him; judge your servants, and execute the iniquity of the wicked, and render to him the recompense of his own head; and justify the righteous, according to his righteousness.
Yahweh commanded me to tell them this: Isn't man made to stumble, and come again? Hasn't man turned back, and ran?
He led them through the desert, and they didn't thirst. He caused the waters to flow out of the rock. The rock opened, and the waters came out. Yahweh said, The wicked shall not have peace.
Therefore thus says Yahweh, You shall not go down again into your bed where you go up, but you shall surely die. He went his way.
Then Hanani the seer came to Asa king of Judah, and said to him, Because you have trusted in king Syria, and have not trusted in Yahweh your God, therefore the army of the king of Syria is escaped out of your hand.
Don't let him who is tempted say, I am drawn away by God; for he will not be tempted by evil, neither will he be led away by evil.
Let an evil man rule over him. Set an adversary at his right hand.
In the twelfth year of Joram the son of Ahab king of Israel began Ahaziah the son of Joram king of Judah to reign.
Asa did that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh his God, and did that which was right in the eyes of him;
God's wisdom is exceedingly deep. It is exceedingly deep. His justice is hardened. His ways are hardened.
Then Eliashib the high priest, and the priests who were with him, arose, and built the sheep gate, and sanctified it: and he set up the gate of it, even to the wine gate of Hameah; and it was kept holy to the wine gate of Hananel.
He made the hook of one thousand seven hundred seventy-five shekels of silver, and overlaid the capitals, and made its fillets.
Don't forsake your anointed King, David's sake.
For I was not under the law, neither did I live, until a commandment came down, and sin came up, and I died.
The king, and the people who were with him, came to Jerusalem against the Jebusites who lived in the land: and they said to David, Unless you put away the blind and the lame, you shall not come into this place: for they thought, David shall not come in here.
From the first day even to the last, Ezra read the law of Yahweh continually. All the people kept a feast seven days: and on the eighth day there was a solemn assembly, according to the ordinance.
Behold, I will do a new thing. Don't you know that I will open the way in the wilderness, and will open the rivers in the desert?
Turn away my eyes from seeing falsehood. Let me walk in your ways.
and those who were called of you by God, to Jesus Christ.
For when the Canaanites, and all the inhabitants of this land, heard of it, they shall besiege us, and shall take away our name from the earth: then what good will you do for your name?
You have kept the covenant, which you promised to your servant David my father. Your mouth spoke with your hand to establish it, just as it is this day.
Know that Yahweh is God. We are his Maker, and we are his. We are his people, and he is the sheep of his pasture.
There was no water for the congregation to drink; and they gathered themselves together against Moses and against Aaron.
For the weakness of the flesh is not according to the law, but God works. He has made his Son to take away the fruit of sin from sin, and the fruit of death, and to make his flesh to sin, and to put away sin from us.
When will you prepare your speech? Consider it, and afterward we will speak.
Rise up, God, and judge the world, For you shall be a heritage to all nations.
I will strike the Assyrians in my land, And tread them down on my mountain. His yoke will depart from my people. His burden will depart from the shoulder of my people.
The unclean spirit is removed from him, and he will seek out a rest in the land where there is no water, but he won't find it.
The lord of the vineyard shall come, and destroy them, and give another man his vineyard. When they heard these things, they said, Don't do so.
My son, listen to the teaching of your father. Don't forsake your mother's teaching.
It happened, when Jacob returned from Paddan Aram, that he came in peace to Shechem, which is in the land of Canaan, and pitched his tents before the city.
Menahem slept with his fathers; and Pekahiah his son reigned in his place.
Some of the scribes and Pharisees were watching, and seeing that he had healed or not on the Sabbath, they sought vanity for him.
But this is the righteousness of your law, and of your understanding. I don't desire to do any such thing.
After the death of Joash the son of Jehoahaz king of Israel, Amaziah the son of Joash king of Judah lived fifteen years.
The children of Israel sent abroad to the tribe of Benjamin, saying, What evil is this that you have done among you?
Jesus said to them, Father, forgive them, for they didn't know what they were doing. They cast lots for Jesus' clothing.
My mouth is filled with detestable things. My pasture is abhorred by the nakedness of my city.
The children of Israel traveled by their ways from the wilderness of Sinai, and the cloud stood in the wilderness of Paran.
Blessed are your men! Blessed are your servants. They stand before you continually, and listen to your wisdom.
But because our fathers provoked the anger of Yahweh of heaven, he delivered them into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, to the Chaldeans; and the king broke down the house, and carried the people captive to Babylon.
Behold, the days are come, and the calamity is gone, and the rods are opened, and the pride has grown old.
Cry about him, and he is taken away; his fortress is fallen; and the wall is broken down: for it is the avenger of Yahweh: look to him, and take vengeance for him, and do to him as he does to him.
The archers shot at him; and the king said to his servants, Take me away; for I am severely wounded.
I will not do the good that I desire, but the evil that I don't desire.
I am Yahweh your God. I brought you out of the land of Egypt. Open your mouth with a loud voice, and I will satisfy you.
When he had said this, he spat at them, and said, You received the Holy Spirit.
Saul and all the people who were with him gathered themselves together, and came to the captain of the army, and found every man of the Philistines slain with his sword, and very perplexed.
The poor seek after their own pleasures, And for all wisdom.
Listen to the wisdom in your ears, When you receive instruction with all your heart and with all your soul.
He taught them many things in parables, and he taught them, saying,
Beware of everyone his neighbor, and don't trust in his brother; for all his brother's brother is full of falsehood, and his neighbor walks about against him.
I am a foreigner who lives as a foreigner on the earth. Don't hide your commandments from me.
Yahweh's redeemed will return, And they will sing to Zion. They will be crowned with everlasting joy. They will rejoice and be glad. All their groaning will flee away.
The sixth angel poured out the bowl into the river Euphrates, and immediately the river dried up, and made ready a way for all the kings who came from the east.
I will see with my eyes, And hear with my ears the prayer which is offered in this place.
I have come to you in the sanctuary, To see your power and your glory.
When I had given the horses to Baruch the son of Neriah, I prayed to Yahweh, saying,
You have multiplied the people, Yahweh, and magnified the kingdom. You have obtained your glory, and have spread abroad the border of the land round about.
Then Jesus said to him, I thank you, Lord of heaven and earth, Father, for you have covered up those things from the wise and wise, and have revealed them to the little children.
Jesus answered them, Because I tell you, did I see you under a fig tree, and you believe me? You will see greater things than these.
David said to Jonathan, Tomorrow is the new moon. I ought to sit with the king. Please let me hide myself in the field until the third day.
So they sat with him on the ground seven days and seven nights, and didn't speak to him any more, because they saw his affliction.
They shall set apart their feasts, and their tents, and their food, and their drink offerings. Arise, you children, and anoint your shields with oil.
No one puts a piece of unshrunk cloth into his clothes, but the piece will be embroidered and torn, and will become worse.
The king spoke to Jeremiah the word that Baruch had spoken, saying, It came to pass after that which Jeremiah had spoken, that the word of Yahweh came to Jeremiah, saying,
Don't wait for me, Yahweh, for your loving kindness. Let your loving kindness and your faithfulness always keep me.
My brothers are like a brook, Like a brook that passes over a brook, Like a brook;
If they aren't sent, why are they prophesying? For as it is written, He who prophesies the Good News, their steps are beautiful.
For Yahweh will visit all the days of his life. He will do so to you, as you have done. Your deeds will be on your head.
Jesus spoke to them in parables, saying, A farmer went out to sow, and while he sow, and some fell asleep by the road, and they were trodden by the way, and the birds of the sky filled them with food.
You are good, and your works are good. Teach me your statutes.
He overlaid the tent on the tabernacle, and covered it above it, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
Shall the God of hearing not hear? Shall the God of eyes not see?
Jesus therefore took the book, and raised it up, and restored the synagogue to its deed, and sat down. All the people who were in the synagogue stared at him.
The Philistines stood on this mountain; and the children of Israel stood on that mountain, and there were valleys in the midst of it.
What shall we do for our sister, seeing we have a little sister, who is not of old, but of old?
He said to me, Son of man, arise, and go to the house of Israel, and speak to them in my speech.
They brought me a tax collector to him, and they gave him a tax collector to look at him.
He took from there the precious things of the house of Yahweh, and the treasures of the king's house; and he broke all the gold that was in the house of Yahweh, which Solomon king of Israel had made, according to the word of Yahweh.
You have made my familiar friend far from me, That they should abhor me. I am shut up, that I can't go out.
and for the flesh, and for the flesh, and for the spices, and for the spices, and for the frankincense, and for the wine, and for the oil, and for the fine flour, and for the oxen, and for the horses, and for the chariots, and for the servants, and for the souls of the people.
even one day they themselves will also be freed from corruptible things, and will be freed from the abundance of the glory of their children and of their children.
Zedekiah the king swore to Jeremiah secretly, saying, As Yahweh lives who created us, surely I will not kill you, nor deliver you into the hand of those who seek your life.
Yahweh said to Moses, How long will you not keep my commandment and my law?
The wilderness and the dry land shall be pleasant, And the desert shall rejoice, As the flower grows.
It happened, when I was glorified in Pharaoh, and in his chariots, and in his horsemen, that the Egyptians knew that I am Yahweh.
I tell you, before the Kingdom of God came, I will no longer eat of it any more.
As it is written in the book of the sky, The mountains and the islands are shaken from their place.
You shall make the tent of the tent of meeting for the eleven curtains of the gate of the goats' house.
He looked down at his throne, And saw all the inhabitants of his land.
Your children shall return quickly, and they shall destroy you, and your desolations shall depart from you.
For I have said, Your loving kindness endures forever. Your faithfulness will be established in heaven.
Yahweh said to Moses, Joshua the son of Nun, in his heart is the Holy Spirit: bring him in, and lay your hand on him;
Whoever rises up from Egypt twenty years old and upward shall not see the land which I swore to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, because they have not wholly followed me.
They said, Let us have a king over us, who will judge all of us. Samuel was displeased, and Samuel prayed to Yahweh.
The Spirit lifted me up, and led me to the captivity of the Chaldeans in the Spirit of God; and the vision which I saw went up from me.
He ate in the Levite's house, and ate with many tax collectors and sinners, and ate with his disciples; for many were following him.
So that men don't walk naked and naked. The appetite of the belly is sore.
Jephthah said to them, I have come with my people, and with the children of Ammon with a great counsel; but I beg you, that you don't deliver me out of their hand.
I have prepared ten thousand talents of gold for the house of Yahweh, and one hundred thousand talents of silver, brass and iron; for it is too many; and I have prepared timber and stones; and you shall increase them.
Arise, go! This is not your resting place; for the land is destroyed with uncleanness, and its ruin is grievous.
Jesus answered them, If God doesn't give you authority, you have no right to do me. Therefore delivered me up to you, and his sin was greater.
He took two turtledoves by strength, two young pigeons, one for a sin offering, and one for a burnt offering.
He came to him, and heard Paul's word, and he took hold of him, and looked, and saw that he had faith to do well.
though these three men were among them, as I live, says the Lord Yahweh, they shall not save their children, but only their souls.
Yahweh said to me, Don't be afraid of him; for I have delivered him into your hand, and all his people, and all his land; and do to them as to Sihon king of the Amorites, who dwell in Heshbon.
Again, he appeared to the five hundred brothers, but those who were left died, and those who were left of the abominations were alive.
But if the priest comes and buys, he shall buy of the money, and he shall eat of the holy things; and he shall eat of the bread that is born in his house.
Therefore wisdom leads you in the way of the righteous, And keeps the way of the righteous.
Until the third day, hurried, and you shall go down to the place which was before you, where you shall meet, and wait for it at the rock of Isaac.
The widow's wife, or the wife's vow which she has vowed, and her bonds with her, shall be established in her.
Let them judge the people in due season, that they may bring them to you, and that they may judge themselves; and you shall be swifter, and they may bear with you.
But when Apollos had determined to go into Achaia, the brothers of Ephesus encouraged him, and wrote to Achaia's disciples, and they received him. When he had come there, those who trusted in the grace of God believed in the Lord, and were greatly helped.
Yahweh prepared a great fish to devour Jonah; and Jonah was three days and three nights in the belly of his donkey.
Because he loved your fathers, he chose their children, and brought you forth out of Egypt with great power;
He said to them, Don't carry the dew, but a rod; don't carry the bread; don't carry the land; don't put the money in the belt;
Samson and his father and his mother went down to Timnah, and came to the vineyard of Timnah; and behold, a young lion came and wept at him.
He said, Two men enter into the temple to pray, one is a Pharisee, a tax collector.
If a man's skin is skinned, it is yellow, or if it is bright, and has turned into a plague of leprosy in his skin, then he shall be brought to Aaron the priest, or to the priest who is before his seed.
and he said to him, Hurry, and tell the young man, Jerusalem shall be inhabited as the incense of a wallless city, because of the multitude of the men who are in it, and of the livestock.
one golden ladle of ten shekels, full of incense;
The vision of the queen of Judah. The Lord Yahweh said concerning Edom, We have heard news from Yahweh, and ambassadors have sent to the nations, saying, Arise, and let us rise up to fight against her.
As soon as I saw him, I fell with the dead in his feet. He laid his right hand on me, saying, Don't be afraid. I am the first, and I am the last.
Jacob tore his clothes, and put sackcloth on his waist, and mourned many days for his son.
But the children of Manasseh were not able to drive out the inhabitants of the cities; and the Canaanites determined to dwell in the land.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
The Lord always gives you rest with all things of his peace. Let the Lord be with you all.
Go to my father's house, and there my relatives, and take a wife for my sons.'
What will I do, when God arises? What will I answer when he enters into judgment?
When the Lord saw it, he begged him, saying, Don't weep.
Some said, We have taken the field and the vineyard, and have taken the money, and have paid the king's money.
It happened in the evening, that he came with the twelve apostles.
So they went up to the mountain, and stayed there three days, until those who pursued after them returned: and the pursuers sought after them, but they didn't seek them.
It happened, when the evening came to the morning, that the cloud covered it, and the morning, and the cloud returned, and they departed; and the cloud returned in the night, and they departed.
Naaman's anger was kindled, and he crouched, and said, I suppose that he will surely come out to me, and will stand and call on the name of Yahweh his God, and will waver his hands in the place where he lay, and will heal the leprosy.
Do you think that I came to give peace to the earth? I tell you, it is not, it is, it is.
Rejoice in this, though you are in various trials, and are in bitterness for a while.
As it is written concerning you, We are all fallen away all day long. We are counted sheep for slaughter.
The righteous shall inherit the land of promise, and dwell therein forever.
Keep me from their snare, From the snare of my snares, From the snare of the wicked.
You shall set the Levites before Aaron and before his sons, and you shall offer them for a wave offering to Yahweh.
Therefore the book of the war of Yahweh says, Uhabbek of Sophat, and the valleys of the Arnon,
Rejoice with those who rejoice, And mourn with those who mourn.
Again, why do we trouble ourselves, when we rise up?
God spoke to Noah and to his sons, saying,
You shall persecute the Midianites, and strike them.
I will offer to you, God, my vow which I have vowed to you with a sacrifice of peace offerings.
The elders of Gilead answered Jephthah, Yahweh is witness between us, and we will do according to your word.
He overthrew his throne, And spread a cloud over it.
They asked her, Where is Sarah's wife? She said, In the tent.
If your people Israel, who have sinned against you, be struck before their enemies, and they return to you, and acknowledge your name, and pray in this house, and supplication you,
Blessed is he who does all things, and obeys the law of Yahweh.
You shall not have pity on him in your eyes, but shall put away innocent blood from Israel, that you may be blessed.
This is what Jesus said about Judas the son of Simon, a man of Kerioth, who betrayed him, being one of the twelve.
Moses went down to the people from the mountain, and sanctified them, and they washed their clothes.
For the Scripture says, Abraham believes in God. Therefore God counts him as righteous.
I will keep my loving kindness forever for him. I will not change my covenant with him.
They provoked him to jealousy with other gods, And provoked him to anger with an abomination.
If we have this day been examined for the good of this lame man,
When you have obeyed it, we will come to punish those who are disobedient.
Lest you make a covenant with the inhabitants of the land, and they play the prostitute after their gods, and sacrifice to their gods; and they call to you, and you eat his offering;
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: Go, and serve every man his idol; but afterward you shall hear my words, and shall profane my holy name with an offering and an idol.
I will enrich Zion with bread, And I will give her food to the needy to eat.
Some of the officers who were in Asia were Paul's friends, and they sent that Paul should not be moved into the land.
The priest shall take some of the oil, and put it into his own hand, and put it in his own heart.
The beast that I saw was like a leopard, and his feet like a bear's feet, and his mouth like a lion's mouth; and the dragon gave him his strength, and the throne, and great authority.
Now Jeremiah had not returned; but the captain of the guard said to him, Return to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam, the son of Shaphan; and let the king of Babylon appoint him over the cities of Judah; and go you, and dwell with him in the midst of the people, where you think it right: and he sent Jeremiah bread and offering.
The eagle doesn't know it, Neither does the eye of the young man see it.
The fugitives and the wise men of Gebal are in the midst of you as a guard: all the ships of the sea, and all their mariners, are in the midst of you.
and the burnt offering, to give them to Yahweh according to the divisions of the people, as it is written in the book of Moses; and the oxen likewise.
According to his strength shall he offer one of the turtledoves, or one of the young pigeons, as he shall offer them;
They worshiped me in vain, because they taught men in their lusts.
Moreover I will deal with you, as I have thought I would do to them.
You shall love your neighbor as yourself have the law of the Kingdom of God, if you observe that which is written.
For while we rebelled against God, he has put our own Son to death, that we may again be reconciled to him, having now been reconciled to him, and having been saved by the living in Christ.
Therefore his father and his mother said, Behold, he has grown up. Come, inquire of him.
But when I saw Mordecai the Jew sitting at the king's gate, I knew that it was wrong with me.
So Joab gave David the number of all the people whom he had numbered; and the children of Israel took one hundred thousand swords: and the children of Judah drew forty thousand swords.
Yahweh our God made a covenant with us in Horeb.
When Yahweh rose up to shake the earth, they entered into the rock, and entered into the dust, and fled from the terror of Yahweh, and from the glory of his majesty.
The nursing child, whose tongue is dry, is wet on the roof. The child loaves, and there is no one to give him.
The children of Israel pursued after the Philistines, and took away their camp.
For I am more understanding than an old man, Because I have kept your precepts.
Esau said, Please let me leave few friends with you. He said, Don't do so. The favor of my lord was found good.
They pursued after them, and came to the Jordan: and when they saw that the Syrians were swift to flee in the days of their cast away garments and vessels, they brought the king word again.
The woman, standing behind him, wept, and with tears she touched his feet. She came with her own hair, and ate the feet of Jesus, and anointed her feet with ointment.
When the poor man had no strength to offer such things, he chose the wood that could not be destroyed, and searched for the skillful workman, and set up an image that could not be shaken.
There is no hold on those who turn from the teaching of Christ, but there is no God in them. Those who keep the teaching are joined to the Father and to the Son.
Jephthah vowed a vow to Yahweh, and said, If you deliver the children of Ammon into my hand,
Let the whole earth sing aloud to Yahweh.
Who are your mother? A lioness, who fell among the lions, and nourished his son among the lions.
It happened after the earthquake, that there was a fire, and Yahweh was not in the midst of the fire; and behind the fire there was a voice of a little resounding.
You shall know that I am in Israel; and you shall know that I am Yahweh your God, and there is none else: my people shall never be disappointed.
Why have you forsaken me, Yahweh? Why didn't you hide your face from me?
Moreover I have wrestled with my anger, and with my wrath, and with my great abominations, and with my outstretched arm, and with my mighty arm, and have struck you;
Jesus, perceiving that they would inquire of him, said to them, You can't see me a little while, because you said, You can't see me, and it won't be long, and you will see me any more.' He said to them, Is it not?
Now deliver yourself from the cross.
Servants, be in subjection to the masters of the world, and do what is right in you, and not in joy, but in the heart; for you are a servant of fear.
Zebah and Zalmunna said, Get you up, and kill us, for as men are, so is strength. He arose, and killed Zebah and Zalmunna, and took their camels' tents, like the months of the month.
He said, What do you see,mos? I said, Look, a summer fruit. Then Yahweh said to me, My people Israel shall not be before them any more, until the end is come.
Moses returned to Yahweh, and said, Lord, why have you dealt ill with this people? Why have you sent me?
Amaziah said to Amoz, Go, see this seer, flee to the land of Judah, and eat there, and there you shall be a prophet.
He built there an altar, and called on the name of Yahweh, and set up there his tent. The servant of Isaac dug there a well.
But Pharaoh afflicted them more and more. So the king was troubled for the children of Israel.
These are the heads of fathers' houses of the Levites, who lived in Jerusalem in their generations in great numbers.
Four thousand men made porters, and four thousand made instruments of music for David's praise to Yahweh.
He is a mighty man who boasts. He is like a whirlwind,
Tell me, man of my heart, Where is your flock? Give them a place to lodge in? Beloved of your flock, where am I as one who has his face?
But the bull, and its skin, its flesh, and its dung, burned with fire outside of the camp, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
I have seen a thing that is not good under the sun, as it is done on the right hand and on the left;
Then I listened to the commandment, and prophesied: and as I prophesied, there arose a voice, and suddenly the earthquake came, and the bones were joined one to another, and every branch to its place.
The Midianites, and the Amalekites, and the children of the east, were gathered together, and encamped in the valley of Jezreel.
He brought down the heavens, and came. He was black before his feet.
Do you think to plead a man's words? As the wind is the breath of a man's dreams.
and the owl, and the reed, and the reed, and the reed,
Moses called Bezalel, and Oholiab, and all the wise-hearted men, whom Yahweh gave to their hearts with wisdom, to do the work which they put into subjection.
Then the men listened to him, and immediately obeyed his voice, and said, Ah, it is Ben Hadad your brother! He said, Go, bring him. Ben Hadad came out to the king, and the king gave him chariots.
The waters sprang up again, and went back and forth into the tenth month, on the first day of the month, and on the first day of the month.
You shall count all that have no fins and scales in the waters to be an abomination.
Moab shall be destroyed, and shall no more be a nation; for they are haughty, and disobedient to Yahweh.
They came to the strangers who came to them, and profaned my holy name: for by them they came, saying, This is the people of Yahweh, who came out of his land.
Yahweh will be heard in the voice of his majesty, and in the wrath of those who see his fall, and his wrath, and the flame of devouring, and the tempest of wind and of hail.
to the next day on the seventh Sabbath day you shall number fifty days, and offer a new meal offering to Yahweh.
Then Yahweh was zealous for his land, And had mercy on his people.
Yahweh will render to him according to the righteousness and the faithfulness of every man; for this day Yahweh has delivered you into my hand: but I will not stretch out my hand on the anointed of Yahweh.
The words of Job, which he spoke, were without wisdom.
Those who come forth from you shall build a desolate place for a long time; and you shall build the foundations of the generations to be destroyed: and you shall be called The walls of the stronghold,' and The streets of Ethiopia,'
For wisdom shall enter into your heart, And knowledge shall be your heart's delight.
But in the twenty-three year of king Joash the priest had not yet repaired the breaches of the house.
Therefore I said, The Philistines shall come against me to Gilgal; and I will not seek the favor of Yahweh any more, that I may offer the burnt offering.
and said to them, I am this day one hundred twenty years old, that I can't enter in again, and Yahweh said to me, You shall not pass over this Jordan.
Behold, he is taken: who can hinder him? Who has asked him, What have you done?
There fell then of those who were numbered of those who were numbered of them, of those who were numbered of them, twenty-four thousand.
and their brothers, mighty men of valor, one hundred twenty-eight; and Zabdeel the son of Hadgedim their captain.
that they might seek mercy on the God of heaven for the secret, lest Daniel perish with his companions, and with the rest of the wise men of Babylon.
For thus shall they prophesy to all the women concerning the thing which the queen has done, saying, King Ahasuerus has called Vashti the queen before the king, but she has not come; and they shall despise her husband.
He shall take the fat that covers the innards, and all the fat that is on the innards, and the two kidneys, and all the fat that is on them, which is by the loins, and the cover on the liver, and the kidneys;
and the mortars, and the soles of it, and the lamps of it, and the lamps of it, and the lamps of it, and the lamps of it, and the lamps of it, and the lamps of it, and the lamps of it, and the lamps of it, and the lamps of it, and the lamps of it, and the lamps of it, and the lamps of it, and the lamps of it, and the lamps of it, and the lamps of it, and the lamps of it, and the lamps of it, and the lamps of it, and the lamps of it,
The seed of Israel, the son of Jacob, his servant, whom he chose;
Return, Yahweh, the God of Armies. Cause your face to shine, and we will be saved.
For our shame has covered us in our shame; for we have not obeyed the voice of Yahweh our God, nor our fathers, from youth even to this time have we sinned against our God.
The burnt offering, and the fat of the sacrifice of peace offerings, and all the drink offerings of the burnt offering, shall be in abundance: so shall the service of the house of Yahweh be in array.
Now therefore, behold, your end is come, and I will bring my wrath on you, and will execute judgments on you according to your ways; and according to all your abominations will I repay you.
Don't let the words of the truth go from my mouth, For I hope in your justice.
and all the idols of the house of Judah, and all the idols of Jerusalem, and all the abominations of it, and the idols of it, and the idols of it, and the idols of it, and all the abominations, did Josiah break in pieces to perform the words of the law, which are written in Hilkiah the priest in the house of Yahweh.
The one lamb you shall offer for a meal offering, the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour, and the fourth part of a hin of oil.
then the priest shall examine him; and behold, if the skin of the skin is white and white, so that the hair of the skin is turned white, and the raw flesh is seen in the place where the skin is,
So all the people returned every man to his house; and David returned, and blessed his house.
He testified with many words, and exhorted them, saying, Deliver yourselves from this evil generation.
King Sodom said to Abram, Give men to me, and everything to you.
Cursed be he who comes to him, Cursed be he. Blessed be he who does not desire to be blessed far from him.
They forsook the house of Yahweh, the God of their fathers, and served the Asherah and the idols; and the wrath of Yahweh came on Judah and Jerusalem because of their iniquity.
He wrote in the name of Ahab the king's answer, and sent letters to the princes of the elders who were with him in the city of Naboth.
One says, What shall I do to Yahweh, who worships in the high places of the mountains? Shall a burnt offering come to him, or a full year's calves?
Moses and Aaron spoke to all Israel, saying, In the evening you shall know that Yahweh is the one who brought you up out of the land of Egypt.
I saw in the spoil a beautiful garment of Shinar: two hundred shekels of silver, and a house of gold, and fifty shekels of brass, and I took all these things; and I brought them, and behold, they were in the floor of my tent, and silver was under it.
But if we believe that Jesus was dead, and that he was alive, we believe that God will bring with him those who are dead.
You shall not eat of the things of idols, neither eat of the animals of the field, nor of the blood; you shall not have sexual immorality: but if you don't disobey these commandments, you shall be well. Peace be to you.
He who is wise walks in the way of life. He departs from Sheol.
A man who is a false witness shall perish, but no one shall make a defense concerning him who hears the testimony.
that we may escape out of the hand of these adversaries,
The king said, Isn't this the great Babylon, which I have made with my might, and with the majesty of my majesty for the house of my people?
They are like little children sitting in the street, crying one to another, saying, Our flutes don't dance, you don't dance,' and we lamentation to you, and you don't weep.
I will do this to you, and I will set my heart to make you afraid, and tore, and tore, and tore, and tore; and to kill, and tore, and tore, and tore; for your enemies shall eat seed.
The firstborn of the children of Israel shall come out of the midst of the Levite, who is more than two hundred seventy-three; and you shall redeem him.
The word of Yahweh came to me.
Then shall the trees of the forest sing aloud before Yahweh; for he shall come and judge the whole earth.
Who is there among you who has seen the former glory of this house? and what do you see now? isn't it in your eyes, nor in your eyes?
then you shall bring all the firstborn of your sons to Yahweh, and all the firstborn of your livestock; and they are of Yahweh.
This is the word that I shall speak in my mouth: it shall not return to me empty, that I may do that which I shall delight in, that I may prosper in the things which I have sent him.
The grass shall be dry, and the flower shall shoot; for the breath of Yahweh has taken hold of it. Surely man is as grass.
These are the kings of the Hittites, and of the Amorites, of the Canaanites, and of the Perizzites, and of the Hivites, and of the Jebusites, in the hill country, and in the lowland, and in the Arabah, and in the hill country, and in the wilderness, and in the land of the South:
You also will be a witness to them and to the nations for my sake, that they may go out before the governor and the king.
He will utter a wonder, and will call the people who are far off, and will cry for trouble, and will call them from the ends of the earth. Behold, they hurries and comes.
Then I greatly rebuked the officers, and said to them, Why has the house of God been laid waste? Then I gathered the Levites together, and brought them in again.
Asa called to Yahweh his God, and said, Yahweh, save you help in the midst of the strong, and in the midst of the feeble: Yahweh our God, help us; for we trust in you, and make your name against all the multitudes. Yahweh, you are our God, and let no one prevail against you.
You shall eat the food that is labored in your hand, and you shall be well-pleasing and well-pleasing.
He sat on a goodly bed, and set up a table before his bed, and put on it my spices, and my ointment, and my ointment.
I said, I am not the Christ, but the Son of Prophecy. You are my witnesses.
The prince shall offer the burnt offering of Yahweh on the Sabbath day; six lambs without blemish, and one ram without blemish;
If a rich man put on a golden hand, and put on a beautiful garment in your synagogue, and a poor man clothed in a coat of mail came in,
He divided the livestock from a flock to the charge of the servants, and said to the servant, Go before me, and let it be for a portion to all the flock.
They said, What sign do you show us, that we may believe you? What do you do?
So they turned aside from the multitude, and entered into a deserted land in the ships.
Go now quickly, and tell his disciples, He will rise from the dead, and he will come before you into Galilee first, and there you will see him.' Now I have told you.
Some of the Pharisees came to him, testing him, and asking him, Should a man divorce his wife?
A wicked man will receive a vain reward, But one who sows the righteous will receive a true reward.
I have given you good counsel, that you may do as I have done to you.
You shall set your mind on the dogs, and on the wicked, and on those who are strong in circumcision.
To give thanks to the God of his mighty hand and of his outstretched arm; For his loving kindness endures forever;
Their infants shall be forsaken before their eyes; and their houses shall be a spoil, and their wives a reproach.
Deliver me, Yahweh, from my enemies. Let me hide myself in you.
Come you to me, and hear this: I have not spoken from the beginning in secret, and have done it, and I am there: now the Lord Yahweh has sent me and his Spirit.
A mocker seeks wisdom, and doesn't find it; But a prudent man finds knowledge quickly.
Rejoice forever and ever for the sake of my Maker; For I have made Jerusalem a delight, And made her a people, That they may rejoice in joy.
When a handmaid saw Peter sitting and warming himself, she stared at him, and said, This man also is with Jesus.
Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who raised us from the dead, according to the unrighteousness of his loving kindness through Jesus Christ, to the hope of life;
When they saw me in the temple, I was fully refreshed. I was without fear, and I was not troubled.
Yahweh spoke to you out of the midst of the fire on the mountain, from the face of the mountain.
If two men contend, and there come near one man's wife, to deliver her husband out of the hand of him who struck him, and put forth his hand to take the man's nakedness;
Tell us, Is it lawful for Caesar's Caesar to pay taxes?
The priests didn't say, Where is Yahweh, who has not known me in the law, and has rebelled against me in the rulers, and has prophesied in the prophets, and walked in vain.
God came in the dream of the night to Abimelech, and said, You are a man worthy of death; for the woman whom you took is a man's wife.
Then David took it off, and took the rod in his hand, and took the two stones that were on the five ledges in the open field, and put them in the bag, in the beloved of the shepherds; and he took the ropes that were on the stone in his hand; and he came near to the Philistine.
He said to the judges, See now what you have done, because you have judged it not for man, but for God's sake. When you have judged it, he will be with you.
For this is Solomon's request, And the Lord delights in his words.
A worthless man plans mischief, But his lips burn like fire.
Then the master of it will come and tell you, Give now to this man,' and you will be ashamed, and will sit down in the lowest place.
For they preached the Good News abroad for the name of Christ, and didn't receive anything from the unbeliever.
Why do we hear all of them, as we all speak?
You shall rejoice and be glad. Many shall rejoice for his sakes.
I always remember you. This is the thing that is right toward all of you; for you have set apart with me the grace of God, both in the midst of the Gehenna, and in the midst of the Good News.
He looked up, and worshiped the angel, and humbled himself, and took advantage of his body, and was wise; yet from the flesh of the sacrifice of burnt offerings there was nothing.
I will make men better than pure gold, That men may be better than gold in Ophir.
It will happen in those days, in the time of those troubles, that the sun will be darkened, and the moon will not shine,
This god of the world blinds those who don't believe, and doesn't see the light of the Good News. This Good News testifies to the glory of Christ, that is to say, the image of God.
Saul sent messengers to Jesse, saying, Bring here to me here your son David, the one who fed the sheep.
Rebekah took Esau the firstborn again, and put on Jacob the beauty of his house, and put on Jacob the younger of his sons,
They reap the wheat and the thorns. They labor in vain. For they will be ashamed of their increase because of the fierce anger of Yahweh.
He shall be as a wild donkey, and his hand shall be against all; and the hand of all shall be against him: he shall stand before all his brothers.
But Peter rose up, and spoke with a loud voice, and said to them, Know this, you Jews, and all who are in Jerusalem, and listen to me.
For the terror that I have dreaded has come on me; and the terror that I have dreaded has come on me.
Give thanks to the Lord of all, For his loving kindness endures forever.
Let the balances of righteousness come together, That God may know my integrity.
He put his head in the platter, and gave it to the woman. She took it, and gave it to her.
behold, the days come, says Yahweh, that all that is in your house, and that which your fathers gathered up to this day, shall be taken away to Babylon, and there shall be nothing left, says Yahweh.
I was with him, and there was a dream in that night both of us, and there was no partiality in the dream of the nations.
The meal offering of the priest shall be wholly burnt, and you shall not eat of it.
To give thanks to the God who brought up the children of Israel out of Egypt, For his loving kindness endures forever.
Solomon went after Ashtoreth the daughter of the Sidonians, and Milcom the abomination of the children of Ammon.
Therefore my heart is as brass for Moab; and my heart is as brazen brass for the men of Kir Heres: for their substance is not gone from them.
Jesus said to her, Woman, cheer up! Your faith made you well.
There was a gate in the court toward the south, from the gate even to the gate toward the south, one hundred cubits.
The singers gathered themselves together out of all the plains of Jerusalem round about, and out of the villages of Nedophar,
I will give strength to the arm of the king of Babylon, and will deliver my sword into his hand; and I will break the arm of Pharaoh; and he shall cry out before him like the sighing of the dead.
The king shall mourn; and the king shall despise; and the hand of the people shall tremble; and I will do to them according to their ways, and will execute judgments on them; and they shall know that I am Yahweh.
Yahweh said to Moses and to Aaron and to Miriam suddenly, You three come out to the tent of meeting. They three came out.
I will seek him who is Sidon; I will bring him who is driven away; I will bind him who is wounded; I will heal him who is sick; but he who is fat and strong will be cut off, and I will strike him on the right hand and on the left.
From the region of Tyre he passed over Sidon and the region of Decapolis, and came to the king of Galilee.
He called the priests and the Levites together, and said to them, Go into the cities of Judah, and repair your God's house from year to year, out of all Israel; and do this thing quickly: but the Levites didn't hurried.
Then one will feed a young bull and two ewes.
Thus says Jephthah, The children of Israel have not taken the land of Moab, nor the land of the children of Ammon.
The servant said, I have done all that you command, Lord, but I have nothing.'
Solomon purposed to build a house for the name of Yahweh, and to build a house for his kingdom.
gave his offering: one silver platter, the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering;
All the animals, and all the creeping things, and all the birds of the earth, and all the things that are on the surface of the earth, according to their fathers' houses, went forth out of the ark.
But escape from the foolishness of the yoke, and from the divisions of the fathers' houses, and from the law; for all these things are profitable and without price.
They have set princes, and not of me; they have made princes, and I don't know; they have made idols in their silver and in their gold, so that they are cut off.
Binding their kings with fetters, And their servants with harps;
The crown shall be for Helem, and for Tobiah, and for Jedahiah, and for the children of Zephaniah, the same is Josiah; and it shall be for a memorial in the house of Yahweh.
Therefore I will wail like the weeping of the men of Jazer for the vine of Sibmah. Heshbon and Elealiah I will chastise you with tears, for the noise of your wailing will come suddenly, when you reap the fruit and the harvest.
Throw them into the oven, and there they will weep. They will gnaw the teeth.
Woe to those who are full now! For you are hungry. Those who laugh now will be plagued, because you are mourning and weeping.
So the earth changes like the clods of the earth. All things are like the grass of a garment.
So my anger is kindled, and I will be comforted by the wrath of them; and I have done that which I have done to them in my wrath, that they may know that I, Yahweh, have spoken with zeal.
They sacrificed to demons their children,
I am the revelation of God that I have gone back, and I have been preached by those who hope in the Gentiles, that I don't labor to the end, neither have I, nor have I, any more, any work which I have done.
For many of those who were disobedient, even of those who had spoken falsehood, even of those who were deceitful, must be circumcised in Christ.
This is the high priest, whom I say, who sits on the right hand of the throne of God in heaven.
Arise, go to Zerephath in Sidon, and dwell there. Behold, I have commanded a widow of the land to feed you.
The angel of Yahweh appeared to him in the flame of the bush. When he saw the bush, behold, the bush was not burned with fire.
The word of Yahweh which came to Zechariah the prophet, the son of Berechiah, the son of Iddo, in the second year of Darius, in the fourth month, in the twenty-fourth day of the month Sebat, saying,
Therefore let's not use the yeast of wickedness in our hearts, but our unleavened bread for a sacrifice, that we may observe it in a blameless way.
Jehoiada was old and full of days, and died one hundred thirty years, when he died.
All the kingdoms of the earth, the dominion, and the dignity of the kingdoms, are given over to the saints of the Most High. His kingdom is an everlasting nation, and all who have dominion will serve him.
They grove like thorns, Like drunken and drunken with water; Yet they will burn like dry grass.
He said to the man, Stretch out your hand, and immediately he stretched out his hand, and immediately his hand became as the other's hand.
The breadth of the wall of the court toward the south, and the breadth of it toward the separate place, and over against the housetops, were their chambers.
He lived in the hill country of Ephraim, in Ramah, and in Bethel, under the palm tree of Deborah: and all Israel went to him, and were judged.
Out of the tribe of Issachar, Kishon with its suburbs, and Taberah with its suburbs,
The captain of the guard called for Jeremiah, and said to him, Yahweh your God has said, To bring this evil on this place.
When you go forth out of Egypt, I make a covenant with you. Don't be afraid of my Spirit, which dwells in the midst of you.
He who doesn't give his offering without boasting, as though a wind had a cloud, and didn't rain,
their camels were four hundred thirty-five, and their donkeys six thousand one hundred twenty.
The first living thing was like a lion, and the second living thing like a calf, and the third living thing like a man, and the fourth living thing like a flying eagle.
They offer incense on the top of the mountains, and burn incense on the hills, under the oaks, under the thickets of the trees, and under the strong trees; for their shade is good: therefore your daughters play the prostitute, and your brides play the prostitute.
Jesus stood before the governor, and the governor said to him, Are you the King of the Jews? He said to him, You said this.
Wail, weep, and let your tears run down. Let your barns be turned into mourning. Let your joy be turned into mourning.
Then all who sat in the council took the gold and gold from Stephanus, and saw his face as the face of an angel.
As for the prophets, my heart was grieved within me, and my bones were uncircumcised; as for Yahweh, and for his holy words, so I was as a drunken man, as the people who were encamped.
When the officers shall prophesy to the people, they shall set the captains over them to lead the people.
Sing aloud to God, all the earth!
The cry of Heshbon and Elealeh came to Jahaz. Therefore Moab cried with a loud voice with his army; and their heart trembled.
There is a man who passes by, and behold, he is gone. I can't find him, neither do I find him.
If I say that I shall forget my murmurings, And that my sorrows may be turned into joy;
They brought up the ark of Yahweh, and the tent of meeting, and all the holy vessels that were in the tent: and the priests and the Levites carried it up.
You shall count all the congregation of the children of Israel according to their fathers' houses throughout all Israel from twenty years old and upward, even all who are able to go out to war.
As you desire to be treated against you, you shall do likewise to men.
Woe to us, or to the sword, or to the oppressor, or to pestilence, or to famine, or to trouble, when we stand before this house, and we entreat you before you; for your name is in this house, and you shall hear our supplication.
then hear from heaven, and hear from your dwelling place, according to all that the nations have asked of you; that all the heavens and the earth may know your name, and fear you, and the children of Israel your people; and that they may know that I have built this house, and have called it by your name.
There was no one who could show kindness to him, but who could stand before me?
It is a reproach to them that they should be counted worthy of dishonor for the name of the Lord, because of the joy of the apostles who are far from the assembly.
Moses spoke to Yahweh, saying,
No, but in all these things we have been made perfect in all our love toward our God.
Samson cried to Yahweh when he was thirsty, saying, Because you have worked a great salvation by the hand of your servant, don't I die now, and fall into the hand of the uncircumcised?
Of the Levites did Ahijah rule over the treasures of the house of Yahweh, and over the treasures of the holy things.
When the woman conceived, and bore a son, and saw that he was a clean child, she set him up three months.
For the Most High God didn't dwell in the house that was built under the hands, as the prophet said,
Aaron ran to the assembly, as Moses had spoken: and behold, the plague was spread among the people; and he took the incense, and made atonement for the people.
the wilderness in Bezch, for the children of Reuben, and for the children of Gilead in Reuben, and for the children of Seth, of the children of Gad, and for the children of Bashan in Seth, of Manasseh.
For the fortified cities are become desolations, and the waste houses are like the wilderness; and the calves will eat grass there, and lie down, and will eat up the leaves of the branches.
All the people, even all the men of war who were with him, went to encamp before the city, and encamped on the north of Ai. There was a valley between him and Ai.
and you came to the land which Yahweh your God gave you to possess it, and dispossessed it, and lived therein;
They all didn't burn the ephah basket, but each one of them did according to his course, found the spear, and didn't escape.
A prophet came to Ahab king of Israel, and said, Thus says Yahweh, Haven't you seen a great multitude? behold, I will deliver them into your hand this day, and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
For you rejoice, Babylon, and rejoice in the spoil of my heritage; for you love one another, as a herd of grain, and as horses of valor.
Don't deceive yourselves, but God is dishonorable. According to the seed which he sows, so shall men reap.
You shall not take the ransom money of him who flees to the city of refuge, that he may live in his land before the priest dies.
Lord, swallow them up! Crucify their words! For I have seen violence and oppression in the city.
For God will establish your words against you, and against you, whether you are guilty or not.
But the righteous will rejoice, And they will rejoice in the sight of God. They will be glad and rejoice in their time.
He said to them, Give ear to what you will hear. When you measure with what you will measure, God will measure you with the same measure, and will add to it.
I will measure the plumb line of Samaria, and the line of the house of Ahab, and will bring it up on Jerusalem, as when one is seven, and seven on Jerusalem.
He said to him, What can I do for you? You tell me. What is there in your house? He said, There is nothing but oil left in your handmaid's house, but nothing.
When you were in the kidneys, you were in the kidneys, and were in the kidneys.
There is the body of the heavens, and the body of the earth; but the light of the heavens is not as the light of the earth.
Yet my eyes love them, and don't destroy them, neither are they destroyed in the wilderness.
The border went down to the river of Cana, on the south side of the river, between the cities of Manasseh: and the cities were of Ephraim. The border of Manasseh was on the north side, and the goings out of it were at the sea.
For they lay secretly secretly in secret, And have dug a pit for my life.
Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! For you have caused a man to enter in by the sea, but afterward you have turned him into a man more evil than yourself.
In the second year of Darius, in the eighth month, the word of Yahweh came to Zechariah the prophet, the son of Berechiah, the son of Iddo, saying,
They utter pride in their words. All those who work iniquity do violence to themselves.
I have cut off the Amorites from before them, and they are high as cedars, and strong as oaks: but I have destroyed the fruit that is on them, and cut off the roots from under them.
This is how the captivity has gone. Ezra the priest, and certain heads of fathers' houses according to their fathers' houses, are profaned according to their names; and they have sat down on the tenth day of the month to take up this matter.
That you may hear the song of thanksgiving, And declare all your wondrous works.
Serve Yahweh with a heart of gladness, And sing to him.
Therefore love strangers, because you lived as aliens in the land of Egypt.
They said, We will not drink wine; for Jonadab the son of Rechab, our father, said to us, You shall not drink wine with your children forever:
But Jesus didn't need to give the priesthood to others, for he lives forever.
They left my clothes, and cast lots for my clothing.
You have been freed from sin. You have become servants of righteousness.
I testify, that he labored for you, and for the Laodicea, and for the Heres.
Don't give to the wild animal the dove of gentleness. Don't forget the life of the poor forever.
As for man, his days are as grass. His beauty is like the flower of the mountains.
He made the lampstand of pure gold, and the base of the lampstand, and the pillars of it, and the cups of it, and the branches of it, and the flowers of it, of beaten work, for a base.
They cried out for the multitude of their oppressors; for the oppressors of their strength cried out to save.
Yahweh answered the angel who spoke to me with good words and with comfort.
For, behold, I have made known to them this time, says Yahweh; and I will make known to them my right hand and my left hand: and they shall know that my name is Yahweh.
But Job said to him, Why do you speak as the foolish women speak? Won't we receive blessing from Yahweh, and be plagued by him? In all this, Job didn't sin by his mouth.
The sword is given to the light, that the man may lift his hand; and it is anointed, and the light is carried, that it may be given into the hand of the slain.
Samuel answered, I am to sacrifice to Yahweh for peace. Sanctify yourselves, and come with me. Samuel made Jesse and his sons clean, and called them to sacrifice.
Give to man, that you may possess, and measure to you the measure of the measure; and take the sun, and wave it, that it may come forth, and cover it, and pour down your garments; for with whatever measure you measure it you measure it, and it will be measured to you.
I know a man's way, That he doesn't walk by himself, Neither does he who walks by his own footstool.
those who were numbered of them, of the tribe of Manasseh, were thirty-five thousand four hundred.
Our father's life is joined to this child's life: now therefore, if I don't have a child with us, if I return to my father, who is your servant's,
It won't be stopped in the day of the shower, Neither will the careless woman.
He made sashes of fine twined linen, and blue, purple, scarlet, and embroidered work for a belt, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
He took the breast, and put the Urim and the Thummim in the breastplate.
and the fourth row a jacinth, and a jacinth, and a jacinth: and all these were in the settings of the treasuries.
They went out, and came into the city, and found everything as Jesus had said. They stayed there, and prepared the Passover.
They tell you, In the last days there will arise a certain man, who will do according to his own lust, and will not fear; and they will mock at other men's faith.
When the old man lifted up his eyes, and saw the guests in the street of the city, he said to him, Where are you from? Where are you going?
Don't be enraged at the desire of the wicked, Yahweh, That they may be exalted. Selah.
The days of the death of Israel came, and he called Joseph his son, and said to him, If now I have found favor in your sight, put your hand on my thigh, and swear to me, and deal kindly and truly with me, and don't bury me in Egypt.
Adonijah was afraid of Solomon, and rose up, and took the horn of the altar.
Jesus answered them, I will give him bread, that is. He turned to Judas the son of Simon, to give it to Simon the Keriothite.
Our beloved brothers, and a faithful servant, Tychicus, will tell you about my matters, and about my relatives.
So they cast lots for them; and they cast lots for Jonah: and they said to him, Please tell us, What is this evil that we have done, for who is it? for what is it that you have done? for where have you come from? for where have your own land been? for what have you become of all the people?
that we might be joined to him, to establish righteousness with God, through the ungodly Christ.
Now I tell you, what I will do to my vineyard, that I will tear it down, and make it devour; and I will break down the wall, and it will be trodden down.
Behold, the words which you have spoken shall be quickly accomplished; and it shall happen, when they shall come to pass, that they shall know that there are prophets among them.
His bones are full of the strength of his youth, But they will fall with him in the dust.
All the children of Eleazar, the children of Ithamar, did according to their divisions, and didn't divide it: and they were princes in the sanctuary, and princes in the presence of God.
Saul said to Jonathan, What have you done to me? Jonathan said, Surely I have dipped a bottle of honey in my hand, so shall I die?
This is love for us, according to the commandment of God; which you heard from the beginning.
I brought your fathers forth out of Egypt; and you came into the sea, and the Egyptians brought their chariots and their horsemen after your fathers to the Red Sea.
He made poles of acacia wood, and overlaid them with brass.
A third part, and a tenth part, of the Gentiles, after their work,
The Stephanus was full of grace and power. He worked great wonders and signs among the people.
Then someone brought in the paralytic, that he might carry it in before Jesus.
Then the princes of Moab arose, and returned to Baal, and said, Balaam will not come with us.
He went with his disciples to a place called Giussemaneh. He said to his disciples, Sit down here until I come and pray.
Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, The king of Judah has sent you to inquire of me: thus shall you tell him, Behold, those who are come out to help Pharaoh your army shall return to his own land in Egypt.
I have written to you, Titus, and you are my true child in the faith of our saints. Grace be to you and peace be to God our Father, and to Christ Jesus our Savior.
But afterward I will bring back the captivity of the children of Ammon, says Yahweh.
You have made your shields of all kinds in the garden of Eden God, rubies, and sycamore stones, and jewels of gold, and sycamore stones, and crimson, and jacinth, and jacinth, and sycamore stones, and sycamore stones, and sycamore stones; you have made them on you, and you have prepared them in the day that you were made.
Moses went up into the cloud into the mountain, and Moses was forty days and forty nights on the mountain.
If you love one another, all will know that you are my disciples.
There shall be no more night there, neither light for the lamps, nor light for the sun; for the Lord God will light them, and they shall reign forever.
and the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour, and the fourth part of a hin of fine brook oil for a meal offering;
There Assyrian and all his people are, and their graves are round about him; they are all slain by the sword.
As for all the wicked neighbors, who have caused me to inherit the inheritance of my people Israel, says Yahweh, Behold, I will drive them out of their land, and will drive out the house of Judah out of the midst of them.
The princes were angry with Jeremiah, and struck him, and put him in the prison in the house of Jonathan the scribe; for they had made him a prison.
He will judge the world according to righteousness, And will judge all according to justice.
and you did so, as I gave you food, and fine flour, and oil, and honey, which I fed you, and did so to you, says the Lord Yahweh.
But he said, We will not turn aside into the cities of the Gentiles, which are not of the children of Israel; but let us go over to Gibeah.
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, everyone who entered into the service, for work in the Tent of Meeting.
The angel threw the sickle into the earth, and cut off the grapes of the earth, and cast them into the winepresses of the wrath of God.
Yahweh your God will gather you from there, and he will gather you from there, If you are chased, and have those who are round about you.
When I shall speak concerning a nation, or concerning a nation, that I may build and plant it;
It shall happen, if you desire to receive you in the same way, that the peace which you shall bless shall be given you. If it isn't the desire of your soul, take the peace which is blessed in your sight.
But Jesus said, Be careful that you don't go astray, for many will come in my name, saying, I am the Christ,' and saying, The hour is coming. Don't follow them.
It happened after this, that Moab and the children of Ammon came together to fight against Jehoshaphat:
Yahweh said to him, Take for me three oxen of a great age, three sheep of a great age, three rams of a great age, three rams of a great age, one turtledove, and another dove of a dove.
They reasoned among themselves, saying, We didn't bring bread, did he say so?
Those who sin are of the devil, for the devil sins from the beginning. The shepherds of the Son of God are revealed to destroy the devil.
You shall break down every fortified city, and every beautiful city, and shall cut down every good tree, and shall put in all springs of water, and you shall strike with stones all the good fields.
You have magnified your majesty. You have overthrown those who rise up against you. You have kindled great wrath. You have burned them like grass.
They departed quickly out of the way which I commanded them; and they gave them a young bull, and bowed themselves down to worship, and sacrificed to it, saying, This is the spirit which brought you forth out of the land of Egypt.
God is the refuge of our refuge and the strength of our strength. He is the help of those who are in trouble.
For apart from him there is no salvation, for God didn't give another name among the children of men in heaven, that we might be saved by the name.
Your eyes are the lamp of your body; and if your eyes are gold, the whole body shall be radiant; and if your eyes are blossomed, the whole body shall be darkened.
The strength of those fugitives was bowed down, and they stood in the shade of Heshbon: but the fire came forth out of Heshbon, and the flame went out from Sihon, and devoured all the shields of Moab, and all the transgressors over his face.
I, Daniel, saw the vision, that I might understand it: and behold, there stood before me a vision like the appearance of a man.
Now my brothers, swear not by heaven, or by earth, or by anything else, but by God, who says, It is not!'
I will cause them to go into captivity among the nations, and will gather them to their own land, and there shall be none remaining: and they shall know that I am Yahweh their God.
Don't be far from me, Yahweh. Hurry to help me, God, my strength.
Pharaoh had no peace in the morning; and he sent and called all the enchantments and the magicians in Egypt; and Pharaoh told them the dream, saying, There is no one who can explain it to Pharaoh.
Simon Peter answered him, Lord, who shall we follow any more, you word of life?
Look at what evil I have, or what evil I have; Lead me in the way of my eternal life.
Hear, I beg you, the voice of my beloved; behold, he comes; he claps in the mountains, and dances in the hills.
It happened in the eleventh year, in the first month, in the seventh day of the month, that the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
A voice shall be heard to the end of the earth; for Yahweh shall be with the nations, and whoever shall go into captivity shall contend with them: if it be an evil man, he shall deliver them up to the sword, says Yahweh.
There were also seven sons and three daughters.
For I also will boast, because of the multitude that is striving for the things of the world.
Now Hannah's heart was silent, and her lips trembled, and she didn't hear the voice: therefore Eli was a drunken woman.
You shall not stand in the way, neither shall you hide the fugitives from them: you shall not deliver the remnant of them to the adversary in the day of their calamity.
The seed of his servants shall inherit the land, And those who love him shall dwell therein.
The rest of the families of the children of Kohath, their cities, thirteen made places with their suburbs.
What profit is a man to God? Surely a wise man is good for himself.
Jacob said to Laban, Please send me away, that I may return to my own land.
and to bring the silver and the gold that the king and his counselors delight in, to the God of Israel, who dwells in Jerusalem;
You shall teach them to keep all my commandments which I command you, and you shall remember that I am with you until the end of the world.
They told him all his thoughts, and said to him, I have not come to the head of him who has shaved my head, because I am a Nazirite to Yahweh. If I shave me, my strength will depart from me, and I will be weak as others.
He who overcomes will also wear white clothing, and I will not blot out his name from the dead. I will confess his name before my Father, and before his angels.
All the brothers greet you. Greet one another with a holy kiss.
Israel said, What will you do to me like this, and how will you tell the man what kind of brother you are?
You will break them in pieces like a potter's mouth.
If I ascend to heaven, there you are. If I sleep in Sheol, there you are also.
In Ramah, weeping and mourning, Rachel weeps for her children; she refuses to be comforted; for they are no more.
When his brothers saw that his father loved him, they hated Joseph, and didn't speak peaceably to him.
Ahimelech answered the king, Who is like David among your servants? He is the king's son-in-law, and he is your companion, and honorable in your house.
Is the field ever the same to sow? is it ever the same as he who digs the earth? is it ever the same as he who digs the earth?
David also took Ahinoam the Jezreelite; and they were both his wives.
Moses brought the people out of the camp to meet God, and they stood on the mountain.
You shall kill him on the north side of the altar before Yahweh: and Aaron's sons the priest shall sprinkle his blood on the altar round about.
The name of his daughter was Sherelah, who built Beth Horon, and Beth Horon, and Uzzan Shelah.
Paul, a prisoner for Christ Jesus' sake. Timothy, our brother, wrote to Philip our beloved fellow worker,
You have sown iniquity, and have sinned, and have eaten the fruit of lies: for you have trusted in your own ways, and have trusted in your multitudes of mighty men.
Moses and Aaron fell down before all the congregation of the children of Israel.
Why do the nations make the prophets? Why do the people devise vanity?
For you know that afterward he longed to receive the blessing, and to refuse it, because he didn't seek the will of his father to change his heart, and because he left his eyes open, and prayed diligently, and couldn't be blessed.
The burden of Tyre. Wail, you ships of Tarshish, because Tyre is laid waste, and because there is no house, neither is there any man to enter in; and it is told them from the place of Kittim.
The Jews said, He says, Where I am going, you can't go.' Will he go and be ensnared?
and struck the young men and the virgins with you, and struck the shepherds and herds with you; and struck the farmers and herds with you; and struck the governor and herds with you.
I will bring you into the wilderness of the Gentiles, and will enter into judgment with you there.
Then the high priest said, Are these things?
For the Lord heard the voice of the chariot and the voice of the horse, which the army of the Syrians heard: and they said one to another, Behold, this is the king of Israel who gave to the kings of the Hittites and of the Egyptians against us.
His division, and those who were numbered of them, were fifty-nine thousand three hundred.
There arose a great earthquake, and the foundations of the prison trembled. Immediately all the prison doors were opened, and the legs of the prisoners were completely shut.
Seven priests of the seven trumpets of rams' horns went before the ark of Yahweh, and blew trumpets; and the armor bearer went before them; and the people went after the ark of the covenant of Yahweh, and the priests went astray.
Most assuredly I tell you, there shall not one of the least parts of the law, when it is in the beginning of the law and of the law, until the death of the earth is accomplished.
The king of Egypt said to them, Moses and Aaron, why do you want the people to bear their burdens? go, do the work that is right for you.
who has been made known by the Spirit, and who has known his death, that he has seen the promise of the Lord.
Don't provoke the father to anger, And don't make them faint.
and you shall offer the drink offering of a hin of wine for a drink offering, an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor to Yahweh.
Behold, they flee away from evil; and the Egyptians shall gather them, and the Memphis shall bury them: and they shall bring forth briers out of their tents, with the desire of their money.
I am a Jew, born at Tarsus at Cilicia, and in Jerusalem as a disciple of Gamaliel, and as one of the kingdoms of this day; and I was taught by our fathers in the law with zeal for God.
When he had commanded the twelve, he departed from there, teaching and preaching the Good News in the near city.
Now there was a certain man, a man of Caesar's hand, sick, and ready to die.
Yahweh said to Moses, Tell Aaron, Take your rod, and stretch out your hand over the waters of Egypt, which are on their rivers, on their rivers, on their rivers, and on all their waters, and turn them into blood: and there shall be blood in all the land of Egypt, in all vessels of wood, or in all vessels of stone.
David said to the servants who were with him in Jerusalem, Come up, and let us flee; for we can't escape from Absalom, unless we have escaped. Let us go quickly, lest he come quickly on us, and strike us, and kill the city with the edge of the sword.
Know therefore that the word of God's salvation has been preached to the Gentiles, and they will hear and receive it.
Woe to you, nation, if your king is a child, and your princes are weary in the morning!
He fell down at his feet, and gave him thanks. This man was a Samaritan.
Your lips are as scarlet, and your mouth is beautiful. Your cheeks are like a pomegranate in a veil.
Is it according to your commandment that the eagle should be exalted on high?
Don't provoke your father to anger with your children. You shall nourish them with the chastening of the Lord and with his teaching.
It happened after this, that Jeroboam didn't depart from his evil way, but set up priests of the high places from among all the people, everyone who loved them, and set him apart, that he might be priest of the high places.
then I will establish your kingdom, as I made a covenant with David your father, saying, Your seed shall rule over Israel forever and ever.
You shall not eat the bread of the bridegroom's bread, neither shall you drink the good of it.
All winged creeping things, which go on all fours, are an abomination to you.
Isaiah said, Take a cake of figs, and let them take it. So they took it, and spread it on the boil, and the king was healed.
Jesus answered them, You know neither the time nor the time that the Father has ordained for you.
It shall happen, when Yahweh gives you rest, that they shall possess you, as Yahweh has given you; and they shall possess the land which Yahweh your God gives to the Jordan: and afterward you shall come every man to the land which I give to you for an inheritance.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
If a man doesn't observe one of the law, but doesn't observe all the law;
For there is neither circumcision, nor circumcision, but he who is swift to keep the commandments of God.
They answered before the king, and said, Behold, Daniel, the man of the captivity of the children of Judah, O king, he has not taken you and the sign that you have signed, but three times in the day he prays.
To him who made great lights, For his loving kindness endures forever.
This is the history of Noah: Noah is a righteous man, and in him is a perfect man; Noah and God walk together.
He spoke these things to him, saying, Behold, the Hebrew servant, whom you brought us into his house, came to me to mock me;
It happened in those days, when Mordecai was sitting at the door of the king's house, that two of the king's officers, the porters of Beth Dan and Therush, were in anger against king Ahasuerus.
Pharaoh said, Behold, the inhabitants of this land are many, and you will call them to forced labor.
He drove out the nations before them; and he measured the land of the nations by cords to them for an inheritance; and he gave it to the tribes of Israel to dwell in the tents of the nations.
The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ be with you. Amen.
Yahweh said to Moses, Go up into Egypt, and do to Pharaoh all the wonders that I have given into your hand: but I will harden his heart, and he will not let this people go.
The world of Zion is whiter than snow, And whiter than breasts. Their body is redr than rubies, As the brightness of a sapphire,
As for Jehoiakim king of Judah, thus says Yahweh, Thus says Yahweh, You have burned the scroll, and have said, Why write you in it, saying, The king of Babylon shall surely destroy the land, and make this land to perish, both man and animal?
Yahweh said to Joshua, Arise, why do you fall on the earth?
Then his disciples came to him, and said to him, Who is the greatest man in the Kingdom of Heaven?
For your arrows have taken hold of me. Your hand has taken hold of me.
He went with him. The multitude followed him in the ephod.
He overlaid the house with gold, and the wayward, and the threshold, and the wall, and the doorpost, and made cherubim.
For thus says Yahweh, Behold, this time will I offer up the inhabitants of this land, and I will distress them, and make them to cease.
that the days of your days, and the days of your seed, may be multiplied in the land which Yahweh swore to your fathers to give them, as the days of the covert of the earth in heaven, for a great multitude.
Rehoboam went to Shechem; for all Israel came to Shechem to make him king.
Go, inquire of Yahweh for me, and for the people, and for all Judah, concerning the words of this book which they have gathered: for Yahweh is angry with us, because our fathers have not obeyed the words of this book, nor done according to all that is written concerning us.
When he was high priest, David entered into the house of God, and ate the bread of the altar, and gave to the people who were with him. According to the law, no one could eat the bread of the sacrifice, except the priests.
Their meal offering was fine flour mixed with oil, three tenth parts for each bull, two rams, and two tenth parts for each ram.
All the people praised Demetrius, and the truth itself was witness against him. We testify about him, and you know that our testimony is true.
If you understand, then hear this: Turn your ear to the voice of my words.
Let my tongue sing praises to your promise, For all your commandments are righteous.
The angel said, You shall not put your hand on this child, nor do it to him; for now know I that you fear God, and have not given your son, whom you have left alone, that he didn't give me.
The Jews also who spoke in Greece reasoned about him, but they plotted to kill him again.
I will put your bill on him, and will put your belt on him, and will deliver your ruler's house into his hand; and he shall be a father to the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and to the house of Judah.
They sailed to the other side of the sea to Capernaum. But before evening, Jesus came to them.
The father said to them, Where went he from? For his son saw the way of the man of God who came from Judah.
Jesus said, Listen, and I will come near to you. Blessed are those who keep this book, the words of the prophecy.
Moses turned and went down on the mountain, and took two tables of the covenant in his hand: and the two tables had their faces written on the one side and on the other.
Blessed be the greatness of Yahweh, Whose strength is in vain.
This is the tent of my dwelling where I was carried away from me, as the shepherds of the sheep; and I took up my life, and did it to this man; and he will cut me off from my reeds: from the morning even to the evening, Yahweh will surely make my life an end.
Jesus answered them, You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul, and with all your soul and with all your soul.
Then Azariah the priest took the ephod of Yahweh, and went in with him, even eighty men.
Saul said, Throw lots among me and Jonathan my son. He cast lots for Jonathan.
Take away your punishment, and take it away from me; For I will destroy it, because of your hand's chastening.
The centurion found a ship out of Alexander, that he might open to Italy, and he called us to the boat.
The children of Israel pitched their tents, and the kingdoms according to their armies, and the kingdoms according to their encampments, and the kingdoms according to their standards.
Therefore to this day did all the children of Israel not eat the firstborn's root; for that man had cut off the root of Jacob's thigh.
Hezekiah commanded to dress in the house of Yahweh, and they prepared it.
What do you think about him? Who are his seed? They answered him, The seed of David.
For I have been in Christ Jesus, and therefore I have been glorified in God's service.
those who were numbered of them, of the tribe of Manasseh, were fifty-three thousand four hundred.
If you will not be forgiven all of you, neither will my Father do you any more.
The waters prevailed straight from the earth, and afterward one hundred fifty days.
Then justice will dwell in the wilderness, And righteousness in the fruitful field.
As our Lord Jesus Christ shown me, I myself know that I have come to the day that I am departed from the world.
The king answered, I will let you know that you are an adversary; for you know that I have forgotten this dream.
how he must suffer, and be the first to rise from the dead, that the light of salvation may be preached to the Jews and the Gentiles.
You, brothers, do good. Don't consider it.
The Egyptians pursued after them, and all Pharaoh's horses, his chariots, and all his horsemen, and all his army; and they came near to Pihahiroth, by the sea, over against Baal Zephon, and encamped in the land of Israel, and pursued after them.
It was so in the second year of king Darius, in the sixth month, in the twenty-fourth day of the month.
They shall bring to this city the glory of the nations, and the honor of their honor.
You know plainly, whether sexual immorality, or uncleanness, or covetousness, which is idolatry, can't be made the Christ, nor the Kingdom of God.
They can't bear the testimony that I testify to you now.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: I will bring many against them, that they may be cast down and cast into captivity;
Balak took Balaam to the hill country of Sophia, and went up to the hill country of Pisgah, and built seven altars, and offered every altar a bull and a ram.
Even so you also have a man who holds the teaching of Nicolaea.
Moses commanded the children of Israel according to the word of Yahweh, saying, This is what the children of Joseph have spoken.
He who stole his father or his mother, and said, This is not sin. This man is a law of violence.
Therefore we all said, Let us now build for ourselves an altar, not for burnt offerings, nor for sacrifices,
Rescue from Yahweh. Bless your people. Selah.
If you are the King of the Jews, then you shall be saved yourself.
Brothers, before I came to you, I didn't come with a good speech, nor with wisdom, to preach the mystery of God to you.
She hurried, pouring out her pitcher into the boat, and running to the pit to draw water, and giving all her camels drink water.
According to the commandment of Yahweh, as they traveled, so did Moses travel on their journey.
When you walk, you shall not be disappointed. When you flee, you shall not stumble.
I will stretch out my hand, and will strike him with all the wonders that I will do in Egypt; and he will let you go.
The captain of the guard took Seraiah the high priest, and Zephaniah the second priest, and the three doorkeepers;
Another angel came out from the temple, and cried to the one who sat on the cloud, saying, Smite with your sickle, and reap; for the time of harvest has come, and the earth is in its fullness.
At the gate of the city, at the entrance of the gate of the city, and at the entrance of the city, cried out with a loud voice,
In that day, the greatness of the body, the people who bore the ark of the skin, who had been sore afraid from the beginning, and who set out the boundaries of the earth, their rivers were divided, and they would offer the offering to Yahweh of Armies, who went up to Mount Zion, where Yahweh set his name.
They will go out to see the dead bodies of those who rebel against me; for their worm doesn't die, and their fire doesn't go out; and everyone who has flesh will abhor them.
Rejoice in Yahweh, you righteous, And remember his holy name.
Take heed to yourself, and obey his voice, and don't rebel against him: he will not forgive your transgressions; for he is come in my name.
You should speak, saying, It is;' but, It is;' and you say, It is not;' and the rest of the house, it is of the devil.
For thus says Yahweh: There shall be a throne forever for David to sit on the throne of Israel;
But you shall not eat of the tree of your wickedness, the fruit of it; for you shall surely die in the day of your eating.
But I will sing praises to your strength, And I will sing praises to your loving kindness in the morning; For you have been my stronghold, My refuge in the day of trouble.
Let your counsel be multiplied so that you may be weary. Let them arise now, you who are in the heavens, who see the stars, who prophesy in the moons, and deliver you out of your place, from the things that shall come on you.
Micaiah said, I have seen all the children of Israel scattered on the mountains like a sheep without shepherds: thus says Yahweh, They shall return every man to his house in peace.
You shall hang the veil in its place, and put the ark in the veil: this is the veil that separates you from the sanctuary and from the sanctuary.
For the eye is desolate, but it is desolate. The lips draw near, and they do the evil.
Korah gathered the assembly together to the door of the Tent of Meeting, and struck them: and the glory of Yahweh appeared in the assembly.
The seashore shall be a pasture, a pasture, and a fold of flocks.
Joshua the son of Nun was filled with a wise spirit; for Moses had laid his hands on him; and the children of Israel obeyed him, and did according to the commandment of Yahweh, which he commanded Moses.
As God has spoken, I have heard two things, which are God's power.
Therefore turn to your God, and keep love, and justice, and always wait for your God.
Their rock is not like our rock, Neither does it cleave to our enemies.
Judah said to Israel his father, Send you children with me, and we will go out, that we may live with you, and with our little ones, that we may not die.
They brought horses to Solomon out of Egypt, from all places.
David didn't know heaven, but he said, God said to my Lord, Sit at my right hand,
To Timothy, my beloved son, write: Grace, mercy, and peace be to God our Father, and to Christ Jesus our Lord.
I speak to you as to your own children, Be imitators of our state, and enlarge your hearts.
Haven't they taught you, and have spoken to you, saying, Why speak you the words of his heart?
I heard a voice speaking in the temple, and a man standing by me.
Much more waters are not able to destroy love, neither is the flood able to cover him; neither is any man able to change his love toward the fullness of the house, to defy him.
one young bull, one ram, one male lamb a year old, for a burnt offering;
Judge me according to your righteousness, Yahweh my God. Don't let them glory in me.
In their hand were thirty-seven thousand and five hundred chosen men, mighty men of valor, and mighty men of valor, who could help the king against his enemies.
But when Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came into the land, we said, Come, let us draw near to Jerusalem, and escape from the army of the Chaldeans, and from the army of Syria: therefore we dwell in Jerusalem.
I know your affliction and your poverty, and yet you are rich. I know that you have been blasphemed by those who call the Jews, and they are not Jews, but Satan's.
Cursed be he who doesn't keep the words of the law, to do them. All the people shall say, Amen.
When the children of Ammon knew that they were abominable to David, they sent and hired the Syrians, and the Syrians, of the Syrians of Bethrehob, two thousand footmen and the king of Maacah, and ten thousand and two thousand men of Tob.
Son of man, for Tyre has gone to Jerusalem, saying, Ah, the gate of the nations is broken, and it is turned again to me; for it is desolate, and I will make it desolate.
gave his offering: one silver platter, the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering;
Praise Yahweh, Jerusalem! Praise your God, Zion!
Woe to those who are pregnant and to those who nurse infants in those days!
As the sparrows plucked up the cups, And they flew back and forth, And the curses of the ungodliness didn't come to pass.
He who speaks truth commends righteousness. He who falsely testifies shows deceit.
My skin is black, and my skin is skinned. My bones are burned up because of the heat.
For those who seek me shall seek life, and goodness shall be found of Yahweh.
and over the king's treasuries was Azmabet the son of Atiel: and over the field was Jonathan the son of Uzziah, the ruler of the field, and of the city of incense, and of the treasures of the stronghold.
So the people went to Gilgal; and they made Saul king before Yahweh in Gilgal; and they offered there peace offerings before Yahweh. Saul and all Israel rejoiced greatly.
Haven't you turned me like milk, And made me like a colt, like a colt?
For Yahweh hardened their heart against Israel, and fought against them, so that they were utterly destroyed, and had no mercy, so that they were utterly destroyed, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
You say, No, we will ride on a horse,' therefore you will run, and say, We will ride on the swift animal;' therefore you will run very swiftly after you.
Your hand, Yahweh, is lifted up. They don't see it. They will see your zeal for the people, and they will be ashamed. Fire will devour your enemies.
He shall take unleavened bread, unleavened leavened leavened bread, and unleavened bread anointing oil; and he shall make it of fine flour.
As Jonah, who was before, and Imb, and Moses, who were against Moses, these also are also against the truth: their thoughts are corrupted, and they are not tested in faith.
For the ships of Kittim shall come against him, and his heart shall be grieved, and he shall return; and he shall make a full end of the covenant, according to his own will; and he shall return, and conspire with those who forsake it.
You shall die in peace, and shall eat long days, and shall be buried.
They offer the spoil of their war, That they may repair the house of Yahweh.
The jailer called for a lamp to be lit, and went in, trembling and falling down at the feet of Paul and Silas.
The fifth angel sounded, and I saw a star coming down out of the sky, and falling on the earth. There was a star in the star, and it was the time of the star.
It happened in the morning, that David rose up, and the people who were with him, and departed, and went out into the land of the Philistines. The Philistines went to Jezreel.
There appeared a great sign in the sky, and a woman was clothed with the sun, with the sole of her foot, and with the crown of the head of twelve stars.
that you may sit and eat and drink with me in my Kingdom, and sit on the throne, and judge the twelve tribes of Israel.
The vessel that the discharge touches shall be broken, and the vessels of the wood shall be washed with water.
Speak to the people, saying, Your brothers, the sons of Esau, dwell in Seir: pass over their border, and they shall be afraid of you: therefore beware.
I know his disobedience. My sin remains before me.
Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, Behold, I will cause your armies to return, which you have taken away out of the city, and out of the king of Babylon, and out of the army of the Chaldeans who surround you; and all these shall be gathered together in this city.
Hear, Yahweh, my prayer, That my cry may come before you.
So pursue after them in your storm, And make them afraid by your great wind.
When Jesus had said these things, he said to them, Lazarus, our friend, is asleep, and I will come and wake him up.
They shall say, Because they forsook the covenant of Yahweh, the God of their fathers, when he brought them up out of the land of Egypt;
Now therefore don't count him guiltless; for you are a wise man, and know how to deal with him, and cause his blood to go down into Sheol with white hair.
The children of Gad lived opposite Reuben, and lived in the land of Bashan to Salecah.
Jonathan didn't hear that his father had sworn to the people; therefore put forth his rod that was in his hand, and put it in his sack; and his hand was turned around his mouth, and his eyes were turned to gold.
For who am I, that God has given them the gift that we have received from the Lord, that he may hinder the works of God?
For now, because of the loss of sin and of uncircumcised flesh, God has raised you up with Christ. God has forgiven all our sins,
You shall fall by the sword, and I will judge you in the border of Israel; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
Love is humility and loving kindness. Love is without envy, without boasting, without pride,
You shall teach them statutes and ordinances, which they shall walk in. What they shall do.
It happened, when the work of the fathers' houses was ended, that David sent, and brought him into the palace, and she became the wife of David, and bore him a son. But Yahweh was displeased with all the work of David.
The angel said to David, The enemy is stronger than we, and is come out against us in the battle; and we will strike him to the entrance of the gate.
The land also bears its fruit. The beginning of it is the fruit of it. It vomits its fruit after it, and the end of it is the fruit of it.
They accepted him gladly, and got into the boat, and immediately the boat came to the place where they would go.
But I tell you, as it is written, Elijah is come, and they do to him according to their own will.
Hushai said, You know that your father is a mighty man, and he who follows him, and that their heart is strong, as a bear who falls away in the open field; and your father is a man of war, and there shall be no rest with the people.
Your father made our yoke grievous, and your father laid on our burdens, and on the heavy yoke: be you lighter, and we will serve you.
Not only I have made this covenant with you, but also this oath;
Jesus answered them, At evening you say, Because the sky is reddish, so tomorrow is good.'
The children of Israel traveled according to the divisions: thus was their honor:
You shall not deprive yourselves of your spiritual gift, which is given you by the word of the prophet, and by the hand of the elders.
When a man steals, he shall come to the fatness of the land that is in the province, and shall do that which his fathers and their fathers have not done; and he shall make a conspiracy against the salt places, until the time of his harvest, with the spoil and the spoil.
Moses said to them, Wait until you have stood, and I will hear what Yahweh has commanded you.
Jeroboam said to his wife, Arise, and disguise yourself, that men may not know that you are a wife of Jeroboam: and there went to Shiloh, and there was a prophet Ahijah, concerning him, saying, I will be king over this people.
to gather the rich people's food that they have left at the table, and to enroll themselves in the place where they have boiled their feet.
The high priest, Azariah the house of Zadok, answered, From the possession of the people to the possession of the house of Yahweh, and from the abundance of them, we have eaten, for Yahweh has blessed his people, and has remained until many times.
That those who love me may inherit, And fill their treasures with gold.
If I do this, why then does this thing happen which is written?
This will be known to all, Knowledge to all.
Now if it please the king, please search the king's kingdom in Babylon, and see whether the king of Cyrus has come to build the house of God which he built at Jerusalem. Please let the king show us in this matter.
If we say that we aren't guilty, we deceive ourselves, and we have no truth in ourselves.
The sun shall not hurt you at all in the daytime. The moon shall not hurt you at all in the night.
The mountains melt because of him. Yes, the hills melt away. Yes, they lift themselves up before him, The world and those who dwell in it.
Is it that you should be struck again, always rebellious? Your whole head is pained, and your whole heart is worn away.
You shall eat, but it shall not be satisfied; and your vanities shall be within you; and you shall be a serpent, but you shall carry it in peace; and I will deliver all of your substance to the sword.
Yahweh has commanded, saying, The Assyrian, he says, He who is of your own will no more declare; and I will cut off the engraved images and the images of molten images out of the house of your god; and I will prepare a grave for you, because you are grieved.
He called the priests and the Levites, and gathered themselves together on the broad place eastward;
Thus Yahweh commanded Moses, and he numbered him in the wilderness of Sinai.
Let that night's stars be darkened. Let them look for light, and they can't see it, Neither do they see the dawning of the dawning.
It will happen in those days, that the mountain of Yahweh's house will be established on the mountains, and will pass over all the mountains; and all the nations will be in subjection.
Whoever is wise in heart among you, let him be all that Yahweh commands.
Do you open your eyes, as such? Do you lead me to your judgment?
You shall leave it until the fourteenth day of the month: and all the assembly of Israel shall kill lambs all the days of the month:
Yahweh saw that Leah didn't find Jacob's love, and he made him to conceive; but Rachel didn't.
If you do anything against me, and don't listen to me, then I will bring you seven times as much evil as you have done.
We will get all kinds of goods, And fill our houses with the spoil.
For you are children of God, and God has sent the Spirit of his Son into your heart, that you may cry out, Father, Father.
You are wild donkeys, and widows in the wilderness; and you have lifted up your heart, and have taken hold of them: for who can hinder them when they flee? He who seeks them shall not labor; and he shall find them in that month.
One said to him, Your mother and your brothers stand outside, that they may see you.
A servant who does wisely will receive the king's favor; but the unfaithful will be angry.
and the fathers of the circumcised, because they were not circumcised, neither were they under the flesh, nor were they under the flesh of Abraham, our father, before they were circumcised.
His servants rebelled against him, and killed him in the king's house.
All day long my adversaries blaspheme me. As for me, they cursed me.
Because of the wrath of your law, Because you lifted me up, And threw me down.
Nevertheless the blood shall not be eaten; it shall be poured out on the earth as water.
Believe in me in the Father, and the Father in me. If not, believe also in my works.
He who sent me is with me. He doesn't leave me alone, because I do his pleasure.
You shall observe that which I command you this day: and behold, I will drive out from before you the Amorites, and the Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Perizzites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites.
Those who love my father and mother, who love me, who don't regard themselves as my disciples, who love children above those who love me, and don't regard them as my disciples.
Let us build a house on the wall, and put there a bed, and a table, and a lampstand, that we may come to him, and lodge in it.
The sons of the prophets who were in Bethel came out to Elisha, and said to him, Do you know that Yahweh will take away your master from you today? He said, Yes, I know it, and you will not speak.
If you vowed a vow without a vow, It would be better for you not to vow.
David said to Abishai, the brother of Joab the son of Zeruiah, Ahimelech the Hittite, who will go down with me to the camp to Saul? He said, I will go down with you.
But I do that which is for my name's sake, that my name not be blasphemed before the eyes of the nations, even those who have seen the nations that I brought forth out of Egypt.
Do you listen to him? Do you plead a cause for God?
Beloved, don't let anyone deceive you.
That which is of the flesh dies, That which is of the Spirit is life and peace.
In that day Yahweh magnified Joshua in the sight of all Israel; and the people feared him all his days, as before they feared Moses.
In you there is a slanderer, and he who sheds blood; and in you there is a sacrifice on the mountains, and prostitution is among you.
It happened, as they came near to Jebus, that the day was near to go down to the mountain, and the servants said to the master, Come, and let us turn aside into this city which the Jebusites are: and we will lodge there all night.
It will happen, when she is rich and full of riches, That all the afflicted will come forth and strike her with their hands.
From there he went and struck the inhabitants of Debir. The name of Debir before was Kiriath Sephur.
He said to me, Write you now, and be invited to the marriage feast. Blessed are you. He said to me, Surely this is the word of God.
Let us do this to them. Let them live, lest we fall on us for the wrath which we swore to them.
He went and hired one of the men of the land, who sent him into the field, into the field, and he fed the herd of pigs.
Others ridiculed them, saying, They drink new wine, and they drink it.
I said to him, You shall dwell with me many days, and you shall not commit adultery, neither shall you go after others; so will I do to you.
Therefore he must be with his brothers in every way, that he may be a high priest of righteousness and truth to the sins of all men, and that they may be forgiven.
There is none who opposes his brother, Neither can he redeem his life with money.
When the morning had come, they called the disciples, and chose twelve men from among them, and called them apostles,
When a man sees a false vision for you, and practices lies, and puts you under the neck of an evil man, their iniquity is deceitful, and their days are come.
The two hundred men whom Absalom had invited, and those who went with him out of Jerusalem, didn't know that.
But the king of Assyria didn't so desire, neither was his heart struck; but his heart was desolate, and he sought to destroy many nations.
The fruit of the house is left to the fathers, But the wife of the wise is Yahweh's.
Now, Israel, what would you, Yahweh your God? Didn't you love Yahweh your God, to walk in all his ways, to love him, and to love him, and to walk in his heart, and to serve Yahweh your God?
If he offers a lamb for a sin offering, then he shall bring a lamb without blemish.
The man said, All these commands I have learned from my youth, that I should keep them.
It will happen, when the end of those nations comes, that the iniquity of man shall be ended, and one king shall be raised up, and his face shall be evil, and his words shall be deceitful.
They brought the harps, and the harps, and the trumpets, and the trumpets, to Jerusalem, to the house of Yahweh.
Therefore, brothers, if I only speak in another language, and don't preach the revelation, the knowledge, the teaching, or the word, what profit is there to you?
Is there evil in your wealth, or in all your strength, that you shall not be afflicted?
All the people of the city were gathered together after them: and they pursued after Joshua, and were drawn away from their cities.
Jacob went to Succoth, and built himself a house there, and made booths for the livestock: therefore he called the place Succoth.
and said to them, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, who sent me before him to offer your request,
They said one to another, We have indeed sinned from our brother, who cried to us, and we have seen his affliction in our hearts, and refused to listen to him. Therefore this trouble will come on us.
It happened in the Jubilee, when the children of Israel were come, that their inheritance increased in the tribe of their inheritance which they were to possess; and their inheritance went over from the tribe of our fathers.
You shall give to the cities of the Levites forty-eight; cities with suburbs shall be given to them.
The word of Yahweh came to Jeremiah, saying,
Neither in the seas, but you say, Who has brought us over the sea to us, that we may listen to it, and do it?'
He who keeps the days is for the Lord, and everyone eats for the Lord; for he gives thanks to God. He who doesn't eat is for the Lord, and he doesn't eat. He gives thanks for God.
If a man talks with you, he won't be weary of you. But who can't keep his covenant?
and the body of Jezebel shall be as dung on the ground in the garden of Jezreel, so that no man shall say it.
He who touches him shall strike him with iron, and with spears; and he shall burn him in his place with fire.
My son, keep your wisdom and your counsel. Don't let them go from your eyes.
He is afflicted and grieved. He is not his free will.
I am the least of all the saints, that the Good News of Christ may be preached to the Gentiles.
Praise my mouth, Yahweh, for the joy of my mouth. Teach me your statutes.
Now I give a decree, that the peoples who are under my dominion, let them tremble before the God of Daniel; for he is the living God, who remains, and his kingdom shall not perish forever: his dominion shall not be strong.
He brought him to eat, and he caught him, and said to him, Come with me, my sister.
When she is made to drink the water, and she is unclean to sin against her husband, then the water of the curse shall enter into her, and she shall be bitter; and her body shall be refreshed, and the thigh shall fall, and the woman shall be accursed among her people.
Behold, we have seven brothers. The elder took the wife, and died, having no son, and released her to her brother.
It happened in the next year, that Nebuchadnezzar sent to Babylon, to bring him and the treasures of the house of Yahweh, and made Zedekiah his uncle king over Judah and over Jerusalem.
Before the work of the heart of Yahweh is done, you shall in no way turn away his anger; but you shall in no way understand it.
Most assuredly I tell you, you will also keep him in heaven, what you have withheld on the earth, and whoever you have granted on the earth will be granted in heaven.
Let Aaron's house say, His loving kindness endures forever.
Moses said to the judges of Israel, Kill you him who is joined to Baal Peor, all you men.
To Aholiah the son of Ashzabad, of the tribe of Dan, was given understanding, and understanding, and able to teach.
Therefore he ought to sacrifice for himself, as he sacrificed for the sins of the people.
Why do the knees of my mother receive me? Why do I suck milk?
Before my prayer came to an end, I commanded to fly quickly, and to touch me about the evening meal offering, the man Gabriel, whom I saw in a vision.
Be like brothers who love one another.
They shall not sacrifice any more any more deceit which they have played after their prostitution: it shall be a statute forever throughout their generations.
Who can make the unclean out of uncleanness? There is none.
When he had said this, you couldn't see my face again, and it was very hard for them, and they sent him into the boat.
His division, and those who were numbered of them, were seventy-four thousand six hundred.
He said to me, Have you seen, son of man, what they have done? Is it a very abominable thing that I have been far from my sanctuary, which the children of Israel have done here: but behold, there is yet a greater abomination.
He who has not heard from of old, and has not been blind, will see any more, when he is born.
Moses said, You have offered yourselves to Yahweh, and have blessed you this day every man against his son, and against his brothers.
The watchman answered, The morning is at hand, and the night is at hand; and if you ask, ask; look again, look again.
He who chases the day by day, For his loving kindness endures forever.
It will happen in that day, says Yahweh, that there will be a mourning in the gate, a cry from the other place, and a great shout from the mountains.
I will make rivers in the bare mountain, And springs in the valleys; And I will make the desert a spring, And the dry land a spring.
I will declare the works of Yahweh. I will remember the signs of his former days.
Know therefore, and number it, and see what you will do; for it is determined that our master and all his house may be harmed: and there is none to speak with him in his holy spirit.
So Jehu the son of Jehoshaphat, the son of Nimshi, rebelled against Joram: and Jehoram and all Israel took Ramoth Gilead, because of Hazael king of Syria;
For all the ways of man are before Yahweh's eyes. He takes all the ways of man.
But they didn't depart from the sins of the house of Jeroboam, with which they made Israel to sin; but the Asherah of Samaria remained.
Jeremiah sent him from Topheth, where Yahweh had sent him to preach the commandment, and returned, and stood in the court of the house of Yahweh, and spoke to all the people, saying,
The children of Benjamin did so; and they took of the captives of the daughters of their daughters, according to their number; and they returned to their land, and built them cities, and lived therein.
On the fourth day ten bulls, two rams, fourteen male lambs a year old without blemish;
He said to them, Stay here night; as Yahweh commanded me, I will bless you. The princes of Moab lodged in Paran.
You shall not oppress the poor and needy who labor in your land, neither your brother, nor your stranger, who dwells in your land, who is within your gates.
But Jesus turned, and saw his disciples, and rebuked Peter, saying, Get out! This is God's, not what you think, but man's.
But we will armed ourselves, and go before the children of Israel, until we bring them to their place; for the inhabitants of the land shall dwell in fortified cities only our little ones.
Judah said to his brothers, What profit is it that we have killed our brother, and hid his blood?
The east side shall come to the Jordan: this is the inheritance of the children of Benjamin according to their families round about their border.
For thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: In this place shall men buy houses, fields, and vineyards.
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, everyone who entered into the service for the service of the service of the service in the Tent of Meeting,
God sent out his only Son to the world, that we might live by him, so that God revealed his love among us.
He who breaks in pieces horses and horsemen with you; He who breaks in pieces chariots and sat on them;
He shall burn the garment of the plague, or the warp, or the woof, either the wool or the skin, or the skin; for it is a destructive mildew, it shall be burned in the midst of the fire.
He saw also that he had wrapped his head, and didn't lay it up with the linen cloth, but rather he laid it up.
When John saw that many Pharisees and Sadducees were coming to him to be baptized, he said to them, You vipers, who warned you to escape the wrath of God?
Jesus therefore said to his disciples, The hour is coming, and you don't want to see the Son of Man on that day.
He opened his eyes on the Sabbath day, and it was the day that he opened it.
Judge my cause, Yahweh. Judge my cause.
If a man lies with his wife, her father-in-law, and she reproaches her father-in-law, they shall bear their iniquity, and shall have no sons all the days of their life.
These women were continually grieved with the sorrows of Isaac and Rebekah.
As for you, my lord, Yahweh, because you have sinned, and have given your hand to your own enemies, as Yahweh lives, and as your soul lives, saying, Let your enemies and your counselors do to my lord, even as Nabal.
For you are the God of my strength. Why have you forsaken me? Why should I go and walk for the adversary's hand, and for the sorrow of my adversary?
Now the rest of the acts of Ahab, and all that he did, and the houses that he built, and all the cities that he built, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
They brought him to him. When the man saw him, he immediately freed him, and struck him down to the ground, and brought him down again.
Truth comes down from the earth. Righteousness comes down from the sky.
He brings the swarms of flies among them, And causes the frogs to fall on them.
There were four lepers in the gate; and they said one to another, Why sit we down here, until we die?
He said, Come! He went down from the ship, and came to Jesus.
God has made us this change, and he has given us the Holy Spirit.
You shall not give to a woman all your strength; neither shall you destroy any of your doings.
Look at me in my affliction, Yahweh. My heart is troubled. My heart is troubled within me, for I am very rebellious. Outside, the sword is put to death. In the house is death.
Yahweh my God, I will praise you with all my heart. I will glorify your name forever.
The burden that Isaiah the son of Amoz saw concerning Babylon.
that I not stripped him of his light, and made him as the day of his birth, as a wilderness, and as a dry land, that he should die by his mouth.
But Peter denied it before all the people, and said, I don't know what you are saying.
The ten nations shall dwell in Ashdod; and I will destroy the pride of the Philistines.
The first angel went, and poured him down on the earth, and those who had the mark of the beast, and those who had worshiped him, gave birth to the heaps and to the heaps.
He has brought my hand about to war, That my arm may open the bow of brass.
He shall bring the bull to the door of the Tent of Meeting, and lay his hand on the head of the bull before Yahweh, and kill the bull before Yahweh.
I will sing for my beloved, A song of my beloved, Of the vineyards of it. I have vineyards of my love, Of the fruitful hills of it.
He took out of the city seven men of the captains of the forces who were in the city, and seven men of the king's face, and the scribes of the army, and those who numbered the people, and sixty men of the people who were found in the city.
if you offer an offering made by fire to Yahweh from the herd or from the flock, a burnt offering, or a sacrifice made by hand, for a vow, or for a sacrifice of peace offerings, or for a feast, an offering made by sweet savor to Yahweh;
Abraham was circumcised that day with his son Ishmael.
David came to him, and fed his father's sheep in Bethlehem, where he was in Saul.
Now if you will obey my voice, and keep my covenant, then you shall be my precious treasure among the nations; for all the earth is mine.
neither have we listened to the voice of Yahweh our God, to do that which he committed to his servants the prophets whom he set before us.
Let their mouth magnify Yahweh. Let them take hold of the sword that is in their faces with their hands.
Don't touch my anointed, Neither deal wickedly with my prophets.
As one who kisses a man with his mouth, So is he who answers with prudence.
Blessed be Yahweh, the great and the great, In the city of our God, In his holy mountain!
The famine was great in Samaria, and they besieged the city, so that the first donkey was eighty shekels of silver, and the fourth shekel of silver, one hundred fifty shekels of silver.
So I will sing praises to your name forever. I will pay my vows daily.
In that day there will come forth living water out of Jerusalem, half of it, and half of it, and half of it, and half of it, and half of it, and half of it, and half of it, and half of it, and half of it, and half of it, and half of it, and half of it, and half of it, and half of it, and half of it, and half of it, and half of it, and half of it, and half of it, and half of it, and half of it, and half of it, and half of it
If they are a foreigner to any of the tribes of Israel, then their inheritance shall pass over from the inheritance of our fathers, and shall be multiplied in the inheritance of the tribe of their possession; so shall it be carried over by lot from us.
A fool's son is a plague of his father. A wife's fodder is like a rushing of the rain.
Out of the camp of the Philistines came forth a man named Goliath, who was a Gathite, and who had a six cubits higher than any of them;
I turned, and looked, and behold, all the beryl that was under the sun, and behold, the bereavement was fallen, and there was none to comfort; for they were not comforted, because they oppressed their might.
On the third day Esther was arrayed with the royal robe, and stood in the inner court of the king's house over against the king's house: and the king was sitting over against the king's house in the king's house.
He took Agag king of Amalek alive, and killed all his people with the edge of the sword.
They made unleavened cakes out of Egypt unleavened, because they were compelled to go forth out of Egypt, so that they could not endure, neither prepared anything for themselves.
So David prevailed against the Philistines with a line and with a stone, and struck him; but the hand of David was not sharp.
Therefore I tell you, whatever prayer you make, believe that it has been done, and it will be done.
Take my money, and don't give me bread to eat, and take my money, and don't give me water to drink, until I have allowed myself to pass by.
The king Jehoiakim sent to Egypt, to Elnathan the son of Achbor, and to certain men, to Egypt.
So Naomi returned, and came with Ruth the Moabitess, her daughter, her daughter, from the land of Moab: and when they came to Bethlehem, they began to reap barley.
Come and contend with me. See how I came to pass, and now you have heard that I am still at hand.
Take heed that you don't show yourself good in your sight, but that you don't receive the reward of the Father.
Jacob did so. Laban gave Rachel his daughter as wife seven days in the division of Leah.
Lord, give ear to the prayer of your servant, and to the prayer of your servants who love to fear your name, and make your servant prosperous this day, and find favor in the sight of this man. Then I was king's cupbearer.
It happened on the next day, that Jesus went into Galilee to meet Philip, and he said to him, Follow me.
Jehoshaphat slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David his father: and Joram his son reigned in his place.
You will receive the testimony that you need, that you will be able to testify in Christ through me. He will not be feeble in the sight of you, but will be able to show himself mighty in the midst of you.
Abimelech fought against the city all day long, and took the city, and killed the inhabitants of it, and broke down the city, and salted it with salt.
It shall be on Aaron's forehead, that Aaron may bear the iniquity of the children of Israel in all the holy offering: and it shall be continually on his forehead, that they may be accepted before Yahweh.
They took all their wares, and all their goods, and all their little ones, and the women, and all the goods that were in every house.
I tell you, God will hurry to build them up. But when the Son of Man comes, will he see this in the sight of the world?
They girded sackcloth on their waists in the streets, and wept every man over his place where the breadth of the house was, and wept with tears.
I don't see him on the left. I don't see him on the right hand. I don't see him on the left.
Therefore the father of it shall kill a son among you, and the son of it shall kill his father; and I will judge you in the midst of you; and all the remnant of your people will I scatter throughout all your generations.
The Son of Man will be ashamed of him who reproaches me and my words, When the Son of Man comes on himself, on his Father, and on the Holy One of angels.
Blessed are the kingdoms of Yahweh. Blessed are the chosen to be his inheritance.
The pomegranates that are in the field, The grapes that are left over from the wicked.
But concerning the resurrection of the dead, you have not read the words which God spoke to you, saying,
For this cause all the wealth of the Moabites, and all that they gather together, shall pass over the brook of the handbreadths.
The rest of the people offered twenty-two thousand darics of gold, and twenty-two thousand minas of silver, and sixty-seven measures of priests' garments.
We will take ten men of all the tribes of Israel, one thousand one hundred, and ten thousand, and measure the people to Gibeah of Benjamin, that we may deal with them, as they have done in Israel.
There were also in Moab and in the children of Ammon, in Edom, and in all the nations of Judah, when they heard that the remnant of the remnant of the king of Babylon left them, and that Gedaliah the son of Ahikam, the son of Shaphan, had made them governor.
I tell you that if there were two of you who were in the earth praying with one accord, my Father would have kept them holy.
In the twenty-ninth year of king Artaxerxes, in the ninth month, there was wine before the king; and I kept the king's wine: and I didn't have sorrow before the king.
The understanding of the arrogant will drive him out of me. I have cut him off from all that is evil.
You shall not uncover the nakedness of your father's body: he is the close relative of your father.
A voice came, saying, Take up the heights, and lift up the heights, and prepare the way, and cut off the paths of my people.
When he had eaten, he was strong. He stayed many days with his disciples.
Absalom urged him, and he allowed Amnon and all the king's sons to go with him.
Abimelech went to Thebez, and encamped in Thebez, and took it.
The skillfully woven band that was on it, and the like work of the ephod, with which it was girded, and the like work of the ephod, with gold, and blue, purple, scarlet, and fine twined linen, did it, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
All the saints greet you.
As for you who have served Yahweh, what have you to do this day to choose out which of the gods which you shall serve, and to do to the gods of the Amorites who dwell in their land, which are beyond the River? As for me and my house, we will surely serve Yahweh.
When a man saw it, he said to Joab, I saw Absalom on the oak.
For I speak to the Gentiles, because I am an apostle of the Gentiles, and I am very openly proclaimed in this way from my mouth to my mouth.
Then all the army of the king of Babylon was besieging Jerusalem; and Jeremiah the prophet was shut up in the court of the guard in the house of the king of Judah.
For many of Ephraim, Manasseh, Issachar, and Zebulun were unclean to themselves, but they ate the Passover, and didn't understand the law.
It happened, when she conceived, and bore, that she awakened, and cried out in her pain. So we are before you, Yahweh.
The Son of Man will come with his angels in the glory of his Father, and he will render to them either a reward, or a punishment, according to the work of every man.
Abimelech pursued after him, and fled before him; and many fell one on another to the entrance of the gate of the city.
They came near to the house of Micah, and behold, the voice of the young man the Levites came in, and said to him, Who brought you here? What have you done here? What have you found there?
David said, Will the men of Keilah deliver me up with the people who follow me into the hand of Saul? Yahweh said, They will deliver you up to him.
Jethro rejoiced greatly, because Yahweh had dealt with all the good of the children of Israel, and had delivered them out of the hand of the Egyptians.
Therefore I will give their wives to another, and their fields to another, and to inherit them: for they have done falsely from the least of them even to the greatest of them, from the prophet even to the priest.
Thomas answered, Oh, my lord, my God!
It happened, when the time had come, that it was declared through the word of faith, that it might be revealed, and I was angry, and commanded by God our Savior to prophesy of the Good News.
Then I washed you with water, and washed your body's blood, and anointed you with oil.
The sluggard says, A lion is outside, But if I go into the street, I will kill him.
It happened, while his servants besiege the city, that Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came.
In the second year of Joash the son of Jehoahaz king of Israel began Amaziah the son of Joash king of Judah to reign.
They make the land desolate, and the land desolate, and cry to me. The whole land is laid waste, because there is no man who delights in it.
and the finely worked garments, and the holy garments of Aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons, to minister in the priest's office;
When they had eaten from the grain that was brought back from Egypt, their father said to them, Go again, buy us a little bread.
Yahweh do so to my soul, and to deliver me out of all my troubles, since I have watched your soul this day.
Now therefore see me, I am; there is no God besides me; I have made man dead, and I have made man alive: I have injured him, and I have healed him; there shall not one deliver him out of my hand.
It shall not be in that time, says Yahweh, that I will utterly destroy you.
Hear me, you islands. Listen, you peoples, from afar. Yahweh called me from the womb. He called my name from my mother's womb.
Therefore I returned to my own heart, And made a great snare for my labor under the sun.
In the thirty-eighth year of Asa king of Judah began Ahab the son of Omri to reign over Israel: and Ahab the son of Omri reigned twenty-two years in Samaria over Israel.
Through you have we struck down our enemies. Through your name we have trodden down those who fight against us.
The thing was fulfilled which he spoke through Jeremiah the prophet, saying, They took the thirty pieces of silver, which the children of Israel exacted for him.
He said, Edom shall become an astonishment, and everyone who passes by shall marvel; for all his calamity shall be mocked at him.
Now thanks be to God, who, though you had been a bondservant of sin, has obeyed all your heart and your soul, that you should be teachers of the law.
Six years shall you till your fields, and six years shall you gather up your vineyards, and gather the fruit of the ground.
As they were still being cut off for this, behold, two men stood by them in the ram's clothing.
He sent Hadoram his son to king David, and greeted him, and blessed him; for he had fought with Hadarezer, and prevailed against him (for Hadarezer and Tou had war wars in their own place); and Hadoram brought with him gold, silver, and brass.
We said to my lord, The child shall not depart from his father, unless he is removed from his father, and his father shall surely die.'
Don't turn my heart to evil, So that I don't go in to the workers of iniquity, And don't give me to eat their dainties.
But be partakers of one another's learning, that you may do this in Christ's faithfulness.
Say you to wisdom, You are my sister. Make understanding your kinsman.
Simon Peter got up on the ship, and took away the net, and filled the fish with the great fish, one hundred fifty-three tails; and the fish, though they were many, didn't break in pieces.
For thus says Ben Hadad, Your silver and your gold are mine, and your wives, and your sons and your daughters, and my choice.
For we have no one to live by ourselves, and no one to die for himself alone.
These vessels came out by Cyrus king of Persia, and they were given to Sheshbazzar, prince of Judah, out of the chamber of Michledad, king of Cyrus.
You shall break down their altars, and dash in pieces their pillars, and burn their Asherah with fire, and cut down the engraved images of their gods; and you shall cut off their name out of that place.
There were six steps to the throne, and a golden footstool and a throne like one: and on the one hand was a handbreadth, and on the other hand two lions stood.
Has the Lord struck Israel like those who struck him? Has he been slain like those who killed him?
You, God, will bring them into the pit of destruction. The slain and the treacherous shall not live in the midst of the midst of it. As for me, I will trust in you.
He struck with the edge of the sword the cities of the priests, the women of Nob, and the little ones, and the infants, and the infants, and the oxen, and the donkeys, and the sheep, with the edge of the sword.
and say, Behold, the camels are taken away; and hide your nose, and abhor him, says Yahweh of Armies; and bring the spoil, and the lame, and the sick, and the sick, that I may accept from your hand? says Yahweh.
Jeremiah said to them, Thus shall you tell Zedekiah,
He has chosen our inheritance for us, the glory of Jacob his beloved. Selah.
I remember your faithfulness, which your mother, Reubenice, and your mother, Junielles, were of old, and I have confidence in you, as it is now.
Say you to them, This is not the word of Yahweh their God, neither is it taught: truth is gone away, and it is broken from their mouth.
Wisdom dwells securely in the hearts of the discerning, But the inward parts of the fools are revealed.
You shall lay your hand on his head, and kill him before the tent of meeting: and Aaron's sons shall sprinkle the blood on the altar round about.
The second, and the third, took the brother.
Hide me from the desire of the wicked, From the confusion of the unrighteous.
Who has committed the land to him? Who has set the whole world in order?
Let him live long. They will give him the gold of Sheba. They will always pray for her, and will praise her all the day.
Who is the King of glory, Yahweh of Armies, the King of glory? Selah.
You have despised my holy things. You have profaned my Sabbath.
But now you say, Go, tell your lord, Elijah is here.' He will surely kill me.
Immediately the commanding officer came with the soldiers and the captains of the army to the people. When they saw that the captains and the soldiers stood still, and didn't strike Paul any more.
You shall keep these poles in the rings of the ark; you shall not remove them.
In that day, because they turned aside to all the evil that other gods had done, therefore will I hide my face.
Herod was sitting on the throne in the king's seat in the day of the covenant, and spoke to the people.
In the seventh month, in the first day of the month, Ezra the priest brought the book of the law before the council, which is you, and before all who hear it, southward.
But Moses went in to him in the presence of Yahweh, and spoke to him, and he took his veil, and came out until he came. When he came out, he told to the children of Israel the words which Yahweh had commanded him.
Your servant loved the stones of Zion, And spared the dust of it.
A fool's displease will immediately be revealed, But a prudent man will secretly hide his shame.
I have obeyed your precepts in my heart. I delight in all these words.
You returned, and wept before Yahweh: but Yahweh didn't listen to your voice, nor inclined his ear toward you.
how much more, when Christ is a God without blemish through the Spirit, who didn't give his own blemish, and his blood no more to cleanse us from the works of death, to serve the living God?
When he had made an end, he took the garment off of him, and wrapped it in his own clothing, and brought it out to crucify him.
Behold, there shall be a king according to righteousness, and princes according to justice.
I turned, and considered who I should look at, and who I should speak. I wondered at the seven golden lampstands.
Because they have forsaken me, and have burned incense on other gods, and have provoked me to anger with the work of their hands; therefore my wrath is poured down on this place.
For he will deliver you from the snares of the birds, From the plagues of the birds.
but let his root leave it on the earth, and bind him with the iron and with the brass rings, and let him be wet with the dew of the sky in the fruitful field, and let him be wet with the dew of the sky, and let him be left with the animals of the earth in the pastures of the earth.
We are beaten, we are shut up, and are in prison. We are in trouble with the nations. We have labored, we have not slept, neither eaten.
Thus shall Babylon fall to the slaughter of Israel; and all her slain shall fall to Babylon.
Rehoboam went to Shechem; for all Israel came to Shechem to make him king.
Is the flesh uncircumcised, and the flesh uncircumcised? For you have a book of the law, and circumcised, but not after the law.
He said this because he saw his glory, that he had something to say about him.
He brought them into the holy border, into the right mountain which he had gotten with his right hand.
He made the boards of the tent, twenty boards on the south.
They plot evil in their heart. They always gather themselves together to fight.
For the king's word has authority. Who can say to him, What have you done?
They said to him, Teacher, will you come near to the Jews to stone you?
Your enemies roar in the roaring of your house. They set up their banners.
I consider in my sleep, And my sleep is glad.
A good report comes from afar, Like a man who drinks with the water of his thirst.
We know that if God doesn't listen to the prayer of sinners, but God listens to the prayer of God, to do his will.
But he was carried away captive. His little ones were dashed in the head of the streets. They cast lots for his honorers, and all his mighty ones were bound in fetters.
The taskmasters of the people went out, and their officers, and said to the people, Thus says Pharaoh, I have gathered no more of the wheat.
It happened after Jephthah, that Ibzan the Bethlehemite judged Israel.
So Yahweh sent an angel into the camp of the king of Assyria, and destroyed all the mighty men of valor, and all the captains of the army: and the king of Assyria covered himself with shame, and went to his own land, into the house of his god; and his sons killed him there with the edge of the sword.
In the first year of Darius king of Media, I stood up, and strengthened him.
He shall dwell in that city until the death of the high priest who stood before the congregation, and he shall return and return to his city, and to his people, whom he fled from there.
You shall not increase, nor diminish, any of your words which I command you, that you may keep the commandments of Yahweh your God, which I command you.
I will bless him, and I will give you a son: and I will bless him, and he shall be the mother of the nations; and the king of the nations shall come forth from him.
Let your cities be in the dust of our feet, and we will be desolate: but know that the Kingdom of God is at hand.
When you see it, your heart rejoices. Your bones will be watered as the tender grass. The hand of Yahweh will be revealed to his servants. He will also be angry with his enemies.
I will make you a desolation and a reproach among all the nations that are round about you, that those who pass by may see it with their eyes.
one golden ladle of ten shekels, full of incense;
But the high places were not taken away: the people still sacrificed and burnt incense in the high places.
Therefore it happened, when the God of Abraham had spoken against the house of Jacob, that he said, Jacob shall not be disappointed any more, neither shall his face be changed.
It happened, when we rose up and were ashamed, that we went over to do no such thing: but if any man boasts, it is a fool who speaks, and I do.
Samuel took one of the milk lambs, and burnt the whole rams for a burnt offering to Yahweh: and Samuel cried to Yahweh for the children of Israel, and Yahweh answered him.
and the weight of gold for every workmanship of gold, and the weight of silver for every workmanship of silver,
I will set my face against you forever, and I will give you to me with righteousness, and with justice, and with loving kindness, and with mercy;
Ephraim has surrounded me with deceit. The house of Israel has surrounded me with deceit. Judah has the dominion of God, and a faithful heart toward the Holy One.
Her young men shall fall in the street; and in that day all her men shall perish, says Yahweh of Armies.
For we know that all the creation is weary and groaning, as the pain of the body is in the flesh.
Have mercy on me, Yahweh, for I am famished. Be merciful to me, Yahweh, for my bones tremble.
Gilead isn't sinning? They are deceitful. They offer the calves for a sacrifice in Gilgal. Their altars are like the clefts of the field.
Peter said to him, Your money is cut off, and you are undone; for you think that the gift of God will come with money.
It was in the heart of David my father to build a house for the name of Yahweh, the God of Israel.
Make you water, and be besiege: strengthen your stronghold, and tread on the ground, and repair the bricks.
Called Lot, and said, Where is the man who is here to you, that he should come out, and that he should do as we desire.
He said to him, Tell us, By what authority do you do these things? Who gave you this authority?
I have confidence that the living will not perish from the goodness of Yahweh.
It became a sin; for the people went to Dan, and worshiped before it.
All the gates of the side chambers were toward the residue; one gate toward the north, and another gate toward the south; and the residue of the land round about was five cubits.
The king of Assyria carried the children of Israel captive to Assyria, and put them in the cities of Halah and Harbor, which are by the river Gozan, and of the Medes.
As often as I remember you, I thank my God.
I have put my words in your mouth. I have covered you with the shadow of my hand. I have dug a land. I have said to Zion, You are my people.
You shall put on all of these, and shall not dwell in the household.
and he took honey, and went, and went astray, and came to his father and his mother; and he took honey, and gave them, and they ate; but he didn't tell his father and his mother, that the honey was brought out of the body of the lion.
You know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, how poor you are, that you may be rich to his poverty.
Jesus went out by the way, and a certain man ran and kneeled down before him, and said to him, Good teacher, what shall I do for eternal life?
The young men who spoke to him said, I am sore troubled that I came to Mount Gilboa, and behold, Saul was in his spear; and chariots and horsemen pursued after him.
The drought and the burning of water consume the water, So is Sheol to those who sin.
Bel went down, and Nebo fell on his face; and their idols fell on the animal and on the animal: and now are you burdensome, and are become a weary animal.
Joseph said to them, What have you done? Don't you know, even as I do?
He who carries the best of the flock shall put the wood in the caldron, and make the caldron a bulwark, and put it in its midst.
Yahweh God said to the woman, Surely I will multiply your affliction with a great slaughter, and you shall bring forth your sons in bitterness; and you shall set your husband in order, and he shall rule over you.
They shall build houses, and dwell in them; They shall plant vineyards, and eat their fruit.
Moses and Yahweh were there forty days and forty nights; they didn't eat bread nor drink water: and he wrote on two tables the words of this covenant.
Yahweh said to me in the day that you stood before Yahweh your God, in Horeb, saying, You shall call me a people, and I will cause them to hear my words, that they may live in the day of the world, and learn to fear me, and to teach their children.
For God judges righteously, And he recompenses those who afflict you,
You know that they are against me, Yahweh. Don't forgive their iniquity, neither blot out their iniquity from before you. Destroy them before you. When you are angry, punish them.
Then his voice shook the earth, but now he says, Not only that, but I will also shake the earth, and the heavens will be shaken.
Seeing that you don't walk in your own ways, you don't boast in what you do.
Who shall he teach with wisdom? Who shall understand that which he preaches? Is that how he is weaned, and when he departs from his breasts?
and Nineveh, and the Levites who are in Calah; the city of Levi.
But this is what my lord the king has done, and hasn't said to your servant, Who shall sit on his throne in the room of my lord the king?
Therefore let him who speaks in another language ask what is good.
As he came near, a blind man sat by the road, and begged him.
Thus says Yahweh to this people, They love violence, they don't embrace their feet: therefore Yahweh will not accept them. Now I will remember their iniquity, and punish them for their sins.
Now when the chief priests and the scribes saw the wonders which Jesus had done, they saw the children crying in the temple, Hosanna! The children of David were very angry,
Sarah, my master's wife, was old and bore a son to my master, and all that my master had gave to this son.
In the midst of the nations he spoke of his glory, In the midst of the peoples he spoke of his wondrous works.
Wisdom is before the eyes of a man of understanding. The eyes of fools are on the ends of the earth.
In the days of Ahasuerus (the same Ahasuerus reigned one hundred twenty-seven provinces, from the beginning even to the end of Ethiopia),
that the word of my servant may be fulfilled, and the counsel of my messengers shall be performed; and as for Jerusalem, I said, There is a man of Tikkah; and as for the city of Judah, I said, There shall be built up; and the waste place I will raise up.
Joshua did circumcise them, because of the people who came forth out of Egypt; and all the men who could fight, who went forth out of Egypt by the way, died in the wilderness.
Be strong in your hands. Be strong, for Saul your master is dead, and the house of Judah has anointed me king over them.
The mouth of the righteous is a fountain of life. The mouth of the wicked is covered with violence.
These are those who were sent, the Pharisees.
For all the children of God are better than the world, and our faith is greater than the world.
Outside of the city was a certain priest, who took a calf, and took it, and brought it to the gate of the city, to sacrifice to them with all the people.
When his disciples, James and John, saw it, they said, Lord, do you want us to send a fire down from heaven to destroy them?
He shall keep them always on the pure lampstand before Yahweh.
Shall the lord of the servant give account of his lord's service?
Jesus was faithful in his consecration, as Moses was faithful in the house of God.
Philip began to preach him through the Scriptures.
How can you speak good, you serpents, who are evil-doers? For what is a man's heart full of, And what is a man's mouth able to speak?
English
For we will die always having Jesus dead, that our life also may be revealed in us.
Yahweh, who is able to sojourn in your tent? Who is able to dwell in your holy mountain?
When I was with you, I was very weak, and I was afraid, and trembling.
Saul and his men went to him; and they told David, and he went down to the rock, and lived in the wilderness of Maon. When Saul heard it, he pursued after David in the wilderness of Maon.
The assembly lifted up their voice, and cried with a loud voice, and wept that night.
Yahweh, what is man, that you know him! What is the son of man, that you remember him?
When he was come, he came to him immediately, and called to himself Teacher, and kissed him straight away.
Then Yahweh began to divide the kingdom from Israel, and made it more small. Hazael fought against Israel round about,
For the riches are in vain, but the man who bears a son will have nothing in his hand.
It happened in the days of harvest, that three hundred princes went down to Adullam to David; and the army of the Philistines encamped in the valley of Rephaim.
Yahweh is with me. I will not be afraid. What will man do to me?
Another angel of the angel of fire came out from the altar, and cried out from the sickle that is in the midst of her, saying, With the sickle that is in your body you have gone to gather the cluster of grapes out of the earth, for the vine is ripe.
Depart from his way, and the wicked shall change his mind, And he will have mercy on Yahweh, And will turn to our God, For he will go on his way.
They traveled from Pihahiroth, and passed through the sea into the wilderness: and they traveled three days in the wilderness of Ithon, and encamped in Marah.
For I tell you, there is none who can eat of my table before that.'
He said to them, The prince of the Gentiles is lord over the people. The prince of the Gentiles is called grace.
Then the angel of Yahweh answered, Yahweh of Armies, How long have you not been merciful, seeing you have been angry with Jerusalem and with the cities of Judah seventy years?
Moses took them down from their hand, and burnt them on the burnt offering that was on the altar: it was a holy consecration: it was an offering made by fire to Yahweh for a sweet savor.
Jesus answered them, I told you that I AM. If you seek me, let them go.
Yahweh your God will deliver them up to you, and make them greatly afraid, until they are consumed.
How long, his signs! How long, his wonders! His kingdom is an everlasting nation, and his dominion endures forever!
Dan shall judge his people like one of the tribes of Israel.
Yahweh will shut up the lips of the flattering lips, And will break the tongue of the great ones.
Jephthah said to the elders of Gilead, Take me, and return to the battle against the children of Ammon; and Yahweh will deliver them before me: shall I be your chief?
As you also do, let them be counted righteous, but let them be full of hypocrisy and unrighteousness.
He who eats my flesh and drinks my blood shall have eternal life, and in the end I will raise him up.
For this cause the Jews began to persecute him, because he had healed the people on the Sabbath day.
If a man sees a bird snaring the snare of Seth, he shall seek to catch the birds, or that it not be found.
Elisha said to him, Go, return to him, and say, You shall surely live; but Yahweh has shown me, and he shall surely die.
After this the Levites shall go in to the service of the Tent of Meeting: you shall cleanse them, and offer them for a wave offering;
You teach others, and don't teach yourself? You teach no one to steal, but you steal yourself?
When he saw him, he fell down and cried before him, Lord Jesus, the Son of God, what have I to do with you? Don't make me suffer.
The chief of the fathers' houses in the second month was Dadai the Ahohite, and Miklot the captain; and in his division were twenty-four thousand men.
Jehoram was thirty-two years old when he began to reign; and he reigned eight years in Jerusalem: and he didn't remember him from off the surface of the earth, but they buried him in the city of David; but he was not in the tombs of kings.
Ephron answered Abraham,
The soldiers gave him a drink of the wine of bitterness. He would not drink of it.
All the families of the people shall give to Yahweh power and glory, to Yahweh.
For as long as you have spent it, you shall be called this day, and you shall be forgiven it day by day, that there not be among you a man who will cause iniquity to perish, and will be hardened.
Two parts of it shall be fickle; it shall be joined to it on the two sides.
For all the strangers of the house of Israel, and all the strangers who live as foreigners in Israel, who are separated from me, and take their idols in their heart, and put the stumbling block of their iniquity in their sight, and come to the prophet, who seeks to inquire of me concerning himself, I, Yahweh, will answer them themselves.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
He said to his father, Ask now for a little while, and let me go up two months, that I may go up to the mountain with my companions, and weep for my virginity all my days.
Brother who betrays him will be put to death, and his father will be the father of children. Children will rise up against parents, and kill them.
But Yahweh didn't put away his fierce anger, the wrath of his wrath toward Judah, because of the provocation with which Manasseh provoked him to anger.
I will multiply on you all that is in the house of Israel; and cities shall be inhabited, and waste places shall be built.
Go, my daughter, I am old, I can't stand any more. If I say, I have hope, and if I have husbands, I have husbands, night and night,
Joseph bought all the land of Egypt for Pharaoh, and the Egyptians sold every man his land, because of the famine. The land was Pharaoh's.
Joseph was thirty years old when he came to Pharaoh king of Egypt. Joseph went out from the presence of Pharaoh, and went throughout all the land of Egypt.
Yahweh commanded Moses in Mount Sinai, even in the wilderness of Sinai, that the children of Israel should offer a present to Yahweh in the day of his offering.
You will not receive me in the name of my Father. If any man comes in his own name, you will receive him.
Philip said to him, Lord, show us the Father, and we will be satisfied.
Those who dwell in the land trembles because of your signs. You make them glad, all of them, from the going down of the sun.
Nevertheless I must do this day, and tomorrow, and after this day; for the prophet must not be put to death except in Jerusalem.
From that time he began to preach, saying, Repent, for the Kingdom of Heaven is at hand!
When they had gathered money out of Jason, and out of the rest of them, they let them go.
Go up to Lebanon, and weep; and lift up your voice at Bashan, and cry out of Abarim; for all your love is destroyed.
The one pillar was eighteen cubits high, and the two cubits round about; and the four stories were four, and the middle of them empty.
When they had made an end of speaking to him, he said to them, The prophet will be honored, where he is, in his own country, and in his own house.
You shall rejoice in the waste of the house of Israel; so will I do to you: and you shall be desolate on Mount Seir, and all the land of Edom shall be desolate. They shall know that I am Yahweh.
Passing through Pilate, they came to Pamphylia.
Nicodemus said to him, Why are men so old, that they should come to their mother's womb again?
John always said to Herod, You ought not to take a wife of your brothers.
For Christ has not sinned, Neither has he heard falsehood.
So Edom revolted from under the hand of Judah to this day; and the Libnah revolted at that time.
Yahweh has done to you according to the word which he spoke by me; Yahweh has taken the kingdom out of your hand, and given it to David your man.
For I know that your prayer and the Holy Spirit of Jesus Christ are in vain. I will be freed, I will be freed.
You have given her the desire of her soul. You have taken all that her mouth asks for. Selah.
that all may honor the Son as the Father, and the unthankful as the Father, who doesn't honor the Son.
I bought both male and female, and some of them were born in my house, and some of the herds and of the flocks who were before me in Jerusalem.
From the first month, on the first day of the month, the first day of the month began to pass through to the porch of Yahweh's gate, and the eighth day to the house of Yahweh; and to the first month, on the fourteenth day of the month, they finished it.
Is the footstool of a man Yahweh, That he should know his ways?
Yahweh built Jerusalem, and gathered the children of Israel together, and were carried away abroad.
He didn't know that his grain, and his wine and his oil, I gave him, and I increased his silver and his gold. He ministered to Baal with these.
Go to my own land, and take a wife for my son Isaac.
He called his name Joseph, and said, Yahweh increase on me another son.
He made poles of acacia wood, and overlaid them with gold.
Of Naphtali were a thousand captains, who drew shields and spears after them, thirty-seven thousand.
I have tried all things wisely. I said, I will be wise, but wisdom is far from me.
They rose up, and were afraid of all who were round about him, so that they didn't pursue all the sons of Jacob.
and all that was to be done in the midst of the Levites, according to all that Moses commanded, according to all that was written in the hand of Ithamar the son of Aaron the priest.
The woman was beautiful in her face, and she was a virgin, and no one came near to her. She went down to the pit, and filled her chamber.
If the city had blew the trumpet, wouldn't the people be afraid? and if the plague had come on a city, wouldn't it have been that Yahweh had brought it down?
I also saw some of the thrones sitting on it having authority to judge, and I also saw those who spoke for Jesus as witnesses, and the spirits of those who were blind, who didn't worship the image of the beast, nor the image of the beast, nor the appearance of the Christ in their hands.
This is the fire, and it shall burn until it perish; and it shall pluck away all the fruit of my increase.
For whoever there is among your servants, let him die, and we will be servants to my master.
I asked the angel who talked with me, What are these, my lord?
Who knows the mind of the Lord, And who will give account of him?
Saul's uncle said, Please tell me, What did Samuel tell you?
The children of Benjamin, when they fought in the day of the battle, rose up and killed the children of Israel, about thirty men, and said, They have been killed before us, as before.
Out of the tribe of Naphtali, Kedesh of Galilee, the city of refuge for the manslayer, and its suburbs, Hammothor, and its suburbs, and Chalthan, and its suburbs, three cities;
Samuel spoke to the people all the words of Yahweh, saying, These are those who ask of him a king, saying,
Yahweh our Lord, how great is your name in all the earth!
For I have straw to measure the donkey, and wine to give to me, and to my handmaid, and to the young men of my servants who follow me, that there be no lack of anything.
Most assuredly I tell you, one grain or one seed, if it doesn't go down to the ground, it dies, and it is a given; and if it dies, it will yield much grain.
in whom you were filled with all riches and knowledge through Christ.
It shall be a praise and a glory to all the nations, that it shall be my glorious name, and a praise; for all the nations have heard all the good that I have given them, and shall tremble for all the good that I have given them, and for the peace that I have given them.
So Ebedmelech took them with him, and went into the king's house, and came to the inner chamber, and took from there the sickle, and put on his clothes, and put a line into the dungeon, and came to Jeremiah.
For you have taken away many nations, and those who remain of the nations shall take them away; because you have shed blood, and have worked violence in the land, and in the cities, and in the dwellings of it.
So they returned there to the house of the Levite, the young man, to the house of Micah, and greeted him.
When he saw the golden rings, and saw the bracelets in their sister's hand, he heard the words of Rebekah their sister, saying, This is what the man said to me. He went to the man, and saw the man standing by the camels, by the well of water.
They gather themselves together against the souls of the righteous, And condemn the innocent.
then his brother shall come to him before the elders, and take off the man's foot, and spit on his face, and say, Thus shall it be done to him who shall not build up his house for his brother.
Samuel said, Your sword has made the woman childless; so shall your mother be childless of the woman. So Samuel divided Agag into pieces before Gilgal and before Yahweh.
But if he gives an portion of his inheritance to one of his servants, to be a servant until the year of freedom, then it shall be for the prince. As for his inheritance, let it be for his sons.
The top of the base was a talent of gold, and the height of it was half a cubit. Above the base was its shovels, and its sockets, of one piece.
The mountains shall be moved away, and the hills shall be removed; but my loving kindness shall not depart from you, neither shall my peace be removed, says your God.
The children of the chosen ones, who are in your tents, greet you.
She lived in the wilderness of Paran; and her mother took a wife for her out of the land of Egypt.
Therefore in that day, according to the Good News which I preached, God will judge those who are hidden in Christ Jesus.
Yahweh God put the man in the garden of Eden, and planted and kept it.
This also shall be like the dew of Hermon on Mount Zion; for there Yahweh has ordained a blessing, the eternal life.
Now the glory of God is in the temple, and the smoke of power is in it. Until the seven angels come, there is no one who can enter into the temple, until the seven plagues are accomplished.
Solomon made Pharaoh king of Egypt his kinsman, and took Pharaoh's daughter as wife, and brought her into the city of David, until he had built his house, and the house of Yahweh, and the wall that was round about Jerusalem.
If you build a new house, then you shall make man on the housetop, that no man fall from there; and the blood shall be on your house.
They told the Lord's word in the ears of him, and of all his household.
Wisdom will keep you from sexual immorality, And from prophesying the prostitute.
Yahweh said to Jehu, Because you have done good, and have done that which is good in my sight, and have dealt with the house of Ahab in my heart, and your children shall sit on the throne of Israel fourfold.
Don't forsake your friends and your father's friends. In the day of your trouble, don't go to the brother's house. The neighbor is far from his brother.
Another said, I am married, so that I can't go.'
Speak to the children of Israel, and tell them, Let them be their spears on the side of the garment; and let them hang a lace of blue on the beards beside it.
Wail, for the day of Yahweh comes, As destruction from the Almighty.
They shall arise, and go into your palaces, and into your couches, and into your bedchamber, and into your servants' houses; and they shall go up to your people's bodies, and shall enter into your vanities, and into your kneading troughs.
and Jathiel with its suburbs, and Eshtemoh with its suburbs,
It happened after the feast, that as they returned, he was still in Jerusalem. His parents didn't know it.
He said to the king, Thus says Yahweh, Because you have let the man whom I have purposed flee, therefore shall your life be for his life; and your people shall take their place instead of their people.
If therefore he lives with another man, then he will be called an adulteress. If the husband dies, he will be free from this law, not sexual, though he lives with another man.
Yahweh will possess Judah for his inheritance in the holy land, And will choose Jerusalem.
Don't deceive yourselves. If any of you deceives himself with the world, let him be wise in his own eyes, but be foolish in his own heart, that you may be wise in your own eyes.
You shall put the two stones on the overlaying of the ephod, for a memorial of the children of Israel: and Aaron shall take their names on his shoulders, and they shall be for a memorial before Yahweh.
A foolish man brings news, As he breaks his feet, And separates himself from his feet.
The light of the eye makes the heart glad, But the beauty of it springs from the root.
Beloved, love us in love, and we love one another.
The man said, Your name shall no more be Jacob, but your name shall be Israel; for you have prevailed against God, or against man.
Having therefore heard your news, we continued praying for you, and we beg God that you may have every wisdom and knowledge from the Holy Spirit, able to discern his will;
I, Paul, greet you in my letter. Remember now that I am in prison. Grace be with you all.
David departed that day from Saul, and fled to Achish king of Gath.
The heart of him who devises evil schemes is deceitful, But he who pleads good will be glad.
But when they are called by God, brothers of Christ, consider the things which Jesus, the apostle and the high priest, has confessed to us.
Shall I eat the flesh of the bull, Or drink the blood of the goats?
Let your loving kindness be to us, Yahweh, according as we have hoped for you.
God didn't allow an angel to sin, but he threw them into Sheol, and put them into darkness, and there waited for judgment.
one male goat for a sin offering;
who gives light to the God who comes out of darkness, who gives light to the God who is in us, and gives knowledge of the glory which is in Jesus Christ;
Blessed be your man, blessed be your servant, who will always stand before you to hear your wisdom.
If a man's heart is troubled, he shall be made to faint. A good word shall please him.
When he is judged, let him go out to be condemned. Let his prayer be turned into sin.
We touched the wall, and we broke it, as blind; and we touched it, as the eye didn't see: and we fell down at noonday, as in the days of prosperity; and we became like the dead among the mighty.
Look down from heaven, and see from the place of your holiness and glory. Where is your zeal and your power? The heart of your love, and your mercy, wait for me.
You make the grass fruitful, that the animals may eat, and the herbs may be used for the increase of the ground.
To all Israel they gave one piece of bread, and one piece of flesh, and one piece of a cake, both of man and of woman.
For all knew that the girl was dead, and they ridiculed him.
Then Job answered,
Yahweh spoke to Moses and Aaron in Mount Hor, which is by the border of Edom, saying,
There is no riches in the day of his wrath, But righteousness saves from death.
The waters that were called Meribah came to Yahweh because of the children of Israel; and Yahweh sanctified himself of them.
Then Nebuchadnezzar was filled with anger, and commanded to build against Shadrach, and against Meshach, and against Abednego seven times as much as the fire;
I will send a fire on the wall of Tyre, And it will devour its palaces.
those who were numbered of them, of the tribe of Manasseh, were fifty-four thousand four hundred.
Son of man, take up a lamentation over Tyre, and tell it, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: All you are ready to make, and to make for yourselves wise, and to be perfect.
Yahweh raised them up judges, and Yahweh was with judges, and he delivered them out of the hand of all those who were alive in the judges' houses: for they were sighed because of the oppression. Therefore Yahweh had mercy on them.
The sons of Meshreiah and his brothers were of valor, eighteen men.
You have chosen those who come out from the earth, and I have declared your name to them. They are yours. You gave them to me, and they have obeyed your word.
But if a man walks by night, he will stumble, because there is no light to carry.
But Jesus said to him, There is a man who has a great supper, and many.
and one male goat for a sin offering, to make atonement for you.
I will rejoice in Jerusalem, For my people rejoice. There shall no more any more hear the voice of weeping and the voice of wailing;
Laban first took the streak, and the male goats, and the speckled, and the spotted, and the white goats, and the ostriches, and plucked them out that day, and gave them to his sons.
Then the unrighteous will be revealed, and the Lord Jesus will come and kill him with his mouth, and will destroy him with the glory of his revelation.
After him repaired Shallum the son of Harosh, and his daughters.
For whoever will save his life will lose it, but whoever will lose his life for my sake, he will lose it.
He shall not go out of darkness; and the flame shall devour his branch; and he shall die by the breath of Yahweh in his mouth.
Also because of the anger of Yahweh, and because he has sworn not to cause me to pass over the Jordan, you shall not bring me into the land which Yahweh your God gives you for an inheritance.
You shall offer wine of the drink offering for the one lamb; the fourth part shall be a hin: you shall offer the old wine for a drink offering to Yahweh in the holy place.
You say, God lays up his iniquity against his son. I say, He shall not requite him, that he himself may know it.
You know that we deal with every man of you, as his father does with his own children.
Fools, if you don't die from the seed that is thrown down, will you live?
and he will cut down his stones, and he will make wood, and he will make all manner of skillful work.
Isaac his father said to him, My son, come near to kiss me.
Your rebuke, Yahweh of Jacob, comes forth, And your chariots sleep with horses.
We still groan in this tent, not that we should take up the earthly body, but that we should take up the heavenly body, that we might take up the body of the dead with life.
Go, and tell Jeroboam, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, I have lifted you up from among the people, and have made you prince over all Israel;
But Yahweh brought you up out of Egypt out of the furnace of iron, to be his inheritance, as at this day.
The king said, Go, spy out him, and I will send and seize him. They said to the king, Behold, he is in Dothan.
Jonathan said to him, Tomorrow is the new moon. Your throne is empty, that you may not be silent.
Amnon lay sick, and the king came to him. Amnon said to the king, Please let my sister Tamar come to me, and make me two loaves of bread before me, that I may eat of her by her hand.
They have poured out the blood of your people round about Jerusalem, as water poured on them, and there is none to bury them.
He took off his clothing, and ate it with him all the days of his life, as did the king of Babylon.
Their graves are deep places in the midst of the pit; their people are slain by the sword round about their graves; for they caused their terror in the land of the living.
All the remnant of your house shall come and bow down to him, and shall seek one silver, and one cake, and shall say, Give me one of the priesthood, that I may eat a morsel of bread.'
The Lord said to them, If you are like a grain of mustard seed, and say, Draw your roots, and know in the sea,' and the tree will obey you.
Therefore I am unrighteous before him. I am afraid.
No man who disobeys my covenant, who disobeys the word of the covenant, when he breaks open the calf, and passes through it, makes a covenant before me;
All the princes, even the heads of the fathers' houses of Israel, shall gather themselves to you.
Then Eliphaz the Temanite answered,
The five curtains shall be squared one to another; and the five curtains one to another shall be squared one to another.
Son of man, behold, the house of Israel says, This vision which he saw is of old time, and of old, and of old.'
This is the burnt offering, and the meal offering, and the sin offering, and the trespass offering, and the holy offering, and the custom of the sacrifice of peace offerings.
A voice came out of Dan, and a voice came out of the hill country of Ephraim for evil.
You shall make a breastplate of skillful workmanship; like the work of the ephod you shall make of gold, of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen.
Jonah said to them, Take me up, and throw me into the sea, and it will be calm; for I know that you have found this great wind for my sake.
By knowledge, his chambers were full of precious things and precious things.
For they bound him always with their feet and with their iron hooks, but the chain broke him, and their feet were broken, and they gave him a mouth. There was no one who could bear him.
It happened, when Achsah was shearing his hair, that he laid up a field for his father: and Achsah came down from the donkey, and Caleb said, What will you?
While Peter was considering this vision, the Spirit said to him, There came three men to seek you.
Behold, the king of Judah's house is like the top of Lebanon; But I will turn it into a wilderness, A city without inhabitant.
He who was sent spoke the word of God, because he didn't give him the Holy Spirit.
that the glory of God might be restored to us first to Christ.
They played the harp, and struck it, and dipped it, and drank wine; they didn't remember the way of Yahweh, neither did they regard the work of his hands.
He made also the bases, and the basins on the bases,
Yahweh, I take refuge in you. Don't let me be disappointed forever. Deliver me according to your righteousness.
It happened after a little while, that it went up into the sky; for the wind and the cloud were darkened, and they rained. So Ahab sat down in the chariot, and went to Jezreel.
Even the horse which a man who has his discharge riding on it is unclean.
The man of God's anger was kindled against him, saying, At that time you shall strike five times, and then you shall fight against Syria, until it be utterly destroyed; but you shall strike the Syrians three times.
Peter and the disciple went away to the tomb.
But to this day I have the throne of God, to stand, and to testify of the honor and of the lowly. The things which I have spoken, and the prophets, and all the things which Moses has spoken, are of the things which are to come,
As for me, am I murmured against men? Why is my spirit troubled?
Tarshish and the kings of the islands shall come to tribute. Sheba and the king of Zebah shall offer their offering.
But hold fast to all that you have, until I come.
But Saul continued in the fear that he might kill the Lord's disciples. He came to the high priest,
The pillars were before the house; one on the right side, and another on the left; and the name of the right side was Jachin, and the name of the left was Boaz.
I will turn you back, and I will bring you forward, and cause you to come from the uttermost part of the north, and I will bring you to the mountains of Israel.
All the inhabitants of the land rejoiced, and the city was quiet: and they killed Athaliah with the sword in the king's house.
A perfect righteous man will trample on his own way, But sinners will stumble in their own wickedness.
Now Yahweh your God has made you like the stars of the sky, when your fathers went down into Egypt, even seventy souls.
Come, house of Jacob. Let us walk in the light of Yahweh.
I will harden Pharaoh's heart, And will do wonders in the land of Egypt.
Who can declare the greatness of Yahweh? Who can declare all his fame?
I will tell God my rock, Why have you forgotten me? Why have I grieved because of the oppression of my enemies, and walked and walked?
As for this, Yahweh commanded him, and he didn't follow other gods: but he didn't keep the commandment of Yahweh.
If there is a rich man who sees his brother or his sister in lack, but doesn't have compassion on him, how can he love God?
You shall not offer to Yahweh anything that hurts, or that which thirsts, or that which is torn, or that which is paralyzed, nor that which is paralyzed; neither shall you do so in your land.
Don't be far from me, for there is none to help me in trouble.
The people cried, and the priests blew the trumpets. When the people heard the sound of the trumpet, they shouted with a loud voice, and the wall fell on it, and the people came into the city, and went every man straight forward, and so took the city.
Neither shall the light of the lamp be seen any more, neither shall the voice of the bride nor the voice of the bride be heard any more: your merchants are all of the mighty men of the earth, and all your nations are deceived by your enchantments.
But I will blow the whirlwind on them, and will blow them to the nations which they don't know; so that the land will become a desolation in them, and no one will enter in by it; for they are desolate in the land of joy.
They lifted up their voice, and kissed Orpah and her mother-in-law; but Ruth and her were not left.
Therefore I hate the book of life, for it is my labor in the daytime. For it is vanity and a chasing after wind.
and the tribe of Gad; and the prince of the children of Gad shall be Eliasaph the son of Tauel.
The children of Israel sought silver, and gold, and clothing, according to the word of Moses, from the Egyptians.
But I tell you, when the days of judgment come, the punishment of Sodom more abundantly than what is now in the city,
They came to hear him speak the word, and to heal him. They were all healed who were possessed by demons.
But he who hears, and doesn't do it, as a man builds a house on the earth, and doesn't lay the foundation of it, that it may be filled with brooks, and that house immediately falls down, and is likely to fall.
and all that is left of this evil people, that I have driven them down to them, they shall surely choose to die, and not choose to live, says Yahweh of Armies.
The old man said, Peace be to you, that you may not stay all night in the street, for whatever oil you need me to do.
I will have mercy on you, and will have mercy on you also, and will cause you to return to your own land.
You are eternal, Yahweh. Your throne shall not rest from generation to generation.
When the man saw that he was not able to prevail against him, he struck Jacob's thighs, and the thighs of Jacob were broken in the latter days.
There is no man who understands the truth, Neither is there any who seeks God.
Therefore be still, for you don't know when your master will return, or evening, or midnight, or when the rooster will wail, or when the sun rises.
Every time he passes, he will carry you away captive. Every morning he will pass, and will not visit day and night. Only the word which is told will be feared.
Joseph's master put him in prison, where the king's trespass was bound. Joseph was put in the prison.
In those days the house of Judah shall go with the children of Israel; and they shall come with them out of the land of the north, to the land which I gave to your fathers for an inheritance.
To him who made heaven by wisdom; For his loving kindness endures forever;
It shall happen in that day, says Yahweh, that I will take away your horses out of the midst of you, and will destroy your chariots.
Then I answered, Behold, I come. My works are written in a book.
It shall be, if the king and the people change the commandment in their hand, and it be broken down in the house of God which is at Jerusalem, that he put his name there, and destroy them: and I, Darius, have sent out this commandment, that you shall do hastily.
But I will sacrifice sacrifices to you with a voice of thanksgiving, and will pay my vows, and will deliver them out of Yahweh.
But not every man has such knowledge. One worships idols, and until now he thinks he is eating idols. Their conscience is weak, and they think that they will be defiled with them.
If I remember that we were going astray, I would rather have seen you, that I might rejoice with you.
How is it that I myself am bearers of your burdens, and of your judgments, and of your wrestlings?
When he sat with them, he gave them bread, and broke in pieces.
But Yahweh God, the God of Israel, has done marvelous things. Let us praise him.
and said to them, You have done according to all that Moses the servant of Yahweh commanded you, and you have obeyed all that I commanded you.
For a fire is kindled in my anger, And it burns to the innermost parts of Sheol, And it burns to the ground and to the fruit of the ground; And it kindles the foundations of the mountains.
For indeed there is strife among you, that you have become bruised. Why then do you wrong? Why do you wrong?
I baptized you with water, that you might be made to repentance, but he who comes after me is more honorable than I, that I may not bear with his sword, and he will baptize you with the Holy Spirit and with fire.
Honor the woman who rules in truth.
You shall not enter into the gates of my people for the day of calamity: you shall not see the day of their calamity for the day of their calamity; they shall not touch the spoil of them for the day of their calamity.
Elisha said to his servants, Tell him, behold, you have made for us many thoughts: now what shall you do for us? and what shall I tell the king or the captain of the army for you? The woman said, I dwell among my people.
As Samuel was offering the burnt offering, the Philistines came near to fight against Israel: and Yahweh thundered against the Philistines that day, and struck them; and they struck them before Israel.
Now Saul had given Michal his daughter, David's wife, to be wife to Paltah the son of Laish, a Carmelite.
For the blood of the ox and of the sheep doesn't go away from the iniquity of man.
Outside shall be a sword, and pestilence, and famine, and those who dwell in the field shall die by the sword; and the famine and the pestilence shall devour the city.
For indeed there is no other Good News, which I say about the Good News of Christ, because some have troubled you.
Your brothers shall be with you poor and needy. You shall defend him, that he may dwell with you as a foreigner, as a foreigner, as a foreigner, and as a foreigner.
If there is a iniquity in your hand, you shall take it far from you, and you shall not allow unrighteousness to dwell in your tent.
The eyes of God were on the elders of Judah, who didn't allow them to cease, until they came to Darius to recover the matter.
His brother came out after him, and took hold of Esau's foot, and called his name Jacob. Isaac was sixty years old when his two sons were born.
I heard a voice from heaven saying, Write now! Blessed are you from now on, for the Holy Spirit has said, They will rest in their labors, because their labors will follow them.
It shall happen, when they shall find many plagues, that this song shall be a witness before them, because the mouth of their seed shall be silent, and shall not be forgotten; for I know that I didn't bring them to the land which I swore to them; for I knew the thoughts of their ships.
For if a man doesn't spare his own heart, he is like a ruined city, which doesn't have walls.
I also fear that, when I return to you, my God will be disappointed before you, and I will weep for many; because of the sins that they committed before them, and because they were unclean, and because they committed adultery, and because they didn't repent until now.
Afterward they and their disciples stayed together for a while.
Let your works be revealed to your servants. Let your glory be revealed to our children.
You have shortened his days. You have made him a great shame. Selah.
The heads of fathers' houses envied Joseph, and sold him into Egypt; but God was with him.
The second, the third, to the seventh, is like the same.
As women, obey your own husband in the Lord.
Behold, the name of Yahweh comes from afar, and his anger rises, and the smoke of his eyes is lifted up. His lips are filled with anger, and his tongue is like a devouring fire.
You have dealt treacherously with me, house of Israel, and have gone astray as a woman from her husband, says Yahweh.
Joseph lived in Egypt, he and his father's household. Joseph lived in one hundred years.
When you see, O king, behold, a great voice; and the image is very high, and is sore troubled, and stands before you; and his form is very awesome.
Jonah prayed to Yahweh his God in the belly of his fish, saying,
You shall therefore keep all my statutes, and all my ordinances, and do them; that you not go forth out of the land where I brought you up to dwell.
Abraham arose, and bowed himself to the people of the land, even to the children of Heth.
As he came near, Lazarus was buried in the tomb four days.
The Spirit of the Lord came on me, because he anointed me to preach the Good News to the poor; and he sent me to preach, and the captives will be freed, and the blind will see, and the oppressed will be freed;
If we say that we have fellowship with God, we still walk in darkness, but speak lies, and don't walk in truth.
Yahweh is my rock, and my fortress, and my salvation. My God, my rock, and I will take refuge in him. He is my shield, and the horn of my salvation, and my stronghold.
The gold of Ophir shall not overtake it; Neither shall the precious proverbs nor the precious stones of it be.
They said to king Nebuchadnezzar, Long live the king.
Who has set his foundations above? Or who has set the stones of his corners?
Therefore thus says the Lord Yahweh: Behold, my servant shall eat, but you shall hungry; behold, my servant shall drink, but you shall thirst; and behold, my servant shall rejoice, but you shall be ashamed.
He said to them, I AM. They fell down and fell on the ground.
according to the will of God Jesus Christ, and according to the will of God, according to the measure of his own body, we have been sanctified to God.
Pharaoh's servants, when they saw him, praised him from Pharaoh. The woman was brought into Pharaoh's palace.
Then they made the image of a calf, and offered it from the idol, and rejoiced over the idol that their own hands had made.
Immediately those who tried to enter into judgment with Paul departed. When the commanding officer knew that Paul was a Roman, and that he had bound him, he was afraid.
But if you diligently listen to the commandment of Moses, which Yahweh spoke to them, and teach them the statutes and the ordinances of Israel, then you shall prosper: be of good courage, and don't be afraid, neither be dismayed.
I have counsel and knowledge. I have understanding and power.
Then Paul departed from them.
For I am also a man under authority, and I am driven by soldiers. I tell this one, Go,' and he goes; and tell the other, Come,' and he comes; and tell my servant, Do this,' and he does it.
It happened after the flood, that Noah lived again three hundred fifty years.
On the third day Cana in Galilee had a marriage feast, and his mother had a fellowship.
As it is written, On the third day after they had buried him,
Delilah bound him with a new cord, and said to him, Samson, the Philistines are come to take you: then the ambush was hidden in the inner chamber; and Samson broke the cords that were in his arms, as one of the cords that were in his hand, and cut them off.
The friends of Corinth have opened their mouths, Our hearts have opened their mouths to you.
Because of the evil that is come on me from God, Because of his majesty, I can't bear it.
Then Solomon built high places for Molech the abomination of Moab, and for Chemosh the god of Moab, and for Molech the abomination of the children of Ammon, which was before Jerusalem.
Behold, Assyria has been a cedar of Lebanon. It is very beautiful. It has a shade like a forest. Its branches are exalted in its height. Its tail runs into the clouds.
Now the plague of Moab is near, and his troubles are near.
Say you to God, How awesome are your works! For your great power, and all your enemies, will be subdued.
The seventh angel poured out the bowl into the air, and a loud voice came out of the temple, saying, It is finished!
Don't be weary. Don't harden your neck.
The shepherds who came in from the gate were the sheep.
But Festus answered, Paul is shut up at Caesarea, and I will go there by the way.
The light of the righteous will be revealed, But the lamp of the wicked will be melted.
You shall drink water at your right hand and at your left, and you shall drink one hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of water.
Forty years in the wilderness, house of Israel, did you offer to me sacrifices and sacrifices?
I am tempted and tempted by the Jews. I am still humbled and weary with my eyes to minister to the Lord.
From this very day forward, Jesus Christ has been blameless forever and ever.
It shall be, when the priest goes in, that he shall not go out from the sanctuary into the outer court; but there shall be a garment for them to walk in, because it is holy: and their garments shall be changed to the place of the people.
John answered all the people, I baptized you with water, but for me there is more power than I, and I am not worthy to put off his sword. He will baptize you in the Holy Spirit and in the fire.
My sister, my bride, you have taken away my heart. Look with your eyes, and take away my heart with a chain of gold from off your neck.
I will punish him with pestilence and with blood; and I will give him great rain, hail, and fire, and sulfur, with all his army, and his people with him.
A proud man stirs up strife, But a covetous man is wise.
For many were possessed by demons, and the demons shouted, and went out of the man whom they had, and many paralytics and lame men were healed.
Keep your faith before God. Blessed is he who does what is right in his own eyes, and is blameless.
His breath was too sharp for him; and when he fell on him, he named his son Benjamin. His father named him Benjamin.
There were also two olive trees, one on the right side of the ark, and another on the left side of the ark.
Go you, you inhabitants of Dedan, and flee; hide yourself in secret places; for I will bring on him the evil of Esau my visitation.
For he didn't kill me from the womb, but made my mother my tomb, and she was continually naked.
So it came to pass, that he sent me to this place, and not you, but God; and he made me like the father of Pharaoh, to be lord over all his house, and over all the land of Egypt.
The people sat, and lived as Anak, a great people, and as Anak; but Yahweh destroyed them before the children of Ammon; and they possessed their land, and lived therein.
The princes of Judah shall say in their heart, The inhabitants of Jerusalem are my strength; for they have trusted in their God, the God of Armies.
One of the Pharisees said, This man doesn't keep the Sabbath, nor he who comes from God; but who says, Why does this miracle happen to him who is guilty? So they went to the marriage feast.
and have burned your house with fire, and have judged you in the sight of many women; and I will surely make you no more to commit adultery, neither will I require any more to commit adultery.
He pursues after them, and walks in the way which he has not known, and passes in peace.
You shall not turn to those who are mediums, nor to wizards; neither shall you inquire of them, to the end that they may be defiled. I am Yahweh your God.
The Levite made a great feast in their house for Jesus' sake. Many of the tax collectors and tax collectors came and sat with them to eat bread.
He said, Please let me go; for we are in the city with sacrifices, and my brothers have charged me: now therefore, if I have found favor in your eyes, please let my brothers go. Therefore he has not come to the king to sit down.
Because they have served the people before their idols, and have done mischief to the house of Israel; therefore have I lifted up my hand against them, and they shall bear their iniquity, says the Lord Yahweh.
You did not eat one work, two workmen, five workmen, ten workmen, twenty workmen,
Now therefore don't be deceitful, neither be dismayed, that the bonds which are bound with you may be subdued; for when I hear from the Lord, Yahweh of Armies, he will surely do that which is determined in all the earth.
Yahweh will always lead you, and make you strong in the land of drought, and make you strong in your heart, and strong in your bones; and you shall be as the garden of widowhood, and as the fountain of unleavened water.
Eleazar the priest said to all the army that came back from the war, This is the law of the law which Yahweh commanded Moses:
Isaac his son, and Ishmael, buried him in the cave of Machpelah, which was before Mamre, in the field of Ephron the son of Zohar the Hittite,
My eye is scorched with sorrow. I call to you daily, Yahweh. I pray to you with my hand.
They took the brothers who lived in the villages, and laid their hands on them every seven days.
But they had no sons, because Elizabeth couldn't conceive, and the years of the two were at hand.
When the council heard of it, it was very angry, that they might kill them.
and not as I commanded judges to rule over my people Israel in the day that I will give you rest from all your enemies, and Yahweh will tell you that Yahweh will build you a house.
Sodom and Gomorrah, and the men of the surrounding cities, and the angels, play the prostitute, and play the prostitute after the holy covenant; that they may be visited by all men for the punishment of an everlasting fire which shall not be quenched.
He refused to be entreated, and we ceased, saying, The will of the Lord is right.
This is the set feast which Yahweh has given, even the holy convocation which you shall proclaim in the day that Yahweh has given you.
to be to him a priest forever, and to his seed after him; because he has a jealous heart for his God, and because of the children of Israel, to make atonement for them.
Therefore I beg you first, that all those who are with you pray, pray, and give thanks.
My throat is dried up, because I cried with a loud voice. I have waited for God, and my eyes are turned away.
On the eighth day, the child shall be circumcised.
then you shall do to him as he desires to do to his brothers. So you shall put away the evil from the midst of you.
the children of Babylon, and all the Chaldeans, and the Perkothites, and the Shuhites, and the Goahites: and all the Assyrians with them, and the princes, and the rulers, and the captains of the army, and the famous men, and those who rode on horses, were desirable young men.
While they were worshipping the Lord, and fasting, the Holy Spirit said, Send me Barnabas and Saul, that they may serve them for the work.
If you desire to receive these things, this man is Elijah who comes.
But the child didn't know what that was: only Jonathan and David knew of it.
He took a piece of a ram, and Moses burned the head, and the flesh, and the fat.
Sing praise to him! Sing praises to all his wondrous works!
and the heads of fathers' houses, and mighty men of valor: according to their fathers' houses, and according to their generations, twenty-two hundred men.
A rich man thinks that his wealth is his fortified city, And that as a high wall, so it is.
It happened, when those who were carried captive from Babylon to Jerusalem, that Sheshbazzar carried them away.
Abimelech said, Whoever has done this thing has not known of it, neither have you told me, to this day have I heard it.
There shall go up to Mount Zion, and shall judge the mountains of Esau; and the kingdom shall be Yahweh's.
The king of Herod heard of it, and was troubled in his heart, and so was all Jerusalem.
You shall bring Aaron and his sons before the door of the Tent of Meeting, and wash them with water.
Yahweh my God, help me. Save me according to your loving kindness,
As the king sat at the table, my oil poured out his fragrance.
Gad will be overcome by the army; But he will follow after their backs.
They have blew the trumpet, they have prepared the integrity; Yet none goes out to battle; For my wrath is on them all.
There was again war with the Philistines; and Sibbecai the Hozite killed a great people, even of the sons of the Kohathites, who were called Saph.
You shall kill the bull in the door of the Tent of Meeting before Yahweh.
He said to them, How many loaves do you have? They said to him, Seven.
Esther's commandment was to confirm the matter of Pur, and it was written in a book.
Also he was angry with his three friends, because they didn't consider it right to answer them, yet they were guilty of Job.
In that day you shall tell your son, Because of Yahweh, and because of the works which I did when I came forth out of Egypt, saying,
It shall happen in that time, that everyone who calls on the name of Yahweh shall be saved; for those who escape on Mount Zion and in Jerusalem shall be called of Yahweh, as Yahweh has spoken, in the remnant of the people who are left.
Do all that is in your hand; for there is no work, counsel, nor knowledge, nor wisdom, in which you go to Sheol.
Then said Boaz to the chief of the chiefs of the wheat which he had appointed, Whose daughter is that?
The Avvah made Mebhaz, and the Tartahites, and the Sepharvaim, and burnt their sons and their daughters with fire, and offered them up to Adrammelech and to Anammelech, the gods of Sepharvaim.
I have not hid your righteousness in my heart. I have set apart your truth and your salvation. I have not hidden your loving kindness and your truth in the great assembly.
I desire to have this child; and Yahweh has given me that which I have asked of him.
Jeshurun was fat, and you were fat, and grew fat; and he departed from his Maker, and despised the rock of his salvation.
As a man was cut down, the head fell on the water, and he cried out, Alas! my lord, the head is taken away.
The lords of the Philistines went out to battle; and they went out every once, and David was more honorable than all the servants of Saul: and his name was more honorable.
The man said, The woman whom you gave me, She gave me the fruit of the tree. Then I ate.
Then I saw the four angels standing on the four corners of the earth, casting up the four sides of the earth, that the wind should not come down to the earth, the sea, and all its trees.
Five thousand men ate of the bread.
He took seven bowls full of the seven plagues, and one came to me, and said, Come, and I will show you the bride, the Lamb's wife.
Won't the multitudes judge him with a proverb, and with a parable tell him, How long will it be to lay hold of the wealth of many who have not purchased of themselves? Woe to him who takes many things for himself!
For, behold, my people are gone captive without cause; and what have I done here? He said, Let those who rule over them roar, and my name be blasphemed all the day.
The stars of the sky warred against Sisera by their deceit.
The midwives said to Pharaoh, The Hebrews and the Egyptians aren't satisfied, but they have lived, and the midwives have not yet come, and they are brought forth.
But this vision I, Daniel, saw: for he who was with me didn't see the vision, but trembled and hid himself.
But I left of the children of Israel seven thousand men, whose knees didn't go over Baal; and their mouths didn't kiss him.
that he who kills any person unwittingly, unwittingly, and unwittingly kills his neighbor, he may flee there; and he who flees into the cities may live:
and the head braided with brass, and a man's armor on it, and a man's armor on it, and five thousand shekels of brass;
All of them lie in the dust, and are covered with worms.
For how the land was winnowed with the grain of the hundred, and how the increase of the field was made, even so will the Lord Yahweh bring righteousness and praise before all the nations.
I will walk in wisdom in the perfect way. When will you come to me? I will walk in my house with a perfect heart.
But I have kept my holy name, which the house of Israel has blasphemed among the nations where they are gone.
Yahweh listened to the voice of the children of Israel, and gave them the Canaanites charge: and they utterly destroyed the Canaanites, and their cities. The name of that place was called Hormah.
You shall be astonished, and you shall be blind yourselves: they are drunken not with wine; they are madness, but with strong drink.
Thus it was said, Because the glory of this is greater than the former, so that the glory of the great ones was consumed.
Remember that you were a bondservant in Egypt: therefore I command you to do this thing, that Yahweh your God redeem you from there.
Jehoiakim slept with his fathers; and Jehoiakim his son reigned in his place.
They were exceedingly afraid when they heard his teaching.
They answered Joshua, Because it was told your servant with a certainty, that Yahweh your God commanded his servant Moses to give you the whole land, and that we should destroy all the inhabitants of the land in your sight, because of your cause, and because we feared that there should be no life.
What will you do in the day when evil comes from afar? Ask for a man who will save you? Where will your riches be?
They shall prepare lambs, meal offerings, and fat for continual burnt offerings, morning by morning.
For the cry of Heshbon has gone out to Elealiah, and to Jahaz; and from Zoar even to Horonaim to Eglath Shelishiyah; for the waters of Nimrim shall wither.
It happened, when Moses lifted up his hand, that the children of Israel prevailed, and the Amalekites prevailed, when they drew off their hands.
Judah came near to Joseph, and said, Oh, my lord, please let your servant speak a word to my lord. Don't be angry with your servant, for you are like Pharaoh.
The spies came near to him, saying, If you are the Son of God, command the stones to become bread.
Abigail arose, and fell on her face to the ground, and said, Let your handmaid be a servant here, and wash the feet of my lord's servants.
Has any kingdom changed their gods? Yes, they are God's. Yet my people have taken their glory for an unprofitable one.
For God will save Zion, And build the cities of Judah; And they will possess the land of promise, And dwell therein.
Don't remember the sin of our fathers, that they should come to us to ask us. Let your tender mercies come quickly on us, for we have fallen into a very desolation.
Son of man, sigh, and break your thighs with sighing, and sigh before them.
God said, The waters shall bring forth living creatures abundantly, and birds shall fly on the earth, and in the skies of the sky.
Let your priests be clothed with righteousness. Let the voice of your saints be joyful.
Ephraim didn't drive out the Canaanites who lived in Gezer; but the Canaanites lived in Gezer.
The Philistines fought, and the children of Israel were slain, and every man fled to his tent, and killed many people: and the soldiers of Israel died thirty thousand men.
Most assuredly I tell you, wherever the Good News is preached, everyone will declare what this woman has done, and will remember her.
They gathered themselves together, and sought to fight with Joshua, and with the children of Israel.
For all the heights of the mountains, For all the great hills,
If the poor man has a cause, don't turn aside from him.
It shall happen in the days of their summer, that I will punish them for their wine, and make them drunken, and make them rejoice, and make them sleep long, and have no power forever, says Yahweh.
so as to save it; and it was so, that they hanged it on the gallows, and wrote it before the king in the book of the chronicles.
David went up according to the words of Gad, and did according to the commandment of Yahweh.
In that day you will no more ask me anything. Most assuredly I tell you, he will give you the request of my Father in my name.
God, you tested us. You tried us like silver.
Yahweh will open to you the treasure house of his heavens, and the showers of your ground, and will bless you in all the work of your hands; and you shall lend to many nations, and you shall not borrow of them.
In the first year of Cyrus king of Persia, in that he would establish the word of Yahweh, which he spoke by Jeremiah, Yahweh stirred up the spirit of Cyrus king of Persia, and made him proclaim throughout all his kingdom, and wrote,
Then I cut off my concubines, and sent to all Israel for an inheritance, because they had committed sexual immorality and shame in Israel.
God didn't give her inheritance here, neither was there any place where she stood. For she had no children, but God promised to give her land, that she might be her inheritance, and her children's inheritance.
Solomon gave to Hiram twenty thousand measures of wheat, and twenty thousand measures of oil, for food in his house. He gave Hiram year by year.
Behold, all the land of Egypt will find a great seven years of prosperity,
For it is no vain thing to you, but your life, and your days in which you go over the Jordan to go in to possess it.
On the fifth day shall you offer the dogs, two rams, fourteen male lambs a year old without blemish;
The assembly took the man out of the camp, and stoned him to death with stones, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
He gave an offering to Eglon king of Moab: and Eglon was a very fat man.
He made it of pure gold for the flesh, for the basins and for the cups, and of gold for the bowls of gold, and weighed it for every talent of gold;
Hurry up, you horses! Hurry, you chariots! Come out, you mighty men! The Ethiopians and the Putts take shield, and the Ludites make bows.
Jesus held his peace, and answered the high priest, and said to him, You are the Christ, the blessed Son, aren't you?
He testifies about the things which he hears, And doesn't receive his witness.
They cried there, but no one answered them; for the wicked are proud.
For I will pour out the waters on the thirsty, And water the dry land; And I will pour out my Spirit on your seed, And will bring my blessing on you.
They said to him, John's disciples always fast and pray, and the disciples of the Pharisees also eat and drink, but your disciples also eat and drink.
He entices her with many words of rejoicing. He entices her with flattery in her mouth.
You have been very good in your days. Who has kept you from the truth?
The house of the wicked shall fall, But the tents of the upright shall prosper.
There shall be no son among his people, neither shall there be any in the land where he sojourns.
Let old men be careful that they don't want to drink wine, but that they be sober minded, and that they have a perfect faith, love, and conscience.
He said, Two men lack the money of the creditor. One owed him five hundred pieces of silver, and the other fifty.
He did that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh, according to all that David his father had done.
Why have you fled away secretly? Don't you tell me secretly; that I may not return with gladness, with singing, with tambourines, nor with harps, nor with harps?
The windows of it, and the arches of it, and the palm trees of it, were by the way of the gate that looks toward the east: and they came up from the seven steps before them.
The hands of Zerubbabel have laid the foundation of this house, and the hands of it shall perform it: and you shall know that Yahweh of Armies has sent me to you.
For John always said to him, Take this woman as a wife, and don't touch the law.
Whatever you say or do, give thanks to God the Father, according to the will of the Lord Jesus.
As for you, if you walk before me, as David your father walked, and walk in all that I command you, and keep my statutes and my ordinances;
The Lord said, Because this people have come near to me, and have honored me with their mouths and with their lips, and have set their heart far from me, and have honored me, but have listened to my commandments.
Teacher, Moses said, There is no one who has a son who is dead, but his brother shall take his wife, and raise up his son for his brother.
Amnon hated her exceedingly, and she hated her hate more than she had loved. Amnon said to her, Arise, go forth.
When Azariah the high priest saw him, and all the priests who were with him, he cast him out of the house; and he hurried out, because Yahweh had struck him.
but you are the gods of the nations that are round about you. Depart from you, far from you, far from you, from the end of the earth even to the end of the earth,
Christ is faithful witnesses, the first fruits of the resurrection of the dead, and of the Master of the kings of the earth.
Therefore the young men of his young men shall fall down in his street; and all his men of war shall perish that day, says Yahweh.
All the wise men will regard these things, And remember the loving kindnesses of Yahweh.
All the assembly sent and told Benjamin in the rock of Rimmon, saying, A word of peace has been spoken to them.
You shall make them altars of boards, with their innards in the middle of them; according to the pattern that I have shown on the mountains, you shall do them.
If a man wants to redeem the tithe, then he shall add the tithe of the tithe to it.
You shall therefore observe to do that which Yahweh your God shall command you: you shall not turn aside to the right hand or to the left; neither shall you turn aside to the left.
The fruit of the Holy Spirit is love, gladness, peace, patience, tenderness, tenderness, tenderness, truth,
and they went after other gods to serve them, which they didn't know, and Yahweh didn't set apart for them.
David did that which was right in his heart; and Yahweh was with him.
I tell you, arise, and take up your mat, and go to your house.
Yahweh only rejoiced over your fathers, and loved them, and chose their seed among the peoples, even these are you, even as it is this day.
Shall the spoil of the nations return, and the spoil of the strong ones? shall they deliver them?
He said, Call her. Called her, and she stood at the door.
He did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh, and walked in the way of Jeroboam, and in his sin which he made to Israel.
For the swarming dust of his horses will cover you, and he will enter into your gates, as a man enters into a ruined city. Then your city will be shaken, because he rides on horses, and rides on his chariots, and your chariots.
But the days will come when the bridegroom will be taken away from them, and they will fast that day.
Yahweh will reign forever.
You have also condemned the righteous, and killed them, and they have not put you in jeopardy.
Have the gods of the nations delivered them, which our fathers have destroyed, Gozan, Haran, Rezeph, and the children of Eden who are in Telassar?
Thus says Yahweh, the offspring of children from the flesh, and only the offspring of children from the promise of God;
It happened after the pestilence, that Yahweh spoke to Moses and to Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest, saying,
His seed will be strong in the world, But the end of the generations of the upright will be blessed.
Jesus said these things, how Peter died, and glorified God. He said to him, Follow me.
Though I am righteous, I can't answer him, But they ask my judgment.
The wife of Jeroboam did so, and rose up, and went to Shiloh, and came to the house of Ahijah: and Ahijah didn't see the wood in his old age.
Don't tell him how he deals with me, Neither will I do it to him. I will do according to the man's ways.
My iniquity is far above my head, Like a burden that I am not able to bear.
Let us arise, and go up against Judah, and break it in pieces: and let us make the son of Tabiel king in his midst.
According to their filthiness have I done to them according to their disobedience, and have hid my face from them.
His roots are laid on heaps, And reach to the place of the heaps.
He who redeems him shall speak these words: he has redeemed him from his enemies' hands;
You shall say, Your servants have been from your youth until now, and we are all livestock of our fathers; so shall you stand in the land of Goshen; for all who feed shall be an abomination to the Egyptians.
We have many lamps in our place.
He said to him, Have mercy on him! Jesus said to him, Go, do this.
It happened in the twelfth year after our captivity, in the tenth month, in the fifth day of the month, that a man fled from Jerusalem to me, saying, The city is broken.
But the rest said, What if he will, seeing Elijah comes to deliver him?
In that day you shall keep the Sabbath of solemn rest; and you shall afflict your heart, and it shall be a statute forever.
This also is the same thing. He who has been chosen by grace has been reserved.
If I have despised their right, When my servant's handmaid contends with me,
When the king passed by, he called to the king, and said, Your servant went forth, and there came a man beside him, and brought another man to me, saying, You shall keep this man; if he be lost, your life shall be for his life; but if not, you shall give him a talent of silver.
Now the word is from all generations past, hidden from the people, and it has appeared to his saints.
When the sons of the prophets saw him who was over against Jericho, they said, The Spirit of Elijah is at Elisha. They came and met him, and fell down before him.
You brought the wild animal, and boiled it, and made me eat it. I will bless you before Yahweh in the end of my life.'
But those who saw that they were weak are more important than those who saw them.
God visited the children of Israel, and Yahweh knew their works.
Abram said to king Sodom, I have sworn by the Lord Yahweh, the Most High in heaven and earth,
I, king Artaxerxes, sent letters to all the rulers beyond the River, saying, Ezra the priest, the scribe, the scribe of the law of God, whatever you shall ask of him, and whatever you shall do;
Boaz spoke to the young man, saying, If he has gleaned among the flocks, let him be still; don't let him be disappointed.
They called for a false witness, and said, This man spoke against this temple and against Moses in a moment of time.
If the bondservant of God is once cleansed from sin, and there is no more sin in his heart, then he shall offer no more sacrifice.
The foot shall tread down, the feet of the poor, and the steps of the afflicted.
Make me pure, God. Make me a spirit of uprightness.
But God sent to them prophets, to bring them again to Yahweh. The prophets testifyed to them, but they didn't listen.
The mercy due to God is not the desire of man, nor the might of man, but the mercy due him to God.
He who commands me, The Lord, buys the potter's field.
Joshua said, What have you done to us? Yahweh will do to you this day. All Israel stoned him with stones, and burned him with fire, and stoned him with stones.
Therefore the rest of the presidents and the satraps sought vanity in the king's house to testify against Daniel: but they didn't seek his vanity and his disobedience; for he was faithful; therefore they didn't seek his error and his disobedience.
When the people saw the thunder of brass, the voice of lightning, and the sound of trumpets, and the smoke of the mountains, the people saw, and trembling and standing afar off;
There is a man in your kingdom, and a spirit of holy gods is in him: in the days of your father's life there is light in him, and understanding, and wisdom, as the wisdom of gods; and your father Nebuchadnezzar the king, who made him prince over your father, as the magicians, and as the enchanters, and as the Chaldeans, and as the chief of the sorcerers.
Immediately he spoke to them, saying, I am your heart, and don't be afraid.
I filled him with the Spirit of God, and gave him wisdom, understanding, knowledge, and all manner of workmanship;
How long will this land mourn, the grass and the herds of the whole kingdom? for the wickedness of the inhabitants of it, and the livestock, and the birds of the sky, are perished: for they say, He has not seen our end.
Neither shall you commit adultery.
They have laid their abominations in the house which is called by my name, and have defiled it.
The apostles returned, and told him what they had done. He took them away from the city that is called Bethsaida.
I will set my face against that man, and cut him off from among the people; for he has given him sons and daughters to Molech, to profane my sanctuary, and to profane my holy name.
My eyes are dim, and my eyes are dim. My members are like shadows.
He put the earth on the foundation of it, that it might never be moved.
Above his head was the superscription of the accusation, saying, This is the King of the Jews.
But if anyone doesn't receive you, let him take away your dust from their city, and chasten you, and chasten you, and choose it for them.
Speak to the children of Israel, and take the vial of oil that is sent for light, that it may be given to you, and that the lamp may be lit continually.
Don't be conformed to the lust of the Gentiles who don't know God.
Elijah said to him, Don't be afraid. Be gone, and do what you have said. But first bring me to me as a piece of cake, and then bake me for you and for your son.
Therefore I am afflicted, but I am not ashamed; for I know my faith, and believe that he will keep me from my work, even until the day of the Lord.
The waters of the sea have devoured us.
For now they will say, We are not king; for we don't fear Yahweh. What will the king do for us?
He said, Do you know what I am for you? Now I am going to return to fight against the angel of Persia. I went away. Behold, the angel of Greece is coming.
Keep your lips, And keep your lips from knowledge.
one male goat for a sin offering;
You girded your waist with strength, And caused the mountains to stand in safety with strength.
But if they will not believe you, nor believe the first sign, says Yahweh, then they will believe the second sign.
David said, Yahweh will save me from the heat of the lion and from the heat of the bear; and he will deliver me out of the hand of this Philistine. Saul said to David, Go, Yahweh will be with you.
Don't be surprised at me, saying, Worship!'
Then king Ahasuerus answered Esther the queen, and said, Who has done this thing in his heart? Where is the man?
If we are in trouble, it is to comfort you and to save; and if we are comforted, it is to comfort you, that strength may be added to our affliction.
There we found a boat to go to Phoenicia, and we got out of the boat.
He has shot in my north with arrows of the earth.
In the valley, in the midst of the bare stones, is your portion: these are your inheritances which you have gotten; and you drink of them, and offer of their offerings: for shall I comfort my soul with all these things?
because he was a more excellent mediator in this matter.
He said to them, Now draw out the water, and bring it to the table. They brought it to him.
David came to the house of Ahimelech; and David was the tongue of this teaching, and gave to the rulers. Why do you boast that the mighty man is evil? The loving kindness of God endures forever.
Yahweh will make the earth of you a dust, and a sand, and it will rain on you from the sky until you are consumed.
Do you want to walk in the way of ancient men, In the way of the wicked?
and their meal offering and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs, according to their number, after the ordinance;
then the man shall shave up the door of the man; but he shall not put up the poles; and the priest shall isolate the man who was born seven days.
Therefore I have endured all things for the chosen of God, that they also may receive the salvation of Christ Jesus, and the eternal glory.
Yahweh gives strength to his people. Yahweh gives peace to his people.
He allowed no one to do them wrong, But for their sake he chastised the kings.
You shall observe to do all that I command you; you shall not increase, nor diminish.
He brought me forth into the outer court, and brought me into the separate chamber that was opposite the separate chamber: and the chamber was toward the north, and over against the house.
Abimelech went up to Mount Salemon, he and his men. Abimelech took the axe in his hand, and cut a branch of wood, and put it on his shoulder, and said to the men who were with him, See what I have done, and hurry to do it. Abimelech and his men went up to Mount Salemon.
Take heed to yourselves, lest your heart be deceived, so that you turn aside, and serve other gods, and worship them.
Therefore no one can say that you are baptized in my name.
Consider the birds of the sky. They don't sow, they don't reap, they don't gather in the barns. Your Father feeds them. Aren't you more honorable than the birds of the sky?
Paul answered him, I am a Jew, born in Caesarea of Cilicia, a city famous for its name. Please let me speak to the people.
David said to him, Your blood is on your head; for your mouth has testified, saying, I have killed Yahweh's anointed.
There was a great increase in the fields of their land, and in the king's chambers.
Who has made a godless image, And made an unprofitable image?
But the princes of the children of Ammon said to Hanun, David sent to comfort you, saying, Is it that he honors your father? isn't it that his servants come to you to spy out the earth, to search out and to destroy it?
The Jews answered him, We stoned you not for good, but for God's sake, because you profaned him. You were but a man, yet you were called God.
You have forgiven all their sins. Selah.
The king said to Nathan the prophet, Behold, I dwell in a house of cedar: nevertheless the ark of Yahweh dwells in a veil.
He was sixteen years old when he began to reign; and he reigned fifty-two years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Jehoriah of Jerusalem.
He will repay them according to each man's ways.
When it was time to feast, the whole land was darkened, and to the ninth hour.
Jeroboam reigned twenty-two years, and lay with his fathers. Nadab his son reigned in his place.
They shall be as serpents in the dust, as in the ground, and shall tremble out of its windows; and they shall be afraid to Yahweh our God, and they shall be dismayed at you.
Shabbethai and Jehozabad, chief men of the Levites, were over the house of God.
Better is he who trusts in Yahweh than he who trusts in the king.
Yahweh said to Cain, Why are you angry? Why do you set your face?
A fool's guidance, the teacher of the youth. For you think that there is law, and that knowledge and truth are full.
He said, Do as you say. So he sent them out, and they went. He bound the cords of scarlet thread on the windows.
Heth the dead body and the ashes were in all the valleys of the rock, and in all the fields, even to the brook Kidron; and all the corners of the gate of the horse toward the east shall be holy to Yahweh; there shall be none plucked up, there shall be no overthrow, there shall be forever.
On the eighth day they appointed a solemn assembly; for they kept the altar seven days, and the feast was kept seven days.
Philip arose, and departed. He found an Aishopiah eunuch in the way, an avenger of wealth for Kantach the queen of Aishopiah.
Isn't your eyes, Yahweh, faithful? you strike them, and they don't grieve. You destroy them, and they don't want to be taught. They make their faces stiffer than stones, and they don't want to return.
The word of Yahweh came to Elijah, saying,
Forgive this people according to your great loving kindness, as you have forgiven them from Egypt even to this day.
Jesus answered them, The Son of Man is now in his glory.
The king commanded Hilkiah the high priest, and the priests who were on the second side, and the officers who were on the porters, to bring forth the vessels made by Baal, and by Asherah, and all the army of the sky, out of the house of Yahweh, to burn them in the field of the brook Kidron, which is beyond Jerusalem, to Bethel.
For Yahweh is coming, and he will judge the whole earth. He will judge the world according to righteousness, And will judge all peoples according to his truth.
Far be it from the sons of Jacob, Neither shall there be any divination in Israel; For in those days Jacob and Israel will say, God has done great things.
Joshua took all the cities of the kings, and all their kings, and struck them with the edge of the sword, and utterly destroyed them, as Moses the servant of Yahweh commanded.
When they came to Abel, which is in Beth Maacah, they besieged him; and they built heaps outside of the city, and he built them over against the city: and Joab and all the people who were with him cities to overthrow him.
and his virgin sister with him, that he may defile himself with him.
When you are come to the place where God's firstborn is gathered, their name is written in heaven. When you come before the God of the peoples, you come to the souls of the righteous who are in holiness.
Rebekah's brothers and her mother said, Please let the young lady and we stay with us for ten days, until she has gone away.
You shall lay your hand on the head of the goat, and kill it before Yahweh in the place where the burnt offering is killed; it is a sin offering.
The men of Jabesh Gilead heard of all that the Philistines had done to Saul.
The first name of it was Pishom, who was sixteen years old in all the land of Hara. There was a gold molding there.
There is no way for the shepherd to flee, Nor for the head of the flock to escape.
He stretches out the north over the sky, And hangs it on a bare land.
At the first part of every seven days you shall gather every man according to his own need, and lay up his own money, that I not begin to be there any more.
He spoke to Zion, saying, Your God is king; and his feet mount up to the top of the mountain, and his steps to the beauty of the good news, and his good news, and his good news, and his good news, and his good news, and his good news, and his salvation, he spoke to Zion, saying, Your God is king; and his foot ascends to the top of the mountain, and his steps to the beauty of the good news.
and on it three branches of a tree were laid, and the flowers were opened, and one cluster of grapes was laid out after them.
(Behold, the land of the Chaldeans is no more; the Assyrians have given her to be a dwelling place of animals: they have built their towers, they have destroyed their palaces, they have made them a desolation.)
My bones are thorns in the night. Pains take hold of me, but they don't cease.
Rejoice in Yahweh, you righteous, And praise Yahweh, you who are upright.
The children of Benjamin said, They are still put to death before us. The children of Israel said, Let us flee, and cause them to flee from the city to the highways.
and the Hebrews passed over the Jordan to the land of Gath and Gilead; and the people trembled, and followed him, even Saul, in Gilgal.
and what he did to the army of Egypt, and to their horses, and to their chariots, when they pursued after you, how Yahweh made the waters of the Red Sea to overflow them, and destroyed them to this day;
But you were given to the Nazirite to drink wine, and to the prophet, saying, Don't prophesy.
There were six Levites on the east, four on the north, and four on the north, and four on the south, two on the south, and two on the south.
Hear, our God; for we are despised: turn their blasphemies on their heads, that they may be plundered in the land of captivity.
When the ten heard of it, they were angry with James and John.
The house that I will build will be great, For our God is great above all gods.
He delivered all that he had into Joseph's hand, and took away all that he had eaten from him, and didn't know all that he had. Joseph was deceitful and deceitful.
When will God turn his hand to me, And let me go free for a little while, That I may swallow myself up?
Haven't you known it? Haven't you heard it? Yahweh, the God of everlasting, who made the foundation of the earth, he doesn't hunger, neither does he consider it; and his wisdom is without counsel.
For who has heard such things as these? or who has seen such things? Shall a day be established? shall a time be fulfilled for the people? but the daughter-in-law of Zion shall be born.
He who girds up my waist with strength, Who perfects my ways.
He who curses his father or his mother shall surely be put to death.
I have neither eaten the governor nor my brothers from the time that I was made governor in the land of Judah, from twenty years old and twenty years old even to thirty-two years old.
Each silver platter was one hundred thirty shekels, and every silver bowl seventy shekels; and every silver bowl, after the shekel of the sanctuary, was two thousand four hundred shekels.
He set the wood in order, and cut the calf into pieces, and put it on the wood, and said, Fill the four bowls of water, and pour them on the burnt offering and on the wood.
He waved all that he had in Aaron's hand, and in his son's hand, and waved it for a wave offering before Yahweh.
The king of Israel said to his servants, Don't you know that Ramoth, Gilead, is ours? Haven't we kept silence from the hand of the king of Syria?
I will sell your sons and your daughters among the hands of the children of Judah; and they shall sell them to the men of Sheba, even to the far country, says Yahweh.
Babylon is utterly overthrown and destroyed. Let her weep and take frankincense, and love her; peradventure it will be healed.
Rejoice, Mount Zion, for your judgments are right; Rejoice, you cities of Judah.
When no man pursues, they will stumble together like those before the sword. You won't stand before your enemies.
The Egyptians have dealt ill with us, and have afflicted us, that we may labor.
Blessed be the King who comes in the name of the Lord, Who blesses the Most High in peace and glory.
Though you offer a burnt offering and your meal offering to me, I have no pleasure in it: you offer fatlings for a sacrifice of peace offerings, and I will not give it.
It will happen, when the children go, that they will go on every side, and not turn back in the days of their journey.
If it causes it to spread on the skin, then the priest shall pronounce him unclean. It is a plague.
Yahweh will make you a reed, and cast you into a broad place, as one who casts out his hand; and he who is a reproach to your master's house shall die there; and your chariots of glory shall be there.
Since the days of the judges over Israel, until the time of the kings of Israel and of the kings of Judah, there has not been a Passover like this.
That the world may know your mighty acts, The majesty of your Kingdom, And your glory.
Pharaoh brought in great multitudes of soldiers and many people, and could not help them in battle in the day that they built the heaps, and the heaps of brass to cut off many people.
But the saints of the Most High shall have the kingdom, and shall continue in the dominion of it forever and ever.
You shall not love your neighbor's house, neither your neighbor's wife, nor your servant, nor your female servant, nor your ox, nor your donkey, nor all that your neighbor has.
Therefore Yahweh has rewarded me according to my righteousness, and according to the cleanness of my eyes.
He broke down the high places, and broke down the pillars, and cut down the Asherim, and broke in pieces the serpents that Moses had made; for then the children of Israel burnt incense from him, and called him Nehush Dan.
But he said to me, You can't build a house for my name; for you are a man of war, and shed blood.'
Then I bought the field of Anathoth, the son of Hanamel, my uncle's son, and weighed the price of it, and weighed it twelve shekels.
Let another man whom I sow eat, And the root of the seed of my seed pluck up.
and their meal offering and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs, according to their number, after the ordinance;
They tied the nobles to the hands, and hanged them on the earth; and they saw the face of the sluggard, and didn't honor him.
Then he revealed the riches of his glory, the majesty of his beauty, and honor, and many days, even one hundred eighty days.
On the east side were hangings for the lodges, and three for the one side, and three for the other side; and on the other side were hangings for the posts.
Nadab did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh; and he walked in the way of his father, and made his father to sin against Israel.
The Lord God gave the adversary into your hand to praise him. Abram took a part in all that he had gotten, and gave it to Melchizedek.
I have longed for you with my heart, and have sought you with my spirit in the morning; for the inhabitants of the earth shall learn righteousness when you judge the earth.
He put white branches in the flocks, water and water, and set them against the flocks. When the flocks came to drink water, they clapped with them.
Aristarchus, a worker of brass, deals harshly with me, and the Lord will repay him according to his work.
David was then in the stronghold; and the garrison of the Philistines was at Bethlehem.
You shall set his name there in the place which Yahweh shall choose, from your flock, and from your herd, and from the livestock of the Passover, to sacrifice to Yahweh your God.
David's servant came to Abigail to Carmel, and said to him, David has sent us to you, to take you as wife.
Jerubbaal the son of Joash went up to his house.
Peter said to Jesus, Lord, it is good for us to be here. If you want me, I will make three tents here, and give you one to Moses, and one to Elijah.
Their quiver is an open tomb. They are all mighty men.
Now I have exhorted the elders of you by the ministry of the elders. I am also a witness of Christ, and I will be partakers of the glory that is to be revealed.
Then Jesus remembered his disciples. Don't tell anyone that he is the Christ.
To those who see pride, To those who hide pride, And tread the wicked in the land where they stand.
Thus Yahweh delivered Hezekiah, and all the inhabitants of Jerusalem, out of the hand of Sennacherib king of Assyria, and out of all the adversary's hand, and in peace round about.
Will you be angry with us forever? Will you continue in your anger forever?
You shall ridicul the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the
You shall make a plate of pure gold, and you shall write on it, According to the ordinances of the seal, HOLY TO YAHWEH.
You didn't put his words into your heart, because you didn't believe him who sent him.
When he opened the third seal, I heard the third living creature saying, Come! When I saw it, I saw a raven, and those who sat on the horse took a thorn.
Lord, what shall I wait for? My hope is for you.
Is it lawful for a man to boast? Or when you gnaw, don't you be disappointed?
The meal offering and the drink offering shall not go to the house of Yahweh: and all the priests who minister to Yahweh mourn.
You shall keep the feast of Yahweh seven days in the seventh month, and your increase in the seventh month; the first day shall be a holy rest, and the eighth day a holy rest.
As a bird that wanders from his place, As a bird that wanders from his place, So is he who wanders from his place to his place.
Isaiah said, Yahweh will perform that which he has spoken. This is the sign that Yahweh will give you.
The lord of the house was very angry, and put him into prison, until he had made a full end of setting up his tent of meeting.
There were murmurers in the cities of many peoples, and the spirit of the wounded mourned: but God didn't look at that unrighteousness.
Joseph went and buried his father. All the servants of Pharaoh, and the elders of the house of Pharaoh, and all the elders of the land of Egypt, were with him.
For there is a troop, and there is snow in it.
Rise up, Yahweh, and fight against the enemy, and strike him; And deliver my soul from the hand of the wicked with your sword.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Five of you shall flee one hundred times, and ten thousand of you shall flee; and the enemy shall fall by the sword before you.
Yahweh said to me, It is good that they should speak.
The inheritance of the Simeonites is of the children of Judah's inheritance; for the portion of the Jews is too great for them: therefore the Simeonites are taken in the midst of their inheritance.
I will cast the abominations of filthiness on you, and will show you dishonor, and will show you eyes.
The birds were in it, And the snuffers were in the midst of the fir trees.
So we are your people, And your pasture, To give thanks to you forever, And to praise your name forever and ever.
Haven't you saved us yet, And caused your people to rejoice in you?
He recognized him, who was sitting at the door of the temple at the same time asking for the man, and marveled at the things which happened to him.
For God gives food to all living things, For his loving kindness endures forever.
You vowed a vow to God, and vowed no slackness: for he who doesn't delight in foolishness, you shall pay the vow.
You shall winnow them, and the wind shall chastise them, and the whirlwind shall sweep them away: but you shall rejoice in Yahweh, and rejoice in the Holy One of Israel.
Woe to the sinful nation, to the sinners, to the wicked, and to the corrupt children! For they have forsaken Yahweh, and despised the Holy One of Israel, and have turned their backs and their way with him.
Therefore I delight in your commandments above gold, And above pure gold.
This is my covenant with you, as with my father and with your father: now therefore, I have sent you silver and gold, that you may break the covenant between me and Baasha king of Israel, and that he may depart from me.
Therefore thus says Yahweh to me, If you return, then I will cause you to return and stand before me; and if you choose the best of all, then you shall be my proverb: they shall surely return to you, but you shall not return to them.
A rich man is wise in his own eyes, But a wise man sees him out of his sight.
Yahweh blessed Noah, and his sons, and said to them, Be fruitful, and multiply, and fill the earth.
and the first of our dough, and the present of our wave offerings, and all the fruit of the trees, new wine and oil, and bringing it to the priests, to bring it into the house of our God, to give to the Levites the tithe of the fruit of the ground, for the Levites possessed the tithe of the city which we brought up.
Your name endures forever, Yahweh. You, Yahweh, shall be known forever and ever.
God is faithful, and we don't speak directly to you, neither do we speak directly to you.
I have declared to the king what I have done. My tongue is like the breastplate of my mother's mother-in-law.
When I go about in the city, and see your places where you worship, there is an altar on it, and it is written above, A spirit that doesn't know.' You worship the spirit that is not known to you, but I will tell you now.
But he is my rock and my salvation. He is my stronghold and I will not be moved.
It happened at the end of three years, that I went to worship at Jerusalem with Peter, and to stay fifteen days with him.
God brought him forth out of Egypt, like the strength of an ox. He devoured the nations of his enemies, and broke their bones. He sent arrows over them.
He said to his disciples, Let them reap in abundance, and let them be few in number.
It happened on the third day, that Pharaoh's birthday came, and he made a feast to all his servants, and killed both the chief cupbearer and the chief baker before them.
Now there was a sick man, whose name was Lazarus, who lived in Bethany, the village of Mary, and Martha, her sister's brother.
Elijah answered them, If I am a man of God, let fire come down out of heaven, and devour you and fifty men with you. Yahweh's fire came down out of heaven, and devoured him and the fifty men with him.
Then all Israel were divided into two parts: the other half followed Tibni the son of Chenad, to make him king; and the other half followed Omri.
When they had found him, they brought him to Antioch. They were gathered together with the assembly in one year, teaching many. They were called Christ, and began from Antioch.
It is better for you to come to Jesus, the mediator of the new covenant, and to come to the blood which is sprinkled, than for the blood of Abel.
Therefore the children of Israel shall not stand before their enemies; for they have turned their backs before their enemies, because they are cursed: and if you don't offer the devoted thing, I will no more be with you out of the midst of you.
He arose early in the morning, and they all swore one to another. Isaac sent them away, and they went away in peace.
According to the commandment of Yahweh, which he commanded Joshua, he gave to Caleb the son of Jephunneh for an inheritance of Kiriath Arba (the same is Hebron); and Arba is the father of the Anakim.
Now therefore hear what Yahweh says. He said, Arise, and plead your case before the mountains, that the mountains may hear your voice.
Samuel declared to the people the kingdom, and wrote it in a book, and put it before Yahweh: and afterward Samuel scattered all the people abroad, and went every man to his house.
Take wisdom, and understanding, according to the tribes; and understanding, and understanding; that I may make them prince over you.
Let's entreat one another to do good and love.
When he had made an end of saying this, Festus cried out, Paul, you are crazy! How much more abundantly have you shown yourself to be exalted!
If you see a donkey lying in wait for your hated one, don't turn aside; but you shall avenge the years of your donkey with it.
Isaac was sore afraid, and trembled, and said, Who is he? Give me that which he has struck before you come. I ate, and blessed him, and he will be blessed.
For the righteous stumble seven times, and will rise again. The wicked are overthrown in their calamity.
then hear in your habitation in heaven, and do according to all that the nations have asked of you, that all the heavens and the earth may know your name, and fear you, as your people Israel; and that they may know that this house which I have built is called by your name.
Leah said, God has given me my wages, because I gave my handmaid to my husband. She named him Issachar.
It shall happen, when you have executed it, that there shall be king over David, who shall sit on the throne, with his servants, and with his people, or with his chariots, or with his horsemen, who shall go out to enter into the gate of this house.
one young bull, one ram, one male lamb a year old, for a burnt offering;
He has delivered me from all my adversaries. My eye has seen my adversaries with recompense.
But Yahweh said to Samuel, Don't look at his jealousy, and at the greatness of his body, which I have withheld: for Yahweh looks not as man sees, but as man sees, Yahweh sees in his heart.
If they return to you, if they acknowledge your name, and pray to you in this house, if they sin against you, your people Israel, because you have slain them;
But Moses, when he had sanctified it, took a stone, and laid it under him, and sat on the top of the stone: and Aaron and Hur took hold of the hand, and put the one on this side, and the other on that side; and he was quiet in his hand until the going down of the day.
Don't harden your heart, as when your fathers rebelled, Today, if you hear the voice of God.
If a animal is stolen out of the keeper's house, he shall be freed from his master's house.
David said to the angel, Thus shall you tell Joab, Don't trouble this thing; for the sword has slain him, and he will not be able to do it; but fight against the city, and overthrow it.
He will let them obey his statutes, And keep his ordinances. Praise Yah!
You shall set apart the land which Yahweh your God gives you to possess it, and to divide it into three branches; and you shall open the way for the slain, that they may flee there.
Behold, the kings are gathered together, and they pass by together.
The charmer also scatters it, and the salt is taken away by the oil; for he doesn't draw his sword out of his belly, but goes out over his back.
He measured the first house that was before the separate place, and the other porch that was on the one side, one hundred cubits long, and measured the inner house and the porch of the court.
But Paul didn't consider it to be so; for he had left them in Pamphylia, and had done no regular work with them.
The Danites looked behind them, and said to Micah, What is this that you have gathered together?
Now I know that Yahweh is greater than the gods, to the proudness of the Egyptians who deal with this people.
Samuel said, Bring Agag king of Amalek to me. Agag kissed him, and came to him. Agag said, The sorrows of death shall pass over.
To Pharaoh and his army he was cast into the Red Sea; for his loving kindness endures forever.
When I have now passed through Macedonia, I will come to you.
Jesus cried with a loud voice, He who believes in me doesn't believe me, but him who sent me.
Rejoice always.
The coming of the Son of Man will be like Noah.
Woe to those who take houses and fields, so that they don't leave the land; but you stand alone in that land.
When the man comes to the third day, he shall cleanse himself with the water. On the seventh day he shall be clean. If he is unclean on the third day, he shall be unclean on the seventh day.
They came to him, and said to him, Why do you speak parables to them?
You shall prophesy of it among the nations, and shall prepare for war, and shall stir up the mighty, and shall cause all the men of war to swear.
If his hand is stoned to death, so that he dies, he is a murderer; and the murderer shall surely be put to death.
For Haman the son of Hammedatha the Agagite, the enemy of the children of Judah, had made a conspiracy against the children of Judah, and destroyed them, and plucked Pur, which is for the spoil, and destroyed them;
God who created and tested all things, to bring in and to glorify many sons and daughters, that the way of salvation may be perfected in Jesus the prophetess, who was afflicted.
They broke down the pillars of Baal, and destroyed the house of Baal, and made him a wall to this day.
Then the priest shall examine him, and, behold, if the plague has faded away, then he shall tear him from his garment, or from his woof, or from his woof.
He shall kill the bull before Yahweh: and Aaron's sons, the priests, shall offer the blood, and sprinkle the blood on the door of the tent of meeting, and on the altar round about.
Go, stand in the temple, and proclaim to all men the word of life.
He restores the iniquity of the wicked to themselves; He will destroy them when they do evil. Yahweh our God will destroy them.
Cursed be the day that I was born, And blessed be the day that my mother bore me.
For the truth of the Good News, which you will be able to keep, we don't deny one.
Thus says Yahweh, Behold, I will bring evil on this place, and on the inhabitants of it, even on the curses which they have written before the king of Judah.
He went and called the porters, and told the king's house.
The high places which Jeroboam the son of Nebat had built for Israel to sin in the altar of Bethel, and in the place of which Jeroboam the son of Nebat had made them: now Josiah had destroyed the altar and the high places, and had burnt the high places of it, and had burned the Asherah with dust.
The priest shall take them for a wave offering, and wave them before Yahweh: and it shall be a holy thing, and a holy thing to the priest, and afterward a Nazirite shall drink wine.
Grace to you and peace from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
The wicked think in their heart, You will not seek salvation. Why has he despised God?
If you make your brother's heart bitter for food, then your works shall not be of love; neither shall you destroy him for his own food.
He removes mountains, and the mountains don't know. He brings down the nations in anger.
God doesn't call us to live in uncleanness, but through sanctification.
Thus shall you tell each man his neighbor, and every man his brother, saying, What has Yahweh answered? or what has Yahweh spoken?
that your faith may be established before our God our Father, and before his saints, when he comes again.
Deliver me from the evil-doers, And deliver me from those who desire life.
They shall inquire of the priests and the judges of the Levites, and they shall judge you.
To see my hand and my feet are my own. You touched, and knew, because there was no flesh found. Behold, I have seen them all.
I will call on the Most High God, who has perfected all things concerning me.
They are he who will serve their God, Yahweh, and David their king, whom I will raise up.
But Yahweh was a witness to Israel and Judah through all the prophets and the seers, saying, Keep my commandments and my statutes from your evil works, as I commanded your fathers, and all my servants the prophets, that they have spoken to you in a perfect law.
Jesus said to him, This is he who speaks with you.
Then I opened my mouth, and he gave me the scroll of the book.
Moreover his might was in the midst of our saints, until what was the end.
They said one to another, Who has done this thing? When they had made an end of asking them, they said, This is what Gideon the son of Joash has done.
Jacob rebelled against Laban the Syrian, and fled, and didn't tell him.
The glory of Lebanon, the fir tree, the salt tree, and the sulfur tree, shall be yours together for my holy place, and I will give glory to my footstool.
Speak to all the people of this place, and to the priests, saying, Seventy years shall you come, and mourn for me in the fifth month, in the seventh month, and in the seventh month?
He who loves to be first among you shall be your servant.
You Jerusalemites, lift up your eyes, and look, you men of the north. Where are your beautiful flocks, which you sheep of old have given you?
He took a piece of a piece of an ox, and sent it throughout all Israel, saying, So shall it be, that whoever doesn't go out after Saul and Samuel to do to his oxen. Yahweh made the people afraid, and they brought forth the rivers.
You shall take hold of the wings of the birds, and break them; but you shall not break them; and the priests shall burn them on the wood that is on the fire that is on the altar: it is a burnt offering, an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor to Yahweh.
and give Solomon my son a faithful heart to keep your commandment, and your ordinances, and your statutes, and to do all these things which I have prepared, and to build a house.
Deliver me according to your righteousness. Let me go. Turn your ear to me, and save me.
The seed of Abraham his servant, The seed of Jacob his chosen,
Therefore we have sent Judah and Silas, and they will declare to you and to the cups what they have written.
Behold, the day of Yahweh comes, in which shall be cruelness, wrath, and wrath, and desolation in the land, and the destruction of sinners in the midst of it.
He was buried in the house of his garden of Uzza; and Josiah his son reigned in his place.
In the seventh month, Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, the son of Elisha, the king's son, took ten men with him, and struck Gedaliah, and the Jews who were with him in Mizpah, and the Chaldeans.
I will speak to God, saying, I will not have sin in me. Show me, what have you to do with me?
The king went out, and his household followed him; and the king left ten concubines to keep the house.
But fear Yahweh, and serve him with all your heart and with all your soul; for you shall remember that he has done great things for you.
They brought in the ark of God, and set it in its place, which David had pitched for it, and David offered burnt offerings and peace offerings before Yahweh.
Jacob returned from Paddan Aram, and God appeared to him, and blessed him.
I will not enter into my house's tent, Neither will I dig my bed;
You shall be overthrown by the counsel of the needy; But Yahweh will be their rebuke.
This also is the resurrection of the dead. He who is buried in the dust will consume, and after that he will be no more.
Abijah grew strong, and took the twelve wives, and bore twenty-two sons, and six daughters.
This is the bread which is poured out from heaven, that men may not die.
He said, What is the Kingdom of God? What shall I compare with?
My soul has said to Yahweh, You are my Lord. I have no blessing but you.
The children of the field bore sons, and named them Benjamin, the fathers of the children of Ammon.
Don't reprove an old man, as a father who exhorts his father, and as a brother who exhorts a young man;
So they served him before the throne of God day and night in his temple, and he who sits on the throne guarded them.
If anyone asks you, give him anything. If anyone takes away your stuff, don't ask him again.
English
For we will die always having Jesus dead, that our life also may be revealed in us.
Yahweh, who is able to sojourn in your tent? Who is able to dwell in your holy mountain?
When I was with you, I was very weak, and I was afraid, and trembling.
Saul and his men went to him; and they told David, and he went down to the rock, and lived in the wilderness of Maon. When Saul heard it, he pursued after David in the wilderness of Maon.
The assembly lifted up their voice, and cried with a loud voice, and wept that night.
Yahweh, what is man, that you know him! What is the son of man, that you remember him?
When he was come, he came to him immediately, and called to himself Teacher, and kissed him straight away.
Then Yahweh began to divide the kingdom from Israel, and made it more small. Hazael fought against Israel round about,
For the riches are in vain, but the man who bears a son will have nothing in his hand.
It happened in the days of harvest, that three hundred princes went down to Adullam to David; and the army of the Philistines encamped in the valley of Rephaim.
Yahweh is with me. I will not be afraid. What will man do to me?
Another angel of the angel of fire came out from the altar, and cried out from the sickle that is in the midst of her, saying, With the sickle that is in your body you have gone to gather the cluster of grapes out of the earth, for the vine is ripe.
Depart from his way, and the wicked shall change his mind, And he will have mercy on Yahweh, And will turn to our God, For he will go on his way.
They traveled from Pihahiroth, and passed through the sea into the wilderness: and they traveled three days in the wilderness of Ithon, and encamped in Marah.
For I tell you, there is none who can eat of my table before that.'
He said to them, The prince of the Gentiles is lord over the people. The prince of the Gentiles is called grace.
Then the angel of Yahweh answered, Yahweh of Armies, How long have you not been merciful, seeing you have been angry with Jerusalem and with the cities of Judah seventy years?
Moses took them down from their hand, and burnt them on the burnt offering that was on the altar: it was a holy consecration: it was an offering made by fire to Yahweh for a sweet savor.
Jesus answered them, I told you that I AM. If you seek me, let them go.
Yahweh your God will deliver them up to you, and make them greatly afraid, until they are consumed.
How long, his signs! How long, his wonders! His kingdom is an everlasting nation, and his dominion endures forever!
Dan shall judge his people like one of the tribes of Israel.
Yahweh will shut up the lips of the flattering lips, And will break the tongue of the great ones.
Jephthah said to the elders of Gilead, Take me, and return to the battle against the children of Ammon; and Yahweh will deliver them before me: shall I be your chief?
As you also do, let them be counted righteous, but let them be full of hypocrisy and unrighteousness.
He who eats my flesh and drinks my blood shall have eternal life, and in the end I will raise him up.
For this cause the Jews began to persecute him, because he had healed the people on the Sabbath day.
If a man sees a bird snaring the snare of Seth, he shall seek to catch the birds, or that it not be found.
Elisha said to him, Go, return to him, and say, You shall surely live; but Yahweh has shown me, and he shall surely die.
After this the Levites shall go in to the service of the Tent of Meeting: you shall cleanse them, and offer them for a wave offering;
You teach others, and don't teach yourself? You teach no one to steal, but you steal yourself?
When he saw him, he fell down and cried before him, Lord Jesus, the Son of God, what have I to do with you? Don't make me suffer.
The chief of the fathers' houses in the second month was Dadai the Ahohite, and Miklot the captain; and in his division were twenty-four thousand men.
Jehoram was thirty-two years old when he began to reign; and he reigned eight years in Jerusalem: and he didn't remember him from off the surface of the earth, but they buried him in the city of David; but he was not in the tombs of kings.
Ephron answered Abraham,
The soldiers gave him a drink of the wine of bitterness. He would not drink of it.
All the families of the people shall give to Yahweh power and glory, to Yahweh.
For as long as you have spent it, you shall be called this day, and you shall be forgiven it day by day, that there not be among you a man who will cause iniquity to perish, and will be hardened.
Two parts of it shall be fickle; it shall be joined to it on the two sides.
For all the strangers of the house of Israel, and all the strangers who live as foreigners in Israel, who are separated from me, and take their idols in their heart, and put the stumbling block of their iniquity in their sight, and come to the prophet, who seeks to inquire of me concerning himself, I, Yahweh, will answer them themselves.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
He said to his father, Ask now for a little while, and let me go up two months, that I may go up to the mountain with my companions, and weep for my virginity all my days.
Brother who betrays him will be put to death, and his father will be the father of children. Children will rise up against parents, and kill them.
But Yahweh didn't put away his fierce anger, the wrath of his wrath toward Judah, because of the provocation with which Manasseh provoked him to anger.
I will multiply on you all that is in the house of Israel; and cities shall be inhabited, and waste places shall be built.
Go, my daughter, I am old, I can't stand any more. If I say, I have hope, and if I have husbands, I have husbands, night and night,
Joseph bought all the land of Egypt for Pharaoh, and the Egyptians sold every man his land, because of the famine. The land was Pharaoh's.
Joseph was thirty years old when he came to Pharaoh king of Egypt. Joseph went out from the presence of Pharaoh, and went throughout all the land of Egypt.
Yahweh commanded Moses in Mount Sinai, even in the wilderness of Sinai, that the children of Israel should offer a present to Yahweh in the day of his offering.
You will not receive me in the name of my Father. If any man comes in his own name, you will receive him.
Philip said to him, Lord, show us the Father, and we will be satisfied.
Those who dwell in the land trembles because of your signs. You make them glad, all of them, from the going down of the sun.
Nevertheless I must do this day, and tomorrow, and after this day; for the prophet must not be put to death except in Jerusalem.
From that time he began to preach, saying, Repent, for the Kingdom of Heaven is at hand!
When they had gathered money out of Jason, and out of the rest of them, they let them go.
Go up to Lebanon, and weep; and lift up your voice at Bashan, and cry out of Abarim; for all your love is destroyed.
The one pillar was eighteen cubits high, and the two cubits round about; and the four stories were four, and the middle of them empty.
When they had made an end of speaking to him, he said to them, The prophet will be honored, where he is, in his own country, and in his own house.
You shall rejoice in the waste of the house of Israel; so will I do to you: and you shall be desolate on Mount Seir, and all the land of Edom shall be desolate. They shall know that I am Yahweh.
Passing through Pilate, they came to Pamphylia.
Nicodemus said to him, Why are men so old, that they should come to their mother's womb again?
John always said to Herod, You ought not to take a wife of your brothers.
For Christ has not sinned, Neither has he heard falsehood.
So Edom revolted from under the hand of Judah to this day; and the Libnah revolted at that time.
Yahweh has done to you according to the word which he spoke by me; Yahweh has taken the kingdom out of your hand, and given it to David your man.
For I know that your prayer and the Holy Spirit of Jesus Christ are in vain. I will be freed, I will be freed.
You have given her the desire of her soul. You have taken all that her mouth asks for. Selah.
He made the altar of altars for those who sinned against their souls; because they offered them before Yahweh: therefore it was holy, that the children of Israel might be made a border.
A wicked man takes bribes secretly, And causes justice to be turned back.
You inhabitants of Dibon, descend from the glory of your soul, and sit in the dry land; for the Moabites are come up against you, and have destroyed your strongholds.
Turn your ear, Job, and hear my words. Hold your peace, and I will speak.
The voice of Yahweh was astonished at the camels, and he bore children; and he made the trees of the forest six and light: and all who were in the house cried, and they glorified Yahweh.
They sought me day by day, and rejoiced, and found my way, as a righteous people, and didn't depart from the law of their God. They asked me to judge righteously, and rejoiced, and came near to God.
and for the blood of him who shed innocent blood, because he filled Jerusalem with innocent blood, that Yahweh would not forgive.
You have caused the widow to return empty. The arms of the fatherless are broken.
I will leave it that which is left of my inheritance, and deliver it into the hand of the enemy; and they shall be an adversary to all their enemies, whom they have taken captive:
Joab went to the king, and said, What have you done? Behold, Abner comes to you; why have you sent him away? now he is departed.
The priest shall dip his finger in the blood, and sprinkle the blood seven times before Yahweh, from the veil of the sanctuary.
Now, brothers, our heart isn't far from you, it is a division of our flesh that we part with you, that we should see you outside.
No one who sat at the table knew that Jesus would speak to him this word.
If he doesn't render these three things to the earth, then he shall go free from it, and not redeem it with money.
But you are come into Mount Zion, into the city of the living God, into Jerusalem of the heavens, where are thousands and ten thousands of angels.
and the king listened to them, and set up a troop, and horses, and chariots of chariots, according to all that you were thrown down; and we fought against them in the plain, and could not prevail.
Now therefore, please forgive my sin, and go up with me, that I may worship Yahweh.
Therefore thus says the Lord Yahweh: The dead that you put in this city are flesh, and this city is caldron; but you shall be driven out of it.
The same man, the Lord of the place, said to us, If you want me to know that you are honest men, leave me one of your brothers, that you may bring your grain again, and save the famine in your house.
I, Paul, greet you with my own hand.
I will turn your feasts into mourning, And your song into lamentation, And I will cause all men to gird themselves with sackcloth, And have no hair on their heads, And will make them mourn like the only animal, And die until the end like the day of bitterness.
For you are the glory of their strength. Because you have delighted in us, our horns will be exalted.
Then came Isaiah the prophet to king Hezekiah, and said to him, What said these men? and whence came they to you? Hezekiah answered, They are come to me from a far country, from Babylon.
Therefore this teaching is not forsaken, but forsakes the Holy Spirit.
Now my spirit is very perplexed within me. Days of trouble have held me up.
I saw him walking by the ram, and he kindled a great anger toward him, and beat the ram, and broke his two horns: and the sheep were not able to stand before him; and he set the ram on the ground, and trod him down; and there was not a man able to deliver the sheep out of his hand.
He said, When the Jews had spoken good, and had planned to bring Paul before the first, they would have asked you tomorrow to bring Paul to the council.
His sons went, as in their own days, to set up a feast for each of their brothers; and they sent to call their three sisters to eat and to drink with them.
Cast down your veil with a millstone. Put away your veil, and strip off your robe, and uncover your legs, and go over the brook.
Most assuredly I tell you, when you are young, you bind yourself, and go to a place where you desire to go; but when you are old, put forth your hand, and bind you, and bring you to a place where you don't want to go.
and he built Barak, and all the storage cities of Solomon, and the cities of the chariots, and the cities of the horsemen, and Solomon in Jerusalem, and in Lebanon, and in all the land of his dominion, and in all his pleasures.
The men of Jerusalem and the men of Judah were carried away captive to Babylon; and all the men of Jeremiah were carried away captive by the captains of the guard, and bound him with fetters: and they departed from Ramah, and came to Jeremiah to the word of Yahweh.
Sit still, daughter of the Chaldeans, and enter into the secret; for you shall no more be called the mistress of the nations.
He said, I will execute judgment on them the kingdom of bondage. Afterward I will bring them out, and worship me in this place.'
The king's wrath roared like a lion. His favor was like the dew of the grass.
Then said he to his sons, It is a good time for him to come up. They said, The days are a few, and the days are many.
What shall we say then? Who is he who is against us, if God is for us?
Cursed be he who receives bribes, and kills the innocent. All the people shall say, Amen.
Neither shall you set up for yourself any pillars that are engraved, which Yahweh your God hates.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: On the day when he came down out of Sheol, I made men mourn; and I covered the deep for him, and the rivers of the covenants; and I made Lebanon to faint because of him, and all the trees of the field faint because of him.
The wings of the cherubim were twenty cubits long, and the wing of the one cherub five cubits long, to the wall of the one house; and the wing of the other cherub was five cubits broad, to the wing of the other cherub.
All the Egyptians shall know that I am Yahweh; for they have been a reed without strength to the house of Israel.
and the basket had on it all the things that Pharaoh ate, and the birds came to vex the things that were in the basket that were in my head.
But I tell you, if anyone has a spirit of jealousy in his own heart, and a woman has committed adultery with her,
As he said, I swore in my anger, Surely they will not enter into my Sabbath, but God has accomplished his work in the days of his creation.
He killed the ram; and Moses sprinkled the blood on the altar round about.
Jacob said to Laban, The day is fulfilled. Please give me my wife, that I may go in to her.
All the engravings of the sanctuary were beaten with their axes and with their hammers.
So you consent that he not give to his father, or to his mother, gold.
The sons of Habsenah built the gate of Habsenah; and he set the line of it, and set up the doors of it, and the bolts of it, and the bars of it.
The people of the city said to Elisha, Please see the place of this city, that it is good, as my lord has seen: but the waters are evil, so that the land has no increase.
Blessed be my rock, Yahweh, the rock of my salvation!
and in Ziklag, and Meconah, and the towns of it,
Arise, go to Nineveh, the great city, and lift up your voice, and warn them; for their iniquity is come before me.
He said to the man, Rise up, and go your way. Your faith made you well.
that Satan may not prevail against us, because we know Satan's deceit.
They were bound, and were clothed in mortar, and in robes, and in coats, and in rest garments; and they were thrown into the burning fiery furnace.
So the kingdom of Jehoshaphat was peace; for his God had given him rest round about.
My sister, my bride, I entered into my own garden, and I ate my honey and my honey, my honey and my drink my wine and my breasts. My daughters, my friends, eat, my beloved, drink, and drink much.
There is a stone in the earth, and there is a gold and a dust in it.
Cleanse yourselves, and put away the wickedness of your doings from before my eyes, and hold back your wickedness.
that all may honor the Son as the Father, and the unthankful as the Father, who doesn't honor the Son.
I bought both male and female, and some of them were born in my house, and some of the herds and of the flocks who were before me in Jerusalem.
From the first month, on the first day of the month, the first day of the month began to pass through to the porch of Yahweh's gate, and the eighth day to the house of Yahweh; and to the first month, on the fourteenth day of the month, they finished it.
Is the footstool of a man Yahweh, That he should know his ways?
Yahweh built Jerusalem, and gathered the children of Israel together, and were carried away abroad.
He didn't know that his grain, and his wine and his oil, I gave him, and I increased his silver and his gold. He ministered to Baal with these.
Go to my own land, and take a wife for my son Isaac.
He called his name Joseph, and said, Yahweh increase on me another son.
He made poles of acacia wood, and overlaid them with gold.
Of Naphtali were a thousand captains, who drew shields and spears after them, thirty-seven thousand.
I have tried all things wisely. I said, I will be wise, but wisdom is far from me.
They rose up, and were afraid of all who were round about him, so that they didn't pursue all the sons of Jacob.
and all that was to be done in the midst of the Levites, according to all that Moses commanded, according to all that was written in the hand of Ithamar the son of Aaron the priest.
The woman was beautiful in her face, and she was a virgin, and no one came near to her. She went down to the pit, and filled her chamber.
If the city had blew the trumpet, wouldn't the people be afraid? and if the plague had come on a city, wouldn't it have been that Yahweh had brought it down?
I also saw some of the thrones sitting on it having authority to judge, and I also saw those who spoke for Jesus as witnesses, and the spirits of those who were blind, who didn't worship the image of the beast, nor the image of the beast, nor the appearance of the Christ in their hands.
This is the fire, and it shall burn until it perish; and it shall pluck away all the fruit of my increase.
For whoever there is among your servants, let him die, and we will be servants to my master.
I asked the angel who talked with me, What are these, my lord?
Who knows the mind of the Lord, And who will give account of him?
Saul's uncle said, Please tell me, What did Samuel tell you?
The children of Benjamin, when they fought in the day of the battle, rose up and killed the children of Israel, about thirty men, and said, They have been killed before us, as before.
Out of the tribe of Naphtali, Kedesh of Galilee, the city of refuge for the manslayer, and its suburbs, Hammothor, and its suburbs, and Chalthan, and its suburbs, three cities;
Samuel spoke to the people all the words of Yahweh, saying, These are those who ask of him a king, saying,
Yahweh our Lord, how great is your name in all the earth!
For I have straw to measure the donkey, and wine to give to me, and to my handmaid, and to the young men of my servants who follow me, that there be no lack of anything.
Most assuredly I tell you, one grain or one seed, if it doesn't go down to the ground, it dies, and it is a given; and if it dies, it will yield much grain.
in whom you were filled with all riches and knowledge through Christ.
It shall be a praise and a glory to all the nations, that it shall be my glorious name, and a praise; for all the nations have heard all the good that I have given them, and shall tremble for all the good that I have given them, and for the peace that I have given them.
So Ebedmelech took them with him, and went into the king's house, and came to the inner chamber, and took from there the sickle, and put on his clothes, and put a line into the dungeon, and came to Jeremiah.
For you have taken away many nations, and those who remain of the nations shall take them away; because you have shed blood, and have worked violence in the land, and in the cities, and in the dwellings of it.
So they returned there to the house of the Levite, the young man, to the house of Micah, and greeted him.
When he saw the golden rings, and saw the bracelets in their sister's hand, he heard the words of Rebekah their sister, saying, This is what the man said to me. He went to the man, and saw the man standing by the camels, by the well of water.
They gather themselves together against the souls of the righteous, And condemn the innocent.
then his brother shall come to him before the elders, and take off the man's foot, and spit on his face, and say, Thus shall it be done to him who shall not build up his house for his brother.
Samuel said, Your sword has made the woman childless; so shall your mother be childless of the woman. So Samuel divided Agag into pieces before Gilgal and before Yahweh.
But if he gives an portion of his inheritance to one of his servants, to be a servant until the year of freedom, then it shall be for the prince. As for his inheritance, let it be for his sons.
The top of the base was a talent of gold, and the height of it was half a cubit. Above the base was its shovels, and its sockets, of one piece.
The mountains shall be moved away, and the hills shall be removed; but my loving kindness shall not depart from you, neither shall my peace be removed, says your God.
The children of the chosen ones, who are in your tents, greet you.
She lived in the wilderness of Paran; and her mother took a wife for her out of the land of Egypt.
Therefore in that day, according to the Good News which I preached, God will judge those who are hidden in Christ Jesus.
Yahweh God put the man in the garden of Eden, and planted and kept it.
This also shall be like the dew of Hermon on Mount Zion; for there Yahweh has ordained a blessing, the eternal life.
Now the glory of God is in the temple, and the smoke of power is in it. Until the seven angels come, there is no one who can enter into the temple, until the seven plagues are accomplished.
Solomon made Pharaoh king of Egypt his kinsman, and took Pharaoh's daughter as wife, and brought her into the city of David, until he had built his house, and the house of Yahweh, and the wall that was round about Jerusalem.
If you build a new house, then you shall make man on the housetop, that no man fall from there; and the blood shall be on your house.
They told the Lord's word in the ears of him, and of all his household.
Wisdom will keep you from sexual immorality, And from prophesying the prostitute.
Yahweh said to Jehu, Because you have done good, and have done that which is good in my sight, and have dealt with the house of Ahab in my heart, and your children shall sit on the throne of Israel fourfold.
Don't forsake your friends and your father's friends. In the day of your trouble, don't go to the brother's house. The neighbor is far from his brother.
Another said, I am married, so that I can't go.'
Speak to the children of Israel, and tell them, Let them be their spears on the side of the garment; and let them hang a lace of blue on the beards beside it.
Wail, for the day of Yahweh comes, As destruction from the Almighty.
They shall arise, and go into your palaces, and into your couches, and into your bedchamber, and into your servants' houses; and they shall go up to your people's bodies, and shall enter into your vanities, and into your kneading troughs.
and Jathiel with its suburbs, and Eshtemoh with its suburbs,
It happened after the feast, that as they returned, he was still in Jerusalem. His parents didn't know it.
He said to the king, Thus says Yahweh, Because you have let the man whom I have purposed flee, therefore shall your life be for his life; and your people shall take their place instead of their people.
If therefore he lives with another man, then he will be called an adulteress. If the husband dies, he will be free from this law, not sexual, though he lives with another man.
Yahweh will possess Judah for his inheritance in the holy land, And will choose Jerusalem.
Therefore the Jews reasoned among themselves, saying, Why has this man given us his flesh to eat?
The buds and the flowers were of one piece with it, of pure gold, according to the art of the artificer.
Brothers, though we say this, We believe that you are better than we say, and you can be saved.
The darnel's enemies are the devils'. The harvest is the end of the age of gold, and the harvest is the death of angels.
They cried to the mountains and to the mountains, Fall down, and cover us, that we may escape the face of the throne, and the wrath of the Lamb.
Behold, you are in vain. Your works are in vain. Your chosen are an abomination.
Therefore serve rulers, not only for the fear of God, but also for the love of conscience.
To judge his people, He will call the heavens and the earth to witness.
The bull of the sin offering, and the goat of the sin offering, whose blood is brought into the sanctuary, they shall bring their bodies out outside of the camp, and shall burn their skins, and their flesh, and their dung with fire.
What is love to us in Christ, that we may know, that we also ought to have a life to ourselves, both for our brothers and for our sisters?
The cities of Judah brought out the priests, and they defiled the high places of the incense altar, from Geba even to Beersheba, and broke down the high places of the gates, which were before Joshua the gate of the city, even the way to the gate.
The man of God sent to the king of Israel, saying, Take heed that you don't pass by a wife; for the Syrians are come down there.
For the people rejoiced, because they offered willingly; for they offered up their heart to Yahweh; and king David rejoiced exceedingly.
Your kingdom is come, and your thoughts are done on the earth as in the sky.
He measured the length of the gate toward the north.
Therefore in one day all her plagues will come, and there will be death, mourning, and famine; and she will be devoured with fire, because great power is laid on her Lord God.
Ahaziah hid himself in Samaria; and Jehu sought for him; and they brought him to Jehu, and killed him; and they buried him; for they said, He is the son of Jehoshaphat who sought God with all his heart. So the house of Ahaziah had no power to keep the kingdom.
to recompense the nations, to punish the nations.
I listened to you in my hearing. Now my eyes have seen you.
If my heart be kindled by a woman, Or if I hide myself in the doors of his neighbor's house,
This is the stone, and so is the sand: The anger of the fool is greater than these two.
In the forest it roars like a donkey. Under the thorns it is plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully p
The fear of Yahweh is a root of knowledge. A fool despises wisdom and instruction.
Behold, there is a time between you and God, that you should do evil things in your heart and in your enemies.
The rest took his servants, and profaned them, and killed them.
As a fattened calf in the midst of the camp, they turned and fled away, and could not stand; for the time had come for them to be punished in the day of their calamity.
That the bondservant of God may have a good work of all good work,
I will number Rahab and Babylon in the midst of my people. Behold, Tyre and Philistia are born in Zion.
Jesus answered them, Be careful that no one leads you astray.
As he who calls you is faithful, so he will be perfect for you.
Now there was a man of Zorah, whose name was Manoah, the family of Dan; and his wife was barren and bare.
How can Christ and the devil be reconciled? What is the place of those who believe, and don't believe?
He said to me, All the chambers that were in the open place are holy chambers, on the north, and on the south: the priests who came near to Yahweh shall eat the most holy things, and shall put the most holy things, the meal offering, the sin offering, and the trespass offering, in that place; for the place is holy.
by the way of the eagle in the sky, by the way of the serpent on the rock, by the way of the ship in the midst of the sea, by the way of the way which leads to the south.
The anger of Yahweh was kindled against Israel, and he delivered them into the hand of those who plundered them; and they took them; and he sold them into the hand of the enemy round about, so that they could no more stand before their enemies.
This will be, says Yahweh, who shall call himself by the name of Jacob, and shall write it with his own hand: He who is Yahweh's, he shall call himself by the name of Israel.
Why are you in despair, my soul? Why are you in distress within me? hope to Yahweh, for I will still praise him. He is my face, my God.
You have surely heard this for your sakes, and have graciously given me this.
But Peter stood outside at the door, and the disciple who was with the high priest went out, and told the woman who was in the door, and she brought him in.
The water that is stolen is sweet. The bread that is stolen is sweet.
I myself didn't know him, but I came to baptize in water, that the children of Israel might know him.
You have established your people Israel for yourselves to be your people forever. You are their God, Yahweh.
Be husbands, love your wives, as Christ loves the assembly, and as he shows himself to the assembly.
By the border of Asher, from the east side to the west side, Naphtali, one portion.
Take their daughters as wives, and give their daughters to their sons, and serve their gods.
But let God speak, And open his mouth to you.
The priest shall take some of the blood of the sin offering with his finger, and put it on the horns of the altar of burnt offering, and pour out the blood on the altar of burnt offering.
They cried, and there was none to deliver them. They cried to Yahweh, but he didn't answer.
These are the things which Yahweh commanded in the land of Canaan, to give to the children of Israel.
and after all the foreigner whom Yahweh drove out before Israel, and after all the ordinances of the kings of Israel.
They shall make a ark of acacia wood. Two and a half cubits shall be its length, and a cubit and a half its breadth, and a cubit and a half its height.
Shall I speak any more? I will not take account of the things that are done to Gideon, and to Balak, and to Samson, and to Jephthah, and to David, and to Samuel, and to all the prophets.
Jesus said to them, Why do men say that Christ is the son of David?
The length of each curtain shall be twenty-eight cubits; and the breadth of each curtain four cubits; and the measure of each curtain shall be as the measure of each curtain.
Hear, and receive wisdom. Don't refuse my teaching.
who has borne our guilt on the cross, and brought us to life in righteousness from the blood of sin; who is healed by him.
As you have done, you shall say, We are servants who have no right, but only those who have the right to do the same things.'
Now these have taken me to be their song, And their proverbs.
Speak to the congregation, and tell them, Depart from the tents of Korah, Dathan, and Abiram.'
Nevertheless the firstborn among the livestock shall not be sanctified of the firstborn among the animals: neither shall any man dedicate to him any more, if he has become the firstborn of Yahweh. For this shall be Yahweh's.
They are not consumed until they are consumed, But the foundations of them are gone.
Now therefore the wheat, and the barley, and the oil, and the wine, which my lord says, may be given to these servants with all diligence.
He said to them, Who are you? Who do you say that I am? Peter answered, You are the Christ.
Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ through the will of God, and I, and I, and I, and I, and I, and I, and I, and I, I, and I, I, and I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I
Don't deceive yourselves. If any of you deceives himself with the world, let him be wise in his own eyes, but be foolish in his own heart, that you may be wise in your own eyes.
You shall put the two stones on the overlaying of the ephod, for a memorial of the children of Israel: and Aaron shall take their names on his shoulders, and they shall be for a memorial before Yahweh.
A foolish man brings news, As he breaks his feet, And separates himself from his feet.
The light of the eye makes the heart glad, But the beauty of it springs from the root.
Beloved, love us in love, and we love one another.
The man said, Your name shall no more be Jacob, but your name shall be Israel; for you have prevailed against God, or against man.
Having therefore heard your news, we continued praying for you, and we beg God that you may have every wisdom and knowledge from the Holy Spirit, able to discern his will;
I, Paul, greet you in my letter. Remember now that I am in prison. Grace be with you all.
David departed that day from Saul, and fled to Achish king of Gath.
The heart of him who devises evil schemes is deceitful, But he who pleads good will be glad.
But when they are called by God, brothers of Christ, consider the things which Jesus, the apostle and the high priest, has confessed to us.
Shall I eat the flesh of the bull, Or drink the blood of the goats?
Let your loving kindness be to us, Yahweh, according as we have hoped for you.
God didn't allow an angel to sin, but he threw them into Sheol, and put them into darkness, and there waited for judgment.
one male goat for a sin offering;
who gives light to the God who comes out of darkness, who gives light to the God who is in us, and gives knowledge of the glory which is in Jesus Christ;
Blessed be your man, blessed be your servant, who will always stand before you to hear your wisdom.
If a man's heart is troubled, he shall be made to faint. A good word shall please him.
When he is judged, let him go out to be condemned. Let his prayer be turned into sin.
We touched the wall, and we broke it, as blind; and we touched it, as the eye didn't see: and we fell down at noonday, as in the days of prosperity; and we became like the dead among the mighty.
Look down from heaven, and see from the place of your holiness and glory. Where is your zeal and your power? The heart of your love, and your mercy, wait for me.
You make the grass fruitful, that the animals may eat, and the herbs may be used for the increase of the ground.
To all Israel they gave one piece of bread, and one piece of flesh, and one piece of a cake, both of man and of woman.
For all knew that the girl was dead, and they ridiculed him.
Then Job answered,
Yahweh spoke to Moses and Aaron in Mount Hor, which is by the border of Edom, saying,
There is no riches in the day of his wrath, But righteousness saves from death.
The waters that were called Meribah came to Yahweh because of the children of Israel; and Yahweh sanctified himself of them.
Then Nebuchadnezzar was filled with anger, and commanded to build against Shadrach, and against Meshach, and against Abednego seven times as much as the fire;
I will send a fire on the wall of Tyre, And it will devour its palaces.
those who were numbered of them, of the tribe of Manasseh, were fifty-four thousand four hundred.
Son of man, take up a lamentation over Tyre, and tell it, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: All you are ready to make, and to make for yourselves wise, and to be perfect.
Yahweh raised them up judges, and Yahweh was with judges, and he delivered them out of the hand of all those who were alive in the judges' houses: for they were sighed because of the oppression. Therefore Yahweh had mercy on them.
The sons of Meshreiah and his brothers were of valor, eighteen men.
You have chosen those who come out from the earth, and I have declared your name to them. They are yours. You gave them to me, and they have obeyed your word.
But if a man walks by night, he will stumble, because there is no light to carry.
But Jesus said to him, There is a man who has a great supper, and many.
and one male goat for a sin offering, to make atonement for you.
I will rejoice in Jerusalem, For my people rejoice. There shall no more any more hear the voice of weeping and the voice of wailing;
Laban first took the streak, and the male goats, and the speckled, and the spotted, and the white goats, and the ostriches, and plucked them out that day, and gave them to his sons.
Then the unrighteous will be revealed, and the Lord Jesus will come and kill him with his mouth, and will destroy him with the glory of his revelation.
After him repaired Shallum the son of Harosh, and his daughters.
For whoever will save his life will lose it, but whoever will lose his life for my sake, he will lose it.
He shall not go out of darkness; and the flame shall devour his branch; and he shall die by the breath of Yahweh in his mouth.
Also because of the anger of Yahweh, and because he has sworn not to cause me to pass over the Jordan, you shall not bring me into the land which Yahweh your God gives you for an inheritance.
You shall offer wine of the drink offering for the one lamb; the fourth part shall be a hin: you shall offer the old wine for a drink offering to Yahweh in the holy place.
You say, God lays up his iniquity against his son. I say, He shall not requite him, that he himself may know it.
You know that we deal with every man of you, as his father does with his own children.
Fools, if you don't die from the seed that is thrown down, will you live?
and he will cut down his stones, and he will make wood, and he will make all manner of skillful work.
Isaac his father said to him, My son, come near to kiss me.
Your rebuke, Yahweh of Jacob, comes forth, And your chariots sleep with horses.
We still groan in this tent, not that we should take up the earthly body, but that we should take up the heavenly body, that we might take up the body of the dead with life.
Go, and tell Jeroboam, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, I have lifted you up from among the people, and have made you prince over all Israel;
But Yahweh brought you up out of Egypt out of the furnace of iron, to be his inheritance, as at this day.
The king said, Go, spy out him, and I will send and seize him. They said to the king, Behold, he is in Dothan.
Jonathan said to him, Tomorrow is the new moon. Your throne is empty, that you may not be silent.
Amnon lay sick, and the king came to him. Amnon said to the king, Please let my sister Tamar come to me, and make me two loaves of bread before me, that I may eat of her by her hand.
They have poured out the blood of your people round about Jerusalem, as water poured on them, and there is none to bury them.
He took off his clothing, and ate it with him all the days of his life, as did the king of Babylon.
Their graves are deep places in the midst of the pit; their people are slain by the sword round about their graves; for they caused their terror in the land of the living.
All the remnant of your house shall come and bow down to him, and shall seek one silver, and one cake, and shall say, Give me one of the priesthood, that I may eat a morsel of bread.'
The Lord said to them, If you are like a grain of mustard seed, and say, Draw your roots, and know in the sea,' and the tree will obey you.
Therefore I am unrighteous before him. I am afraid.
No man who disobeys my covenant, who disobeys the word of the covenant, when he breaks open the calf, and passes through it, makes a covenant before me;
All the princes, even the heads of the fathers' houses of Israel, shall gather themselves to you.
Then Eliphaz the Temanite answered,
The five curtains shall be squared one to another; and the five curtains one to another shall be squared one to another.
Son of man, behold, the house of Israel says, This vision which he saw is of old time, and of old, and of old.'
This is the burnt offering, and the meal offering, and the sin offering, and the trespass offering, and the holy offering, and the custom of the sacrifice of peace offerings.
A voice came out of Dan, and a voice came out of the hill country of Ephraim for evil.
neither shall they defile themselves any more with idols, with abominable things, nor with all their iniquities; and I will deliver them out of all their habitations, from which they have sinned: I will cleanse them; so shall they be my people, and I will be their God.
But you despise the poor. Isn't that the rich who oppress you and draw you out?
sackcloth shall be on my people, and they shall be in the midst of the ashes; mourning shall be like the one-footed son, weeping in the weeping of his heart; for the blasphemies shall come suddenly on us.
But he said, Lazarus is dead, and they allowed him to lie.
Many altars were built in the house of Yahweh; and Yahweh said by this house, I will put my name in Jerusalem.
He shall clean the house with the blood of the bird, and with the living water, and with the living bird, and with the cedar wood, and with the hyssop, and with the scarlet.
and the wine shall be a drink offering for a drink offering: it shall be a burnt offering, or a sacrifice, both for the burnt offering and for the sacrifice; and you shall offer it to Yahweh.
Bind a lace of blue, and bind it on the turban, before the turban.
It happened afterward, when Sennacherib king of Assyria and all his army were come against Lachish, that he sent his servants to Hezekiah king of Judah, and to all the Jews who were in Jerusalem, to Jerusalem, saying,
I don't answer those who don't hear, Neither do I answer those who don't hear.
Paul, the servant of God, and the apostle of Jesus Christ, who were called in the faith of the chosen ones of God, to guide them in the teaching of our faith.
The altar was torn; and the ashes of the altar were poured out: as the man of God spoke by the word of Yahweh.
Now I am not worthy to be your son. Give me that which is good for your work.'
Behold, the prophets who have stolen my words from their companions, says Yahweh, I am come against them.
When you saw the south wind, you said, A burning heath!' then you did stir up the heat.
Joab the son of Zeruiah began to number him; but the anger of Yahweh came on Israel from that in which he had done this thing: therefore his number was not reckoned to the end; neither was his number written in the book of the chronicles of king David.
Brothers, I have begun to write to you, that I may talk about all of us, and to remind you of the things which are written in my letter to you. Finally, preach the faith of the saints beforehand for God's sake.
Yes, most assuredly, I desire to have you do all these things faithfully, that you may do good in the faith of the man of God. All these things are good, and good in the eyes of men.
You have done this thing, says Yahweh, and have not left your son, your only son, to whom I swore:
Pray for us, and pray to God, that we may speak the word, and declare the mystery of Christ. I am in wait for this.
Yahweh said to Moses, Put the rod of Aaron under the ark, and keep it, and be over the rebellious, that they not die.
He begged him, saying, My little daughter is dying. Please come and lay your hand on her, that she may be healed, and rise again.
The three men who were bound, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, went down to the burning fiery furnace.
Moreover they offered burnt offerings to Yahweh on the Sabbaths, on the new moons, and on the set feasts, according to the number of the ordinances, until they were offered before Yahweh continually.
They run like mighty men, They go astray like men; They go every way, They don't do it.
For, behold, woe to anyone who doesn't show his cause, but doesn't do it to you.
While they were still talking with him, the king's eunuchs came, and called Haman hastily to the banquet that Esther had prepared.
Absalom fled to Geshur, and lived there three years.
Say you, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: This city has shed blood in it, and has brought its days, and has made its idols to defile themselves, and to persecute themselves.
Aaron shall go in to the holy place, and shall bring one young bull for a sin offering, and one ram for a burnt offering.
Let all their sins be continually before Yahweh, That he may destroy their name from the earth.
Joseph answered Pharaoh, It is not mine. Yahweh will show Pharaoh peace.
We know that the Son of God has come, and he has made us to be astonished, to know him who is the true God, and that we remain in him, both we, and his Son Jesus Christ, a God who is true, and an eternal life.
Absalom said, I will not be judged by reason of the judgment that I have done in this place. I will judge righteously here all the days of my life.
It happened on the seventh day, when it was dark, that they rose up early, and so compassed the city seven times, but this day they compassed the city seven times.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies: Consider your ways.
A ship will come from Kittim, and will afflict Assyria, and will afflict Eber; and he will perish forever.
The priest shall take a little of the fat out of the other's hand, and put it into his own hand.
The heads of fathers' houses, of the families of the children of Joseph, and of the children of Manasseh, the son of Machir, the son of Gilead, came to Moses, and to the princes of the fathers' houses of the children of Israel, saying,
Therefore don't remain in the Word of Christ, but fulfill the works of righteousness, that through death we may no longer believe in God.
If I will count it, it will be more than the sand of the sea. I will be with you in my sleep.
When this God of all Israel chose our fathers, and made them a great people in Egypt, and brought them out of Egypt with a strong hand;
He wrote in his robe and in his legs a name, King of kings, Lord of lords.
Pharaoh called for Moses and Aaron, and said, Go, sacrifice to your God in this land.
Moreover the law corrects your servant, And the charge of his commandments is great.
When the magicians had returned, the Lord's angel spoke to Joseph, saying, Arise, and take the young child and his mother, and flee into Egypt, and bring them to me, and tell you; for Herod is looking for a child to kill him.
If I tell the devil, You are my father. If I tell the worm, You are my mother, and my sister.'
The waters of the sea shall break away, and the river shall be dried up.
In that day, in the land of Judah, men shall sing of it, saying, We have a fortified city; and he shall make a wall of salvation for a city outside of it.
Babylon, I have snared you, and you have made him a prey; and you have caused man to find and catch them; for you and Yahweh are an adversary.
Is all your sufferings worth nothing? Yes, it is a deceitful thing for you.
Ruth said, All that you have commanded me will I do.
Then said Ahimaaz to the king, Peace is at hand; and he bowed himself down before the king to the ground, and said, Blessed be Yahweh your God, who has given you the men who have lifted up his hand against my lord the king.
Let us, we who are mighty, bear the burden of weakness, that we not be content with ourselves.
The gates of the city shall be according to the names of the tribes of Israel: and on the north side three gates: one gate of Reuben, and one gate of Judah, and one gate of Levi.
Jehoiakim was twenty-five years old when he began to reign; and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Zebida the daughter of Pedaiah of the Lumahite.
They have swallowed up, but they can't see, for they have swallowed up, because that which was evil has become as it were before. Then I awakened.
On the fifth day Shilumiel the son of Zurishaddai, prince of the children of Simeon
Jehu said, Go with me, and see my zeal for Yahweh. He set him on his chariot.
He took up his parable, and said, Balaam the son of Beor says, He who has closed his eyes says;
All who were in the field throughout all the land of Egypt, both man and animal, were struck with hail, and all the herbs of the field were struck with hail, and all the trees of the field were broken.
The captain of the guard gave them charge over Joseph, and he ministered to them. They were with him a great while.
Your servants shall dwell among the people whom you shall choose; and this people shall not be numbered.
You shall make a breastplate of skillful workmanship; like the work of the ephod you shall make of gold, of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen.
Jonah said to them, Take me up, and throw me into the sea, and it will be calm; for I know that you have found this great wind for my sake.
By knowledge, his chambers were full of precious things and precious things.
For they bound him always with their feet and with their iron hooks, but the chain broke him, and their feet were broken, and they gave him a mouth. There was no one who could bear him.
It happened, when Achsah was shearing his hair, that he laid up a field for his father: and Achsah came down from the donkey, and Caleb said, What will you?
While Peter was considering this vision, the Spirit said to him, There came three men to seek you.
Behold, the king of Judah's house is like the top of Lebanon; But I will turn it into a wilderness, A city without inhabitant.
He who was sent spoke the word of God, because he didn't give him the Holy Spirit.
that the glory of God might be restored to us first to Christ.
They played the harp, and struck it, and dipped it, and drank wine; they didn't remember the way of Yahweh, neither did they regard the work of his hands.
He made also the bases, and the basins on the bases,
Yahweh, I take refuge in you. Don't let me be disappointed forever. Deliver me according to your righteousness.
It happened after a little while, that it went up into the sky; for the wind and the cloud were darkened, and they rained. So Ahab sat down in the chariot, and went to Jezreel.
Even the horse which a man who has his discharge riding on it is unclean.
The man of God's anger was kindled against him, saying, At that time you shall strike five times, and then you shall fight against Syria, until it be utterly destroyed; but you shall strike the Syrians three times.
Peter and the disciple went away to the tomb.
But to this day I have the throne of God, to stand, and to testify of the honor and of the lowly. The things which I have spoken, and the prophets, and all the things which Moses has spoken, are of the things which are to come,
As for me, am I murmured against men? Why is my spirit troubled?
Tarshish and the kings of the islands shall come to tribute. Sheba and the king of Zebah shall offer their offering.
But hold fast to all that you have, until I come.
But Saul continued in the fear that he might kill the Lord's disciples. He came to the high priest,
The pillars were before the house; one on the right side, and another on the left; and the name of the right side was Jachin, and the name of the left was Boaz.
I will turn you back, and I will bring you forward, and cause you to come from the uttermost part of the north, and I will bring you to the mountains of Israel.
All the inhabitants of the land rejoiced, and the city was quiet: and they killed Athaliah with the sword in the king's house.
A perfect righteous man will trample on his own way, But sinners will stumble in their own wickedness.
Now Yahweh your God has made you like the stars of the sky, when your fathers went down into Egypt, even seventy souls.
Come, house of Jacob. Let us walk in the light of Yahweh.
I will harden Pharaoh's heart, And will do wonders in the land of Egypt.
Who can declare the greatness of Yahweh? Who can declare all his fame?
I will tell God my rock, Why have you forgotten me? Why have I grieved because of the oppression of my enemies, and walked and walked?
As for this, Yahweh commanded him, and he didn't follow other gods: but he didn't keep the commandment of Yahweh.
If there is a rich man who sees his brother or his sister in lack, but doesn't have compassion on him, how can he love God?
You shall not offer to Yahweh anything that hurts, or that which thirsts, or that which is torn, or that which is paralyzed, nor that which is paralyzed; neither shall you do so in your land.
Don't be far from me, for there is none to help me in trouble.
The people cried, and the priests blew the trumpets. When the people heard the sound of the trumpet, they shouted with a loud voice, and the wall fell on it, and the people came into the city, and went every man straight forward, and so took the city.
Neither shall the light of the lamp be seen any more, neither shall the voice of the bride nor the voice of the bride be heard any more: your merchants are all of the mighty men of the earth, and all your nations are deceived by your enchantments.
But I will blow the whirlwind on them, and will blow them to the nations which they don't know; so that the land will become a desolation in them, and no one will enter in by it; for they are desolate in the land of joy.
They lifted up their voice, and kissed Orpah and her mother-in-law; but Ruth and her were not left.
Therefore I hate the book of life, for it is my labor in the daytime. For it is vanity and a chasing after wind.
and the tribe of Gad; and the prince of the children of Gad shall be Eliasaph the son of Tauel.
The children of Israel sought silver, and gold, and clothing, according to the word of Moses, from the Egyptians.
But I tell you, when the days of judgment come, the punishment of Sodom more abundantly than what is now in the city,
They came to hear him speak the word, and to heal him. They were all healed who were possessed by demons.
But he who hears, and doesn't do it, as a man builds a house on the earth, and doesn't lay the foundation of it, that it may be filled with brooks, and that house immediately falls down, and is likely to fall.
and all that is left of this evil people, that I have driven them down to them, they shall surely choose to die, and not choose to live, says Yahweh of Armies.
The old man said, Peace be to you, that you may not stay all night in the street, for whatever oil you need me to do.
I will have mercy on you, and will have mercy on you also, and will cause you to return to your own land.
You are eternal, Yahweh. Your throne shall not rest from generation to generation.
When the man saw that he was not able to prevail against him, he struck Jacob's thighs, and the thighs of Jacob were broken in the latter days.
There is no man who understands the truth, Neither is there any who seeks God.
Therefore be still, for you don't know when your master will return, or evening, or midnight, or when the rooster will wail, or when the sun rises.
Every time he passes, he will carry you away captive. Every morning he will pass, and will not visit day and night. Only the word which is told will be feared.
Joseph's master put him in prison, where the king's trespass was bound. Joseph was put in the prison.
In those days the house of Judah shall go with the children of Israel; and they shall come with them out of the land of the north, to the land which I gave to your fathers for an inheritance.
To him who made heaven by wisdom; For his loving kindness endures forever;
It shall happen in that day, says Yahweh, that I will take away your horses out of the midst of you, and will destroy your chariots.
Then I answered, Behold, I come. My works are written in a book.
It shall be, if the king and the people change the commandment in their hand, and it be broken down in the house of God which is at Jerusalem, that he put his name there, and destroy them: and I, Darius, have sent out this commandment, that you shall do hastily.
But I will sacrifice sacrifices to you with a voice of thanksgiving, and will pay my vows, and will deliver them out of Yahweh.
But not every man has such knowledge. One worships idols, and until now he thinks he is eating idols. Their conscience is weak, and they think that they will be defiled with them.
If I remember that we were going astray, I would rather have seen you, that I might rejoice with you.
How is it that I myself am bearers of your burdens, and of your judgments, and of your wrestlings?
When he sat with them, he gave them bread, and broke in pieces.
But Yahweh God, the God of Israel, has done marvelous things. Let us praise him.
and said to them, You have done according to all that Moses the servant of Yahweh commanded you, and you have obeyed all that I commanded you.
We have no more seen our signs, neither have we prophets; neither among us know how long such a thing will come.
They said, A certain Egyptian has delivered us out of the hand of the shepherds, and has given us water for the flocks to drink.
Now will I arise, and go about in the city, and in the street, and in a large place; and I will seek whom my soul desires. I will seek him, but I will not find him.
Yahweh's glorious appearance burns like fire on the mountain. The children of Israel see with their eyes.
Many peoples and mighty nations will come to seek Yahweh, the God of Armies, in Jerusalem.
You shall reckon to all the congregation of the children of Israel according to their families, according to the number of every male according to their names.
Remember therefore, where you stumbled, and repent, and return to your first beloved walk: but if not, I will go to you, and flee away from your lampstand.
Those who knew him, when they saw him prophesying among the prophets, said one to another, What is this of the son of Kish? Is Saul also among the prophets?
I will praise Yahweh in times past. My mouth shall praise him always.
If any stranger lives among you, or is inhabited throughout all generations, to offer a sweet savor to Yahweh, you shall do so; and they shall do so.
They all took counsel, saying, Come, let us make brick, and let us burn it. They have made bricks for the stones, and let us have pitchers instead of the clay.
Yahweh said to Samuel, Listen to their voice, and appoint a king over them. Samuel said to the children of Israel, Go up every man to his city.
He shall bring an offering made by fire to Yahweh with his hand, an oil and a breast, that he may wave the wave offering before Yahweh with his breast.
He took the flesh, all the fat, and the beautiful flesh, and the lower thigh, and the legs, and laid them in it, and filled it with the good bones.
has not gone up to the mountain to eat bread, neither has lifted up his eyes to the idols of the house of Israel, neither has defiled his neighbor's wife;
Therefore will I make Samaria a heap of earth, and shall be a place for the grapes, and I will pour out its stones among the valleys, and will uncover the foundations of it.
Now Eliashib and Tobiah the priests, who were over our house, the priests, and over our household,
Woe to us! Who will deliver us out of the hand of the mighty God? This is the God who struck the Egyptians in the wilderness with every plague.
He who sits in heaven laughs, And the Lord despises them.
I desire to have you know, brothers, that the Good News which I preach is not of men.
Hear the word of the Lord Yahweh, you mountains of Israel: Thus says the Lord Yahweh to the mountains, to the hills, to the watercourses, and to the valleys, Behold, I will bring the sword on you, and I will destroy your high places.
But his father and his mother were amazed, and he charged them that they should tell no one what was done.
Now when David and Saul had spoken, Jonathan's life became like the life of David, and Jonathan loved him as his own soul.
Therefore I am filled with the wrath of Yahweh, and can't stand it: therefore says Yahweh, I will pour out my tongue into the streets, into the young children, into the young men of the assembly, into the husbands, into his wives, into the old men, into the fullness of the days.
This is the portion of the wicked from God. God has established his inheritance.
I will put my Spirit in you, that you may walk in my statutes, and keep my ordinances.
Pilate answered, What then shall I do to you, the King of the Jews?
He shall cut the jawbone out of his mouth, And be full of disgrace.
God, through the mouth of all the prophets, prophesied of his Christ, and it happened that it happened.
It happened, as she went up after her husband, that she came with her to Bahurim. Abner said to her, Go your way. He departed.
Then he said to me, The house of Israel and the house of Judah are exceedingly grievous; and all the blood that is in the whole land is vile in all the cities; for they say, Yahweh has not looked out of this land, Yahweh has not seen it.
But we believe that we only have one God, the Father, who created all things, and we live for him. We alone have one Lord Jesus Christ, who made all things through him, and through him we have escaped.
You shall sanctify all the inhabitants of the land in the fiftieth year, and shall proclaim liberty to all the inhabitants of the land: in that year you shall be a year of your life, and shall return everyone to his own possession, everyone to his own house.
If you, my son, are a mediator for your neighbor's sake, and a collateral for your neighbor's sake,
The word of Yahweh that came to Jeremiah in the days of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah, king of Judah, saying,
They took away the stench from the land, and put away all the idols that their fathers had made;
Gad came to David, and said to him, Thus says Yahweh, Take heed to yourself,
Behold, a leper came to Jesus, and he kneeled down and begged him, saying, If you want to, you can cleanse me.
What shall a man do, that he may enter into the house of the mighty man, and take away his substance? Shouldn't he first bind up the mighty man?
Then I was there a mist, and rejoiced him day by day. I was always glad before him.
The beginning of the words of his mouth is foolishness. The end of his words is madness.
Pharaoh's daughter said to her, Go, take this child, and gird it for me, and I will give it to you. The woman took the child, and put it on her.
My angel shall go before you, and bring you into the land of the Amorites, and the Hittites, and the Perizzites, and the Canaanites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites; and I will cut them off.
Of the children of Judah, their generations, by their families, by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all who were able to go out to war;
Who is able to stand when he is tormented? Who is able to rise in the day when he is angry? His anger is poured out like fire, And his rock is broken in pieces.
Let us look again, and search out our ways, and turn again to Yahweh.
Hear my prayer, Yahweh, and turn your ear to my cry. Don't lift up your voice with my tears, Yahweh. I am a foreigner before you, a foreigner, and a foreigner who is a foreigner with my fathers.
After the days of Samuel the prophet there was not as at this time the Passover in Israel: neither was there any king of Israel like Jehoshaiah, nor the priests, nor the Levites, nor the Jews who were with him, nor the men of Israel, who kept the Passover with the inhabitants of Jerusalem.
Greet Ubanus, who labors in Christ, and in my beloved Stephanus.
In the four corners of the court were the courts; and on the four sides were the walls; and in every court were the length forty cubits, and the breadth thirty; and in the four corners were the measure of their measures.
Laban said, Well, I will do according to your word.
Then Job answered Yahweh,
They cast down every man his city, and filled all the good places, and filled all the springs of water, and cut down every tree of them; only the wall of Kir Heres was left; and the stones were set against him round about.
When I come, I will burn on the earth with fire. If the fire is kindled, don't I know that it is good?
It will happen in that day, that I will give David a righteous branch, and he will execute justice and righteousness on the earth.
the gold of Ophir three thousand talents, the silver of it seven thousand talents, to make the walls of the houses quiet.
In the chamber of the king's house, in the chamber of the chamber of the chamber of the guard, Ebedmelech the Ethiopian, heard that they had dug Jeremiah's well (now the king was sitting at the gate of Benjamin),
Therefore let the head of the woman's head be covered, that it may be written about high things, and about the fear of angels.
This sin offering is most holy: and Yahweh will again bring on you the iniquity of the congregation, and will make atonement for them before Yahweh; and why didn't you eat it in the holy place?
For a fire is kindled in my anger, And it burns to the innermost parts of Sheol, And it burns to the ground and to the fruit of the ground; And it kindles the foundations of the mountains.
For indeed there is strife among you, that you have become bruised. Why then do you wrong? Why do you wrong?
I baptized you with water, that you might be made to repentance, but he who comes after me is more honorable than I, that I may not bear with his sword, and he will baptize you with the Holy Spirit and with fire.
Honor the woman who rules in truth.
You shall not enter into the gates of my people for the day of calamity: you shall not see the day of their calamity for the day of their calamity; they shall not touch the spoil of them for the day of their calamity.
Elisha said to his servants, Tell him, behold, you have made for us many thoughts: now what shall you do for us? and what shall I tell the king or the captain of the army for you? The woman said, I dwell among my people.
As Samuel was offering the burnt offering, the Philistines came near to fight against Israel: and Yahweh thundered against the Philistines that day, and struck them; and they struck them before Israel.
Now Saul had given Michal his daughter, David's wife, to be wife to Paltah the son of Laish, a Carmelite.
For the blood of the ox and of the sheep doesn't go away from the iniquity of man.
Outside shall be a sword, and pestilence, and famine, and those who dwell in the field shall die by the sword; and the famine and the pestilence shall devour the city.
For indeed there is no other Good News, which I say about the Good News of Christ, because some have troubled you.
Your brothers shall be with you poor and needy. You shall defend him, that he may dwell with you as a foreigner, as a foreigner, as a foreigner, and as a foreigner.
If there is a iniquity in your hand, you shall take it far from you, and you shall not allow unrighteousness to dwell in your tent.
The eyes of God were on the elders of Judah, who didn't allow them to cease, until they came to Darius to recover the matter.
His brother came out after him, and took hold of Esau's foot, and called his name Jacob. Isaac was sixty years old when his two sons were born.
I heard a voice from heaven saying, Write now! Blessed are you from now on, for the Holy Spirit has said, They will rest in their labors, because their labors will follow them.
It shall happen, when they shall find many plagues, that this song shall be a witness before them, because the mouth of their seed shall be silent, and shall not be forgotten; for I know that I didn't bring them to the land which I swore to them; for I knew the thoughts of their ships.
For if a man doesn't spare his own heart, he is like a ruined city, which doesn't have walls.
I also fear that, when I return to you, my God will be disappointed before you, and I will weep for many; because of the sins that they committed before them, and because they were unclean, and because they committed adultery, and because they didn't repent until now.
Afterward they and their disciples stayed together for a while.
Let your works be revealed to your servants. Let your glory be revealed to our children.
You have shortened his days. You have made him a great shame. Selah.
The heads of fathers' houses envied Joseph, and sold him into Egypt; but God was with him.
The second, the third, to the seventh, is like the same.
As women, obey your own husband in the Lord.
Behold, the name of Yahweh comes from afar, and his anger rises, and the smoke of his eyes is lifted up. His lips are filled with anger, and his tongue is like a devouring fire.
You have dealt treacherously with me, house of Israel, and have gone astray as a woman from her husband, says Yahweh.
Joseph lived in Egypt, he and his father's household. Joseph lived in one hundred years.
When you see, O king, behold, a great voice; and the image is very high, and is sore troubled, and stands before you; and his form is very awesome.
Jonah prayed to Yahweh his God in the belly of his fish, saying,
You shall therefore keep all my statutes, and all my ordinances, and do them; that you not go forth out of the land where I brought you up to dwell.
Abraham arose, and bowed himself to the people of the land, even to the children of Heth.
As he came near, Lazarus was buried in the tomb four days.
The Spirit of the Lord came on me, because he anointed me to preach the Good News to the poor; and he sent me to preach, and the captives will be freed, and the blind will see, and the oppressed will be freed;
If we say that we have fellowship with God, we still walk in darkness, but speak lies, and don't walk in truth.
Yahweh is my rock, and my fortress, and my salvation. My God, my rock, and I will take refuge in him. He is my shield, and the horn of my salvation, and my stronghold.
The gold of Ophir shall not overtake it; Neither shall the precious proverbs nor the precious stones of it be.
They said to king Nebuchadnezzar, Long live the king.
Who has set his foundations above? Or who has set the stones of his corners?
Therefore thus says the Lord Yahweh: Behold, my servant shall eat, but you shall hungry; behold, my servant shall drink, but you shall thirst; and behold, my servant shall rejoice, but you shall be ashamed.
He said to them, I AM. They fell down and fell on the ground.
according to the will of God Jesus Christ, and according to the will of God, according to the measure of his own body, we have been sanctified to God.
Pharaoh's servants, when they saw him, praised him from Pharaoh. The woman was brought into Pharaoh's palace.
Then they made the image of a calf, and offered it from the idol, and rejoiced over the idol that their own hands had made.
Immediately those who tried to enter into judgment with Paul departed. When the commanding officer knew that Paul was a Roman, and that he had bound him, he was afraid.
But if you diligently listen to the commandment of Moses, which Yahweh spoke to them, and teach them the statutes and the ordinances of Israel, then you shall prosper: be of good courage, and don't be afraid, neither be dismayed.
I have counsel and knowledge. I have understanding and power.
Then Paul departed from them.
For I am also a man under authority, and I am driven by soldiers. I tell this one, Go,' and he goes; and tell the other, Come,' and he comes; and tell my servant, Do this,' and he does it.
It happened after the flood, that Noah lived again three hundred fifty years.
On the third day Cana in Galilee had a marriage feast, and his mother had a fellowship.
As it is written, On the third day after they had buried him,
Delilah bound him with a new cord, and said to him, Samson, the Philistines are come to take you: then the ambush was hidden in the inner chamber; and Samson broke the cords that were in his arms, as one of the cords that were in his hand, and cut them off.
The friends of Corinth have opened their mouths, Our hearts have opened their mouths to you.
Because of the evil that is come on me from God, Because of his majesty, I can't bear it.
Then Solomon built high places for Molech the abomination of Moab, and for Chemosh the god of Moab, and for Molech the abomination of the children of Ammon, which was before Jerusalem.
Behold, Assyria has been a cedar of Lebanon. It is very beautiful. It has a shade like a forest. Its branches are exalted in its height. Its tail runs into the clouds.
Now the plague of Moab is near, and his troubles are near.
Say you to God, How awesome are your works! For your great power, and all your enemies, will be subdued.
The seventh angel poured out the bowl into the air, and a loud voice came out of the temple, saying, It is finished!
Don't be weary. Don't harden your neck.
The shepherds who came in from the gate were the sheep.
But Festus answered, Paul is shut up at Caesarea, and I will go there by the way.
The light of the righteous will be revealed, But the lamp of the wicked will be melted.
Ephraim is oppressed, judged, and bowed down; For he diligently listens to the commandment.
When Rachel saw that she didn't bear Jacob's son, she envied his sister. She said to Jacob, Give me a son. If not, I will die.
He rose up, and ate and drank, and came to the mountain of Yahweh, which is Horeb, forty days and forty nights, by the strength of one eating.
If I hold fast the desire of the needy, Or the eyes of the widow to their eyes;
Don't covet the world, nor the world. If a man loves the world, he doesn't love the Father.
I will gather all peoples, and bring them down to the valley of Jehoshaphat, and will judge them there; for they have scattered my people, Israel my heritage among the nations, and have divided my land;
Yahweh said to me, You shall see their way again, and shall have greater abominations.
I know also what you know. I am not inferior to you.
Then shall it be well with the earth, and with all that is therein, because of the destruction of Babylon; for the destroyer shall come to her out of the north, says Yahweh.
When we had made an end of dividing one another, we went up into the boat, and they returned to their own homes.
Who doesn't know in all these things that God's hand has done this?
But now the word of Yahweh is spoken, saying, In the year that they labor, the glory of Moab and his people shall be brought to dishonor, and the residue few, but it is stirred up.
It was told David, and he sent to meet them; for they were disappointed and brought to shame. The king said, Stay in Jericho until the beard grows old, and then return.
Many will stumble and stumble, and fall, and be broken in pieces, and will be covered and taken.
When they went up to enter into the city, behold, some of the young women came out to draw water, and said to them, Is there here a see here?
It happened, when Jesus and the apostles ate the secret, that the devil gave him a spirit of hope in Judas the son of Simon, a man of Kerioth.
I will cause him to go forth, says Yahweh of Armies, and he shall enter into the house of those who steal; and he shall enter into the house of those who swear by my name, to dwell in his house, and to destroy him, and to destroy him, and his wood and his stones.
but you have bowed down under the captivity, and lay down under the slain: yet his anger is not turned away, but his hand is stretched out still.
So Bathsheba went to king Solomon to speak for Adonijah: and the king arose, and met him, and bowed himself to him, and sat on his throne, and commanded his mother to make him thrones for the king; and he sat on the right hand of the king.
Go, and speak to Solomon's son, to Rehoboam the king of Judah, and to all the house of Benjamin Judah, and to all the rest of the people, saying,
Moses returned, and the elders of Israel, into the camp.
What profit is there in the engraved image, that he should be engraved with the builders? What profit is there in the molten image of the molten image of the molten image of the molten image of the molten image of the molten image of the molten image of the molten image of the molten image of the molten image of the molten image of the molten image of the molten image of the molten image of the molten image of the molten image of the molten image of
You, and the Levites, and the strangers who are among you, rejoice in all the good that Yahweh your God has given you, and in all the good that you have,
The servants of Amon rebelled against him; and they killed him in the king's house.
For I have not lived in a house since the day that I brought up Israel to this day, from this tent even to that tent, even from this curtain even to that curtain.
Even the Father also numbered all of your hair.
If the priest's daughter commits adultery, and shames herself, even her father who reproaches her, then she shall be burned with fire.
There appeared a sign in the sky, and a mighty horse with seven heads, ten horns, and seven heads on high.
If you are about to gather the congregation together, blow the trumpets, but don't blow the alarm.
Jacob slept, and said, Truly Yahweh is with me, and I don't know.
You have given your loving kindness to the people whom you have redeemed. You have brought them into your holy place by your power.
Not only so, but he also, being judged by all the assemblies, was also approved by us for the work which is to be glorified by the Lord, and for our joy.
So they traveled eastward, and found in the land of Shinar a deceitful plain; and they lived therein.
You shall do according to all that the priests the Levites have taught you in the plague of leprosy; and you shall observe to do that which I command you.
All day long I stretch out my hand against the disobedient people. They give their will, and walk in a way that is not good.
Jesus said to them, If a man divorces his wife, and marries another woman, and commits adultery, and marries her;
A fire is kindled in the midst of the man, And a flame is kindled over the wicked.
When he was in trouble, he begged Yahweh his God, and he humbled himself before the God of his fathers.
On the seventh day the priest shall examine it again: and behold, if the plague has spread in the wall of the house,
The meal offering shall be for an ephah of an ephah of an ephah of the bull, when it is in the feast and in the assembly; and the ephah of oil shall be a hin for the lambs according to their meal offering.
because of all the evil of the children of Israel, and of the children of Judah, with their kings, and their princes, and their priests, and their prophets, and all Judah, and all the inhabitants of Jerusalem, to provoke me to anger.
For they have persuaded my people, saying, Peace! There is no peace, even as a man builds a wall, and they feed it with water.
Aaron did so, and lit the light in the lampstand, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
The first day of unleavened bread, the day of the Passover, the disciples asked him, What place do you want us to prepare for you to eat the Passover?
Then I will cause you to go down with those who go down to Sheol to the ancient men; and I will cause you to dwell in the lower parts of the earth from the ancient places of desolation, and from those who go down to Sheol: there shall no man dwell therein any more, neither shall there be any glory in the land of the living.
But Yahweh sits on his throne forever. He has established his throne to judge.
Then Eliakim the son of Hilkiah, who was over the household, and Shebna the scribe, and Joah the son of Asaph the recorder came out to him.
Jehu gathered all the people together, and said to them, Ahab shall serve Baal a little while, and Jehu shall serve him with a great slaughter.
But I know that the Lord will quickly send me to you.
Woe to the rebellious, to the unclean, and to the rebellious city!
Most assuredly I tell you, all these blood sacrifices shall be on this generation.
A wise man's heart is in a house of rejoicing, But a fool's heart is in a house of gladness.
But all these things were done, that the prophets might be fulfilled which is written in the Scriptures. They all left him, and fled.
Israel is like a herd of grain. Now Yahweh will feed them, like a flock in a large land.
It happened, as Peter was knocking outside, that a woman named Reuben came out to hear who he was.
The angel of Yahweh met Hagar by the spring of the wilderness; and the spring ran along the way of Shur.
Now, Lord, according to your word, let your servant go from the world in peace.
Behold, Rebekah is before you, and you shall lead her away, as Yahweh has spoken, to the son of your master as wife.
True witnesses lie, But false witnesses lie.
It happened after these things, that Haman the son of Hammedatha the Agagite lifted up king Ahasuerus, and exalted him, and made him higher than all his servants who were with him.
The prophets and the priests are blasphemies, even in my house, and I have seen their wickedness, says Yahweh.
Cornelius said, Forty days ago, about this time, I prayed in my house, and behold, there was a man, and a garment, and withered, and stood before me.
You shall drink water at your right hand and at your left, and you shall drink one hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of a hin of water.
Forty years in the wilderness, house of Israel, did you offer to me sacrifices and sacrifices?
I am tempted and tempted by the Jews. I am still humbled and weary with my eyes to minister to the Lord.
From this very day forward, Jesus Christ has been blameless forever and ever.
It shall be, when the priest goes in, that he shall not go out from the sanctuary into the outer court; but there shall be a garment for them to walk in, because it is holy: and their garments shall be changed to the place of the people.
John answered all the people, I baptized you with water, but for me there is more power than I, and I am not worthy to put off his sword. He will baptize you in the Holy Spirit and in the fire.
My sister, my bride, you have taken away my heart. Look with your eyes, and take away my heart with a chain of gold from off your neck.
I will punish him with pestilence and with blood; and I will give him great rain, hail, and fire, and sulfur, with all his army, and his people with him.
A proud man stirs up strife, But a covetous man is wise.
For many were possessed by demons, and the demons shouted, and went out of the man whom they had, and many paralytics and lame men were healed.
Keep your faith before God. Blessed is he who does what is right in his own eyes, and is blameless.
His breath was too sharp for him; and when he fell on him, he named his son Benjamin. His father named him Benjamin.
There were also two olive trees, one on the right side of the ark, and another on the left side of the ark.
Go you, you inhabitants of Dedan, and flee; hide yourself in secret places; for I will bring on him the evil of Esau my visitation.
For he didn't kill me from the womb, but made my mother my tomb, and she was continually naked.
So it came to pass, that he sent me to this place, and not you, but God; and he made me like the father of Pharaoh, to be lord over all his house, and over all the land of Egypt.
The people sat, and lived as Anak, a great people, and as Anak; but Yahweh destroyed them before the children of Ammon; and they possessed their land, and lived therein.
The princes of Judah shall say in their heart, The inhabitants of Jerusalem are my strength; for they have trusted in their God, the God of Armies.
One of the Pharisees said, This man doesn't keep the Sabbath, nor he who comes from God; but who says, Why does this miracle happen to him who is guilty? So they went to the marriage feast.
and have burned your house with fire, and have judged you in the sight of many women; and I will surely make you no more to commit adultery, neither will I require any more to commit adultery.
He pursues after them, and walks in the way which he has not known, and passes in peace.
You shall not turn to those who are mediums, nor to wizards; neither shall you inquire of them, to the end that they may be defiled. I am Yahweh your God.
The Levite made a great feast in their house for Jesus' sake. Many of the tax collectors and tax collectors came and sat with them to eat bread.
He said, Please let me go; for we are in the city with sacrifices, and my brothers have charged me: now therefore, if I have found favor in your eyes, please let my brothers go. Therefore he has not come to the king to sit down.
Because they have served the people before their idols, and have done mischief to the house of Israel; therefore have I lifted up my hand against them, and they shall bear their iniquity, says the Lord Yahweh.
You did not eat one work, two workmen, five workmen, ten workmen, twenty workmen,
Now therefore don't be deceitful, neither be dismayed, that the bonds which are bound with you may be subdued; for when I hear from the Lord, Yahweh of Armies, he will surely do that which is determined in all the earth.
Yahweh will always lead you, and make you strong in the land of drought, and make you strong in your heart, and strong in your bones; and you shall be as the garden of widowhood, and as the fountain of unleavened water.
Eleazar the priest said to all the army that came back from the war, This is the law of the law which Yahweh commanded Moses:
Isaac his son, and Ishmael, buried him in the cave of Machpelah, which was before Mamre, in the field of Ephron the son of Zohar the Hittite,
My eye is scorched with sorrow. I call to you daily, Yahweh. I pray to you with my hand.
They took the brothers who lived in the villages, and laid their hands on them every seven days.
But they had no sons, because Elizabeth couldn't conceive, and the years of the two were at hand.
When the council heard of it, it was very angry, that they might kill them.
and not as I commanded judges to rule over my people Israel in the day that I will give you rest from all your enemies, and Yahweh will tell you that Yahweh will build you a house.
Sodom and Gomorrah, and the men of the surrounding cities, and the angels, play the prostitute, and play the prostitute after the holy covenant; that they may be visited by all men for the punishment of an everlasting fire which shall not be quenched.
He refused to be entreated, and we ceased, saying, The will of the Lord is right.
This is the set feast which Yahweh has given, even the holy convocation which you shall proclaim in the day that Yahweh has given you.
to be to him a priest forever, and to his seed after him; because he has a jealous heart for his God, and because of the children of Israel, to make atonement for them.
Therefore I beg you first, that all those who are with you pray, pray, and give thanks.
My throat is dried up, because I cried with a loud voice. I have waited for God, and my eyes are turned away.
On the eighth day, the child shall be circumcised.
then you shall do to him as he desires to do to his brothers. So you shall put away the evil from the midst of you.
the children of Babylon, and all the Chaldeans, and the Perkothites, and the Shuhites, and the Goahites: and all the Assyrians with them, and the princes, and the rulers, and the captains of the army, and the famous men, and those who rode on horses, were desirable young men.
While they were worshipping the Lord, and fasting, the Holy Spirit said, Send me Barnabas and Saul, that they may serve them for the work.
If you desire to receive these things, this man is Elijah who comes.
But the child didn't know what that was: only Jonathan and David knew of it.
He took a piece of a ram, and Moses burned the head, and the flesh, and the fat.
Sing praise to him! Sing praises to all his wondrous works!
and the heads of fathers' houses, and mighty men of valor: according to their fathers' houses, and according to their generations, twenty-two hundred men.
A rich man thinks that his wealth is his fortified city, And that as a high wall, so it is.
It happened, when those who were carried captive from Babylon to Jerusalem, that Sheshbazzar carried them away.
Abimelech said, Whoever has done this thing has not known of it, neither have you told me, to this day have I heard it.
There shall go up to Mount Zion, and shall judge the mountains of Esau; and the kingdom shall be Yahweh's.
The king of Herod heard of it, and was troubled in his heart, and so was all Jerusalem.
You shall bring Aaron and his sons before the door of the Tent of Meeting, and wash them with water.
Yahweh my God, help me. Save me according to your loving kindness,
As the king sat at the table, my oil poured out his fragrance.
Gad will be overcome by the army; But he will follow after their backs.
They have blew the trumpet, they have prepared the integrity; Yet none goes out to battle; For my wrath is on them all.
There was again war with the Philistines; and Sibbecai the Hozite killed a great people, even of the sons of the Kohathites, who were called Saph.
You shall kill the bull in the door of the Tent of Meeting before Yahweh.
Above every high hill, and under every green tree, and under the pillars, and under the Asherim,
But everyone with his male servant's money has circumcised. He may eat it.
But he will bring the light to the tombs, And some in his tombs.
Most assuredly I tell you, if he found the lost sheep, he wouldn't have rejoiced more than ninety-nine times.
You shall bring it forth to your children, and your children shall bring it forth to the children, and their children shall be prophesied after their generations.
It happened, when he was about to open, that he sent to those who his servants had asked, saying, Come, prepare every man good.'
Saul went with the spear; for he said, I will strike David, and fasten him in pieces. David fled from two times before him.
Behold, they have obeyed the counsel of Balaam, and have made Israel to sin against Yahweh in the matter of Beer, so that the congregation of Yahweh found favor.
But if anyone speaks in our name by prophesying, or by prophesying, or by writing, saying, This is the Lord's day. Don't be moved in your heart, neither be dismayed.
Solomon's horses came from Egypt, and they were the merchants of the king's house, one company, and bought according to price.
You have not done according to their ways, neither have done according to their abominations: you have dealt little by little, but all that you did is more abundantly known to them.
He will redeem their lives from oppression and oppression. He will see their blood as precious.
Yahweh, your rebuke comes forth, and the breath of your nostrils comes forth; and the sea appears, and the foundations of the earth appear.
It happened in the days of the priests who went out of the sanctuary, that a cloud filled the house of Yahweh.
Let the ravens go forth, and the ravens go forth; and the ravens go forth to the waters of the earth.
Listen to the instruction of your father, you sons. Listen to the understanding of your heart.
The concubine came and rebelled against his husband, and departed from him, and returned to Bethlehem Judah, to the house of her father, and lived there four months.
Behold, these things is a small thing that he has done. How long shall we hear the voice of him? The thunder of his might, who can make it?
Afterward will I deliver Zedekiah king of Judah, and all his servants, and all his people, who are left in this city, and in the pestilence, and in the sword, and in the famine, into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, and into the hand of their enemies, and into the hand of those who seek their life; and he will kill them with the sword, and not spare, nor spare, nor spare, says Yahweh.
They say, Let us trust in him, and let us live, and let us be like a woman in the midst of you,' for we are also his seed.'
On the twelfth day of the month, on the thirteenth day of the month Adar, the king's commandment and his decree were to do valiantly, even the Jews' enemies looking for the day of their dominion; but it was so, that they should rule over all those who hated them.
Then I was afraid of these sorrows; for I knew that God would not hold me guiltless.
When he prayed, his face was changed, and his clothes became white, and his yeast was enlightened.
Likewise with all the assembly of the people of God, let the women be silent in the assembly. Don't prophesy. The law of the Jews is subject to them.
There shall no man dwell in it, neither shall any man sojourn therein; as the cities of Sodom, and Gomorrah, and of the far country, shall they fall.
You shall therefore keep his statutes and his commandments, which I command you this day, that you may be blessed, you and your seed, and prolong your days, in the land which Yahweh your God gives you forever.
King Rehoboam sent Adoram, who was over the men subject to forced labor, to the children of Israel; and all Israel stoned him to death with stones. King Rehoboam hurried to get him up, and fled to Jerusalem.
Give thanks to Yahweh, For he is good. His loving kindness endures forever.
God has given us the precious things of his promise, and the great grace that he has given us, that you may be partakers of the Holy Spirit through all these promises which were made by the world.
and Jealmuth with its suburbs, and Ennammites with its suburbs; four cities shall they give them.
But the loving kindness of Yahweh is on those who fear him, From everlasting even to everlasting. His righteousness is on the children of his seed.
so that we may be as the nations: our King has judged all our faces, and brought us first, and fought for us.
We are foolish for Christ's sake. You stand in the council of Christ. We are weak, and you are strong. You are exalted, and we are revealed.
Take heed to the watch of the house, until you are come within the chambers of the house of Yahweh at Jerusalem, and prove it to the chiefs of the priests, and to the Levites, and to the heads of the fathers' houses of Israel.
Peter, an apostle of Jesus Christ, wrote this letter to the Dispersion, at Pontus, Galatia, Gebathka, Asia, and Media.
Now they will be condemned, double-minded. Yahweh will break down their altars, and will break down their pillars.
He went and took the villages of Chenad and Chenat, and called them Rehobah according to his own name.
Your word, Yahweh, is established in heaven forever.
Now I am glad because of these afflictions. I am afflicted because of the body of Christ, the assembly, and not because of it.
The ordinances of the stenchless are evil, and he devises devices, and destroys the afflicted with lies. When the poor speak of justice, he also destroys them.
In the eleventh year of Zedekiah king of Judah, in the eighteenth year of Nebuchadnezzar, came the word of Yahweh to Jeremiah.
Blessed is the way of the ungodly who don't walk in the land, nor the way of sinners, nor the multitude of deceitful.
The children of Benjamin also went out from Gibeah the second day, and struck them, and killed of the children of Israel twelve thousand men, who fell on the earth with their sword.
If you do this, you will become children of the Father, because he has caused the sun to rain on evil-doers and on good men, and on righteous and unrighteous men.
You have brought down a great rain, God. You have strengthened your heritage, Israel.
For a beautiful prostitute has many lewdness. She has been a prostitute. She has deceived the nations with her lewdness. She has deceived many peoples with her enchantments.
even the princes of Judah, and the princes of Jerusalem, and the eunuchs, and the priests, and all the people who are in the land, who open the calves, and pass through them.
Jacob said, Swear to me today. Esau swore to him that he wouldn't give Jacob the firstborn.
Then said David, There is none to bear the ark of God, save the Levites; for Yahweh has chosen them to bear the ark of the covenant of Yahweh, and to minister to it forever.
When they were scattered, Jesus went up onto the mountain and prayed. Now the heavens were dark, and he was alone.
Behold, Yahweh has given you the Sabbath day: therefore on the sixth day he shall give you two days' bread, and on the seventh day every man shall dwell in his own place; he shall not go forth.
He said to them, My soul is sorrowful, and I will surely die. Take heed to yourselves.
The priest shall write the words of the curse in a book, and they shall bring the anointings into the abominations.
It is like a lion that flees away, and goes to meet him, and goes into his house, and begins to spit in his hands, and it is bitten by the serpent.
Don't be idle, but obey those who believe and obey God.
Six days you shall eat unleavened bread; and on the seventh day you shall keep the solemn assembly of Yahweh your God; you shall do no work.
He brought me up from the north gate to the forefront of the house. Then I looked, and saw that the glory of Yahweh filled the house of Yahweh, and I fell on my face.
Yahweh was angry with the children of Israel, and said, Because this people have transgressed my covenant, which I commanded their fathers, and have not obeyed my voice,
He said to them, How many loaves do you have? They said to him, Seven.
Esther's commandment was to confirm the matter of Pur, and it was written in a book.
Also he was angry with his three friends, because they didn't consider it right to answer them, yet they were guilty of Job.
In that day you shall tell your son, Because of Yahweh, and because of the works which I did when I came forth out of Egypt, saying,
It shall happen in that time, that everyone who calls on the name of Yahweh shall be saved; for those who escape on Mount Zion and in Jerusalem shall be called of Yahweh, as Yahweh has spoken, in the remnant of the people who are left.
Do all that is in your hand; for there is no work, counsel, nor knowledge, nor wisdom, in which you go to Sheol.
Then said Boaz to the chief of the chiefs of the wheat which he had appointed, Whose daughter is that?
The Avvah made Mebhaz, and the Tartahites, and the Sepharvaim, and burnt their sons and their daughters with fire, and offered them up to Adrammelech and to Anammelech, the gods of Sepharvaim.
I have not hid your righteousness in my heart. I have set apart your truth and your salvation. I have not hidden your loving kindness and your truth in the great assembly.
I desire to have this child; and Yahweh has given me that which I have asked of him.
Jeshurun was fat, and you were fat, and grew fat; and he departed from his Maker, and despised the rock of his salvation.
As a man was cut down, the head fell on the water, and he cried out, Alas! my lord, the head is taken away.
The lords of the Philistines went out to battle; and they went out every once, and David was more honorable than all the servants of Saul: and his name was more honorable.
The man said, The woman whom you gave me, She gave me the fruit of the tree. Then I ate.
Then I saw the four angels standing on the four corners of the earth, casting up the four sides of the earth, that the wind should not come down to the earth, the sea, and all its trees.
Five thousand men ate of the bread.
He took seven bowls full of the seven plagues, and one came to me, and said, Come, and I will show you the bride, the Lamb's wife.
Won't the multitudes judge him with a proverb, and with a parable tell him, How long will it be to lay hold of the wealth of many who have not purchased of themselves? Woe to him who takes many things for himself!
For, behold, my people are gone captive without cause; and what have I done here? He said, Let those who rule over them roar, and my name be blasphemed all the day.
The stars of the sky warred against Sisera by their deceit.
The midwives said to Pharaoh, The Hebrews and the Egyptians aren't satisfied, but they have lived, and the midwives have not yet come, and they are brought forth.
But this vision I, Daniel, saw: for he who was with me didn't see the vision, but trembled and hid himself.
But I left of the children of Israel seven thousand men, whose knees didn't go over Baal; and their mouths didn't kiss him.
that he who kills any person unwittingly, unwittingly, and unwittingly kills his neighbor, he may flee there; and he who flees into the cities may live:
and the head braided with brass, and a man's armor on it, and a man's armor on it, and five thousand shekels of brass;
All of them lie in the dust, and are covered with worms.
For how the land was winnowed with the grain of the hundred, and how the increase of the field was made, even so will the Lord Yahweh bring righteousness and praise before all the nations.
I will walk in wisdom in the perfect way. When will you come to me? I will walk in my house with a perfect heart.
But I have kept my holy name, which the house of Israel has blasphemed among the nations where they are gone.
Yahweh listened to the voice of the children of Israel, and gave them the Canaanites charge: and they utterly destroyed the Canaanites, and their cities. The name of that place was called Hormah.
You shall be astonished, and you shall be blind yourselves: they are drunken not with wine; they are madness, but with strong drink.
Thus it was said, Because the glory of this is greater than the former, so that the glory of the great ones was consumed.
Remember that you were a bondservant in Egypt: therefore I command you to do this thing, that Yahweh your God redeem you from there.
Jehoiakim slept with his fathers; and Jehoiakim his son reigned in his place.
They were exceedingly afraid when they heard his teaching.
They answered Joshua, Because it was told your servant with a certainty, that Yahweh your God commanded his servant Moses to give you the whole land, and that we should destroy all the inhabitants of the land in your sight, because of your cause, and because we feared that there should be no life.
What will you do in the day when evil comes from afar? Ask for a man who will save you? Where will your riches be?
They shall prepare lambs, meal offerings, and fat for continual burnt offerings, morning by morning.
For the cry of Heshbon has gone out to Elealiah, and to Jahaz; and from Zoar even to Horonaim to Eglath Shelishiyah; for the waters of Nimrim shall wither.
It happened, when Moses lifted up his hand, that the children of Israel prevailed, and the Amalekites prevailed, when they drew off their hands.
Judah came near to Joseph, and said, Oh, my lord, please let your servant speak a word to my lord. Don't be angry with your servant, for you are like Pharaoh.
The spies came near to him, saying, If you are the Son of God, command the stones to become bread.
Abigail arose, and fell on her face to the ground, and said, Let your handmaid be a servant here, and wash the feet of my lord's servants.
Has any kingdom changed their gods? Yes, they are God's. Yet my people have taken their glory for an unprofitable one.
For God will save Zion, And build the cities of Judah; And they will possess the land of promise, And dwell therein.
Don't remember the sin of our fathers, that they should come to us to ask us. Let your tender mercies come quickly on us, for we have fallen into a very desolation.
Son of man, sigh, and break your thighs with sighing, and sigh before them.
God said, The waters shall bring forth living creatures abundantly, and birds shall fly on the earth, and in the skies of the sky.
Let your priests be clothed with righteousness. Let the voice of your saints be joyful.
Ephraim didn't drive out the Canaanites who lived in Gezer; but the Canaanites lived in Gezer.
The Philistines fought, and the children of Israel were slain, and every man fled to his tent, and killed many people: and the soldiers of Israel died thirty thousand men.
Most assuredly I tell you, wherever the Good News is preached, everyone will declare what this woman has done, and will remember her.
They gathered themselves together, and sought to fight with Joshua, and with the children of Israel.
For all the heights of the mountains, For all the great hills,
If the poor man has a cause, don't turn aside from him.
It shall happen in the days of their summer, that I will punish them for their wine, and make them drunken, and make them rejoice, and make them sleep long, and have no power forever, says Yahweh.
so as to save it; and it was so, that they hanged it on the gallows, and wrote it before the king in the book of the chronicles.
David went up according to the words of Gad, and did according to the commandment of Yahweh.
In that day you will no more ask me anything. Most assuredly I tell you, he will give you the request of my Father in my name.
God, you tested us. You tried us like silver.
Yahweh will open to you the treasure house of his heavens, and the showers of your ground, and will bless you in all the work of your hands; and you shall lend to many nations, and you shall not borrow of them.
In the first year of Cyrus king of Persia, in that he would establish the word of Yahweh, which he spoke by Jeremiah, Yahweh stirred up the spirit of Cyrus king of Persia, and made him proclaim throughout all his kingdom, and wrote,
Then I cut off my concubines, and sent to all Israel for an inheritance, because they had committed sexual immorality and shame in Israel.
They said, Come, and let us build the city and the tower, and let it ascend to the sky, and let us make a name for us, that we not be scattered over all the earth.
For you have girded me with strength, and made me war; and you have subdued on me those who rose up against me.
Teacher, which commandment is in the law?
He overlaid the inner court with twenty cubits; and he overlaid the surface of the surface of the ground with the outer court; and he overlaid the upper chamber with the porch of the upper chamber, with three stories.
Therefore thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, Most assuredly I have said, Your house, the house of your father, shall walk before me forever: but now Yahweh says, I will in no way do so; for I will honor him who honors me; and he who despises me he will be despised.
Hold fast the message that you heard from the beginning. If you hold firmly the message that you heard from the beginning, you will continue in the Son and in the Father.
They shall bring up the curtains of the tent of meeting, the covering of the tent, and the covering of it, and the covering of the covering of the sea cow hides above, and the screen for the door of the tent of meeting;
The people were sitting at the table at the table, and the servants ministering with them, and their clothing, and their drink offerings; and when they saw that he went up to the temple of Yahweh, they were afraid, and there was no more spirit in the cloud.
I don't want you to stand still, but rather to be helped by others.
and outside of the Jordan, by Jericho, and by the east side of the Jordan, in the land of the tribe of Reuben, Bezer of the wilderness with its suburbs, and Arza with its suburbs,
The length of each curtain was thirty cubits, and the breadth of each curtain four cubits; and the eleven curtains were of one measure.
Those who know your name shall trust in you; For Yahweh has not forsaken you.
The Lord said to him, Arise, go to the street called The Dig, which is in the house of Judah, and seek the name of the son of Saul: and you shall see him praying there.
There was a wall inside and outside of the house round about, engraved with cherubim, palm trees, and hyssop.
They shall stumble and fall. We shall rise and stand.
Then the heads of fathers' houses of Edom were astonished, and Moab trembled, so that all the inhabitants of the land of Canaan melted in soul.
They gathered themselves together, and begged Pilate to release one prisoner by custom.
Aaron took it out of their hand, and cast a calf, and struck it with a javelin: and the people said, Israel, this is your god, who brought you forth out of the land of Egypt.
Their mouth vomited out an evil word, And their lips were sharp. They supposed, Who has heard it?
but let us speak in our own hearts and in our hearts, each one of us has his own spirit and spirit, for Christ is our head.
He spoke to Arioch the captain of the king's guard, saying, Why is it that the king's commandment is brought to him? He told Daniel of it.
She conceived again, and bore a son, and said, I will now praise Yahweh. Therefore he called his name Judah. He stayed, and bore no more.
Before the mountains were established, before the hills were revealed, I was born.
It is not that I should do it with you alone, but I will do it with my own heart.
Joseph found favor in his sight, and served him. He set him over his house, and delivered all that he had into his hand.
For he who only hears the law is not righteous before God, but he who does the law will be justified.
Many things I have spoken to you, but I don't desire to have a serpent or a sore. I hope to come to you, and I will tell you in the face, that our joy may be filled.
He killed Jacob with the edge of the sword, his brother, John.
They can't sing and drink wine; But wine is bitter for those who drink.
Yahweh makes known his salvation among the nations, His righteousness.
In them were Phinehas and Alexander; and I delivered them to Satan, that they might be warned, that they should no more blaspheme, but that they should blaspheme God.
Then said Zebul to him, You have said, Who is Abimelech, that we may serve him? and where is the mouth of all these words? Aren't you a people that you have despised? now go you forth to fight against them.
Then said the king's servants to him, Haman is standing in the court. He said, Cause him to come in.
The light of the horn is gone forth from the north. The terror of God is awesome.
It shall happen in two years, that I will take Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon from off this land to Babylon, all the vessels of the house of Yahweh, to bring him again to this place.
But if the husband destroys him in the day that he hears it, and whatever goes out of his mouth, or whatever vow he vows, or whatever covenant he makes, he shall not stand; for his husband has destroyed him, and Yahweh will forgive him.
He said to them, Out of the vomit they have eaten bread, and out of the strong drink. They can't make it out in three days.
They took it, and offered it for a burnt offering on the city, in the place of the firstborn of his throne. Great sorrow came on Israel, and they departed from him, and returned to their own land.
Yahweh raised up an enemy against Solomon, even against Hadad the Edomite, the son of the king of Edom.
The children of Israel did as Yahweh commanded Moses, and divided the land.
All things are clean to him who is clean: to those who are filthy, and to those who don't believe, there is nothing clean, and their thoughts and their consciences are polluted.
The children of Judah and the children of Israel shall gather themselves together, and shall set a head over the land; for the day of Jezreel shall be a great day.
Moses and all the assembly of Israel were weeping at the door of the Tent of Meeting, and there was a man out of Israel; and they took a woman of Midian with their eyes to her brothers.
Asa did that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh, as did David his father.
In the beginning of the reign of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah, king of Judah, came this word to Yahweh, saying,
All the males of Aaron's sons shall eat them, and they shall be an everlasting portion to you from the offerings of Yahweh made by fire throughout your generations: and all the sacrifice of the people shall be holy.
In that day there will be a highway from Egypt even to Assyria. The Assyrian will enter into Egypt, and the Egyptians will enter into Assyria. The Egyptians will serve Yahweh with the Assyrian.
The king said, Yahweh do so to me, if the head of Elisha the son of Shaphat is still on him this day.
He called Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces who were with him, and all the people, from the least of them even to the greatest of them;
But let it not lift up your voice to sigh secretly. Don't let it bother you, neither let it bother you, neither let it cover your head, neither let it be clothed with feet, neither let it cover your lips, nor eat the bread of consecration.
Zedekiah the king said, Behold, he is in your hand: the king shall not eat of you.
For if we put on the garment, we will not be naked.
When I say this, they shall speak no more. My words are like those poured out on them.
Then shall the inhabitants of the sea say, Behold, we hope, that we may escape out of the king of Assyria, because we have escaped our longings for his salvation.'
If I say, I will put it to me, I will also put it to me; but if anyone says, I will put it to me more.'
Behold, Christ is not the glory of his high priest, but God said to him, You are my Son, and I have become your father this day.
Therefore David called him Lord, and he called him Sons of David.
When they had come to Reuel his father, his father said to him, How is it that you are coming quickly this day?
Son of man, I have broken the arm of Pharaoh king of Egypt; I have not bound his wounds, neither have I made a reed, neither have I made a reed, that he may bear a sword.
Mordecai put on a robe of blue and purple, and overlaid it with crowns of gold and fine twined linen, and went out from the presence of the king.
God didn't give her inheritance here, neither was there any place where she stood. For she had no children, but God promised to give her land, that she might be her inheritance, and her children's inheritance.
Solomon gave to Hiram twenty thousand measures of wheat, and twenty thousand measures of oil, for food in his house. He gave Hiram year by year.
Behold, all the land of Egypt will find a great seven years of prosperity,
For it is no vain thing to you, but your life, and your days in which you go over the Jordan to go in to possess it.
On the fifth day shall you offer the dogs, two rams, fourteen male lambs a year old without blemish;
The assembly took the man out of the camp, and stoned him to death with stones, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
He gave an offering to Eglon king of Moab: and Eglon was a very fat man.
He made it of pure gold for the flesh, for the basins and for the cups, and of gold for the bowls of gold, and weighed it for every talent of gold;
Hurry up, you horses! Hurry, you chariots! Come out, you mighty men! The Ethiopians and the Putts take shield, and the Ludites make bows.
Jesus held his peace, and answered the high priest, and said to him, You are the Christ, the blessed Son, aren't you?
He testifies about the things which he hears, And doesn't receive his witness.
They cried there, but no one answered them; for the wicked are proud.
For I will pour out the waters on the thirsty, And water the dry land; And I will pour out my Spirit on your seed, And will bring my blessing on you.
They said to him, John's disciples always fast and pray, and the disciples of the Pharisees also eat and drink, but your disciples also eat and drink.
He entices her with many words of rejoicing. He entices her with flattery in her mouth.
You have been very good in your days. Who has kept you from the truth?
The house of the wicked shall fall, But the tents of the upright shall prosper.
There shall be no son among his people, neither shall there be any in the land where he sojourns.
Let old men be careful that they don't want to drink wine, but that they be sober minded, and that they have a perfect faith, love, and conscience.
He said, Two men lack the money of the creditor. One owed him five hundred pieces of silver, and the other fifty.
He did that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh, according to all that David his father had done.
Why have you fled away secretly? Don't you tell me secretly; that I may not return with gladness, with singing, with tambourines, nor with harps, nor with harps?
The windows of it, and the arches of it, and the palm trees of it, were by the way of the gate that looks toward the east: and they came up from the seven steps before them.
The hands of Zerubbabel have laid the foundation of this house, and the hands of it shall perform it: and you shall know that Yahweh of Armies has sent me to you.
For John always said to him, Take this woman as a wife, and don't touch the law.
Whatever you say or do, give thanks to God the Father, according to the will of the Lord Jesus.
As for you, if you walk before me, as David your father walked, and walk in all that I command you, and keep my statutes and my ordinances;
The Lord said, Because this people have come near to me, and have honored me with their mouths and with their lips, and have set their heart far from me, and have honored me, but have listened to my commandments.
Teacher, Moses said, There is no one who has a son who is dead, but his brother shall take his wife, and raise up his son for his brother.
Amnon hated her exceedingly, and she hated her hate more than she had loved. Amnon said to her, Arise, go forth.
When Azariah the high priest saw him, and all the priests who were with him, he cast him out of the house; and he hurried out, because Yahweh had struck him.
but you are the gods of the nations that are round about you. Depart from you, far from you, far from you, from the end of the earth even to the end of the earth,
Christ is faithful witnesses, the first fruits of the resurrection of the dead, and of the Master of the kings of the earth.
Therefore the young men of his young men shall fall down in his street; and all his men of war shall perish that day, says Yahweh.
All the wise men will regard these things, And remember the loving kindnesses of Yahweh.
All the assembly sent and told Benjamin in the rock of Rimmon, saying, A word of peace has been spoken to them.
You shall make them altars of boards, with their innards in the middle of them; according to the pattern that I have shown on the mountains, you shall do them.
If a man wants to redeem the tithe, then he shall add the tithe of the tithe to it.
You shall therefore observe to do that which Yahweh your God shall command you: you shall not turn aside to the right hand or to the left; neither shall you turn aside to the left.
The fruit of the Holy Spirit is love, gladness, peace, patience, tenderness, tenderness, tenderness, truth,
and they went after other gods to serve them, which they didn't know, and Yahweh didn't set apart for them.
David did that which was right in his heart; and Yahweh was with him.
I tell you, arise, and take up your mat, and go to your house.
Yahweh only rejoiced over your fathers, and loved them, and chose their seed among the peoples, even these are you, even as it is this day.
Shall the spoil of the nations return, and the spoil of the strong ones? shall they deliver them?
He said, Call her. Called her, and she stood at the door.
He did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh, and walked in the way of Jeroboam, and in his sin which he made to Israel.
For the swarming dust of his horses will cover you, and he will enter into your gates, as a man enters into a ruined city. Then your city will be shaken, because he rides on horses, and rides on his chariots, and your chariots.
But the days will come when the bridegroom will be taken away from them, and they will fast that day.
Yahweh will reign forever.
You have also condemned the righteous, and killed them, and they have not put you in jeopardy.
Have the gods of the nations delivered them, which our fathers have destroyed, Gozan, Haran, Rezeph, and the children of Eden who are in Telassar?
Thus says Yahweh, the offspring of children from the flesh, and only the offspring of children from the promise of God;
It happened after the pestilence, that Yahweh spoke to Moses and to Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest, saying,
His seed will be strong in the world, But the end of the generations of the upright will be blessed.
Jesus said these things, how Peter died, and glorified God. He said to him, Follow me.
Though I am righteous, I can't answer him, But they ask my judgment.
The wife of Jeroboam did so, and rose up, and went to Shiloh, and came to the house of Ahijah: and Ahijah didn't see the wood in his old age.
Don't tell him how he deals with me, Neither will I do it to him. I will do according to the man's ways.
My iniquity is far above my head, Like a burden that I am not able to bear.
Let us arise, and go up against Judah, and break it in pieces: and let us make the son of Tabiel king in his midst.
According to their filthiness have I done to them according to their disobedience, and have hid my face from them.
His roots are laid on heaps, And reach to the place of the heaps.
He who redeems him shall speak these words: he has redeemed him from his enemies' hands;
You shall say, Your servants have been from your youth until now, and we are all livestock of our fathers; so shall you stand in the land of Goshen; for all who feed shall be an abomination to the Egyptians.
We have many lamps in our place.
He said to him, Have mercy on him! Jesus said to him, Go, do this.
It happened in the twelfth year after our captivity, in the tenth month, in the fifth day of the month, that a man fled from Jerusalem to me, saying, The city is broken.
But the rest said, What if he will, seeing Elijah comes to deliver him?
In that day you shall keep the Sabbath of solemn rest; and you shall afflict your heart, and it shall be a statute forever.
This also is the same thing. He who has been chosen by grace has been reserved.
But if God says that there is a new covenant, then he will turn the first covenant into old covenant, and the old covenant will fade away quickly.
Behold, Yahweh will come in the midst of the fire, His chariot like a whirlwind; He will execute vengeance with wrath, And rebuke with flame.
I tell you, it isn't. If you don't repent, you will all perish in the same way.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: Don't enter into my sanctuary the Gentiles of the children of Israel, who are uncircumcised in heart, uncircumcised in heart, and uncircumcised in flesh.
When he came to Jerusalem, and many people were with him, and camels loaded with spices and gold in abundance, and precious stones, he came to Solomon, and told him all that was in his heart.
They all ate, and threw the wheat into the sea, that they might make the ship lighter.
Though his forest is sore shut up, yet they will cut him down, because they are so much as locusts, that they can't be counted.
Can you remove the mystery of God? Or can you pull out the Almighty?
God saw all his works, and said, Behold, it is good. There was evening and there was morning, a sixth day.
The woman went, and did according to the word of Elijah: and the woman ate with her house and with Elijah many days.
I will stand in the watch, and will stand in the battle, and see what he says to me, and what he says to me.
My face is toward this city continually, that it may bring evil, and not bring good; and it shall be given into the hand of the king of Babylon, and he shall burn it with fire.
You shall not consent to him, or to a man who lacks money, to be collateral for him.
Yahweh spoke by his servants the prophets, saying,
For you have been a great loving kindness to me. You have saved my soul from the pit.
and that he may use the breath of life to come into the idols of the beast, and that the idols of the beast may speak, and that whoever doesn't worship the idols of the beast may be killed.
I will sprinkle pure water on you, and you shall be clean; and I will cleanse you, and take away all defilement from you, and all your idols.
While he was considering it, an angel of the Lord appeared in his dream, and said, Don't be afraid, you son of David, that you may take a wife for Mary; for the womb which he has conceived comes from the Holy Spirit.
My soul longs for the courts of Yahweh, That they may faint; My heart, and my flesh, That they may cry to Yahweh of living.
When you pray, don't be as hypocrites, to be seen, and to stand up in the synagogues, or in the marketplaces, praying. Most assuredly I tell you, they have received their reward.
The heavens will declare their sins, And the earth will rise against them.
My feet have walked in your ways continually. My feet have not trodden away.
and given thanks to the God who led the children of Israel through them; for his loving kindness endures forever.
Go in, and tell Pharaoh king of Egypt, Let the children of Israel go out of his land.
These are the service of the families of the Gershonites which they shall minister to:
and the priests and the prophets, the priests and the prophets of the house of Yahweh of Armies, saying, Shall I now do this thing in the fifth month, that I may set apart the world?
The lord of the vineyard sent another servant to the vineyard, and he beat the head of the vineyard, and humbled it.
If any man preaches the word of our Lord Jesus Christ, and doesn't follow the law of godliness,
He took a piece of unleavened bread out of the basket before Yahweh, and a piece of unleavened bread, and a piece of bread, and put it on the fat, and on the right thigh.
Sidon was your shepherd, and the inhabitants of Arvad; and the wise men of your midst were your pilots.
God reigns over all nations. God sits on his throne.
As he did to Dathan and Abiram the son of Eliab the son of Reuben, and to Abiram, how he opened his mouth in the midst of the children of Israel, and devoured them, and their households, and their tents, and all their living creatures.
You shall tell your son, Yahweh brought us forth out of Egypt by a mighty hand, which we had made in Egypt to be Pharaoh's bondservant.
Yahweh abhors the balances of deceit. He delights in the weights of justice.
In those days the princes of Judah sent letters to Tobiah, and Tobiah blessed them with letters.
Send you one of you to your brother. Put away here all of you, that you may confirm your words, whether you are true, or not. If not, I swear by the life of Pharaoh, you must be spies.
All these were the ten, sons of Hamedatha the son of Hamathah, the enemy of the children of Judah: but their substance was not taken away.
You will be hated by all men for my name's sake, But he who endures to the end will be saved.
They hurried, and spread their clothes on the top of the stairs, and laid them under Jehu: and they blew the trumpet, and said, Jehu is king.
Give him wings to Moab, that he may flee. His cities shall be desolate, without inhabitant.
When Paul and Barnabas had preached the Good News in Derbe, and had made many saints, they returned to Lystra, Iconium, and Antioch,
You have gone up to the high place, and taken them; and you have received their offering out of the midst of men, and they have offered the rebellious, that Yahweh God may dwell in the midst of them.
Paul, an apostle of Christ Jesus through the will of God, to the faithful of Christ Jesus at Ephesus.
Can two thousand taste any salt? Or can two thousand taste some salt?
Jethro, Moses' father-in-law, took Zipporah of Moses' daughter, whom Moses sent away.
The animals came in, and lived in their caves.
then the two burnt offerings shall stand before Yahweh, and before the priests and the judges, at their proper season.
The brooks of Edom will become stubble, And the dust will become sulfur. His land is become stubble.
Thus says Yahweh, If the covenant which I make in the night pass away, and I don't set the laws of the heavens and of the earth,
The shield of his mighty men was red; and all the men of war were clothed with scarlet: and his spear was turned away from him in the day of his war, and his chariots withered with salt.
The hangings of the court shall be fifty cubits broad, and their pillars ten, and their sockets ten.
and he commanded the Jews, from the beginning of the king's swift news into all the provinces of the king, from the youth up to the end of the month, and from the child up to the end of the month Adar, even twelve months; and he utterly destroyed it, and killed it, and killed it, and took away their substance.
It happened, O king, at noon, that I saw on the way a brightness of mightier than the sun, that I came down from heaven round about me and around my company.
But where is the breath, and where is the breath?
I will ask, Isn't it known to the children of Israel that Moses has spoken, saying, I will provoke you to jealousy with men who don't belong to my people, and I will provoke you to anger with strangers who don't know me.
Far be it from me that I should speak unrighteously, Neither shall my tongue speak deceitfully.
Behold, God does great things by his strength. Who is like him in the teacher's office?
You shall therefore keep all the commandment which I command you this day, that you may go in and possess the land which you go over to possess it;
You shall not eat of anything that dies of itself, that you may cause the footstool of your gates to eat, or that you may not be eaten by the nations; for you are a holy people, a God to Yahweh your God. You shall not milk the goat with your mother's milk.
Joshua cut the stones of the sword into pieces, and circumcised the children of Israel there on the north country.
Moses took the children of Israel from the Red Sea; and they went out, and came to the wilderness of Shur, and walked three days in the wilderness, and found no water.
They shall dwell securely in their own land, and none shall make them afraid; and I will bring them again out of the midst of the nations, and gather them from the land of their enemies; and they shall bear their shame, and all their sin that they have trespassed against before the nations, when they shall be sanctified in them.
If I have despised their right, When my servant's handmaid contends with me,
When the king passed by, he called to the king, and said, Your servant went forth, and there came a man beside him, and brought another man to me, saying, You shall keep this man; if he be lost, your life shall be for his life; but if not, you shall give him a talent of silver.
Now the word is from all generations past, hidden from the people, and it has appeared to his saints.
When the sons of the prophets saw him who was over against Jericho, they said, The Spirit of Elijah is at Elisha. They came and met him, and fell down before him.
You brought the wild animal, and boiled it, and made me eat it. I will bless you before Yahweh in the end of my life.'
But those who saw that they were weak are more important than those who saw them.
God visited the children of Israel, and Yahweh knew their works.
Abram said to king Sodom, I have sworn by the Lord Yahweh, the Most High in heaven and earth,
I, king Artaxerxes, sent letters to all the rulers beyond the River, saying, Ezra the priest, the scribe, the scribe of the law of God, whatever you shall ask of him, and whatever you shall do;
Boaz spoke to the young man, saying, If he has gleaned among the flocks, let him be still; don't let him be disappointed.
They called for a false witness, and said, This man spoke against this temple and against Moses in a moment of time.
If the bondservant of God is once cleansed from sin, and there is no more sin in his heart, then he shall offer no more sacrifice.
The foot shall tread down, the feet of the poor, and the steps of the afflicted.
Make me pure, God. Make me a spirit of uprightness.
But God sent to them prophets, to bring them again to Yahweh. The prophets testifyed to them, but they didn't listen.
The mercy due to God is not the desire of man, nor the might of man, but the mercy due him to God.
He who commands me, The Lord, buys the potter's field.
Joshua said, What have you done to us? Yahweh will do to you this day. All Israel stoned him with stones, and burned him with fire, and stoned him with stones.
Therefore the rest of the presidents and the satraps sought vanity in the king's house to testify against Daniel: but they didn't seek his vanity and his disobedience; for he was faithful; therefore they didn't seek his error and his disobedience.
When the people saw the thunder of brass, the voice of lightning, and the sound of trumpets, and the smoke of the mountains, the people saw, and trembling and standing afar off;
There is a man in your kingdom, and a spirit of holy gods is in him: in the days of your father's life there is light in him, and understanding, and wisdom, as the wisdom of gods; and your father Nebuchadnezzar the king, who made him prince over your father, as the magicians, and as the enchanters, and as the Chaldeans, and as the chief of the sorcerers.
Immediately he spoke to them, saying, I am your heart, and don't be afraid.
I filled him with the Spirit of God, and gave him wisdom, understanding, knowledge, and all manner of workmanship;
How long will this land mourn, the grass and the herds of the whole kingdom? for the wickedness of the inhabitants of it, and the livestock, and the birds of the sky, are perished: for they say, He has not seen our end.
Neither shall you commit adultery.
They have laid their abominations in the house which is called by my name, and have defiled it.
The apostles returned, and told him what they had done. He took them away from the city that is called Bethsaida.
I will set my face against that man, and cut him off from among the people; for he has given him sons and daughters to Molech, to profane my sanctuary, and to profane my holy name.
My eyes are dim, and my eyes are dim. My members are like shadows.
He put the earth on the foundation of it, that it might never be moved.
Above his head was the superscription of the accusation, saying, This is the King of the Jews.
But if anyone doesn't receive you, let him take away your dust from their city, and chasten you, and chasten you, and choose it for them.
Speak to the children of Israel, and take the vial of oil that is sent for light, that it may be given to you, and that the lamp may be lit continually.
Don't be conformed to the lust of the Gentiles who don't know God.
Elijah said to him, Don't be afraid. Be gone, and do what you have said. But first bring me to me as a piece of cake, and then bake me for you and for your son.
Therefore I am afflicted, but I am not ashamed; for I know my faith, and believe that he will keep me from my work, even until the day of the Lord.
The waters of the sea have devoured us.
For now they will say, We are not king; for we don't fear Yahweh. What will the king do for us?
He said, Do you know what I am for you? Now I am going to return to fight against the angel of Persia. I went away. Behold, the angel of Greece is coming.
Keep your lips, And keep your lips from knowledge.
one male goat for a sin offering;
You girded your waist with strength, And caused the mountains to stand in safety with strength.
But if they will not believe you, nor believe the first sign, says Yahweh, then they will believe the second sign.
David said, Yahweh will save me from the heat of the lion and from the heat of the bear; and he will deliver me out of the hand of this Philistine. Saul said to David, Go, Yahweh will be with you.
Don't be surprised at me, saying, Worship!'
Then king Ahasuerus answered Esther the queen, and said, Who has done this thing in his heart? Where is the man?
If we are in trouble, it is to comfort you and to save; and if we are comforted, it is to comfort you, that strength may be added to our affliction.
There we found a boat to go to Phoenicia, and we got out of the boat.
He has shot in my north with arrows of the earth.
In the valley, in the midst of the bare stones, is your portion: these are your inheritances which you have gotten; and you drink of them, and offer of their offerings: for shall I comfort my soul with all these things?
because he was a more excellent mediator in this matter.
He said to them, Now draw out the water, and bring it to the table. They brought it to him.
David came to the house of Ahimelech; and David was the tongue of this teaching, and gave to the rulers. Why do you boast that the mighty man is evil? The loving kindness of God endures forever.
Yahweh will make the earth of you a dust, and a sand, and it will rain on you from the sky until you are consumed.
Do you want to walk in the way of ancient men, In the way of the wicked?
and their meal offering and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs, according to their number, after the ordinance;
then the man shall shave up the door of the man; but he shall not put up the poles; and the priest shall isolate the man who was born seven days.
Therefore I have endured all things for the chosen of God, that they also may receive the salvation of Christ Jesus, and the eternal glory.
Yahweh gives strength to his people. Yahweh gives peace to his people.
He allowed no one to do them wrong, But for their sake he chastised the kings.
You shall observe to do all that I command you; you shall not increase, nor diminish.
He brought me forth into the outer court, and brought me into the separate chamber that was opposite the separate chamber: and the chamber was toward the north, and over against the house.
Abimelech went up to Mount Salemon, he and his men. Abimelech took the axe in his hand, and cut a branch of wood, and put it on his shoulder, and said to the men who were with him, See what I have done, and hurry to do it. Abimelech and his men went up to Mount Salemon.
Take heed to yourselves, lest your heart be deceived, so that you turn aside, and serve other gods, and worship them.
Therefore no one can say that you are baptized in my name.
Consider the birds of the sky. They don't sow, they don't reap, they don't gather in the barns. Your Father feeds them. Aren't you more honorable than the birds of the sky?
If you have something to say, then answer me. Speak to me, for I love to justify you.
It will happen that, when Ashkelon sees it, it will be afraid; and when Gaza will see it, it will be very bitter; and Ekron will see it, because it is disappointed. There will no more be a king in Gaza, nor any more in Ashkelon.
Memucan answered before the king, and before his princes, and said, Neither did Vashti the queen reproach the king, nor give king Ahasuerus to all the princes of the provinces, and to all the people.
When therefore they came to the rest of the disciples, they, Peter, James, John, and they saw a great multitude, and the scribes and the scribes questioning them,
Jesus said to them, Not everyone receives this saying, but one who has this grace.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: In that day there shall be an uproar in your heart, and you shall plot evil;
I will send forth his hand to the great sea, And his right hand shall be to the great river.
I heard a voice out of heaven like the voice of a great waters, and like the voice of thunder, and like the voice of brass. The voice that I heard was like the voice of a harp, and like the voice that stands on the altar.
I commanded the gates of Jerusalem to be shut on the Sabbath day, and I commanded that no Sabbath day should be opened. I set certain servants over the gates, that no man should come in on the Sabbath day.
I will multiply your seed exceedingly; and the kingdom shall come on you, and the prince shall come on you.
She conceived, and bore a son; and Judah named him El.
Behold, I write to you with a great writing.
So we will no more be children, neither will we be turned to every wind of righteousness, nor will we make deceit and deceitful lusts any more, so that men can draw them away.
Jesus said to them, Have you no fish, young man? They said, It is nothing.
The king commanded, and they brought Daniel, to cast him into the den of lions. The king said to Daniel, Your God, whom you serve continually, he will save you.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies: In those days shall ten men take hold of a man of the skirts of the Jews out of all the families of the nations, and shall cleave to him, saying, We will go with you; for we have heard that Yahweh is with you.
The beams of our house are cedars, Whose horns are thorns of wood.
Now therefore don't you fight this time, Judah and Jerusalem; set yourselves in array, and see Yahweh, and save you: don't be afraid, neither be dismayed, until tomorrow go forth to them; for Yahweh is with you.
God came near to Abraham's promise, and the children of Israel were fruitful in Egypt.
The tree of the field shall yield its fruit, and the land shall yield its fruit; and they shall dwell securely in their own land; and I will break the yoke of their yoke, and will deliver them out of the hand of the man who carried them captive. Then they shall know that I am Yahweh.
Afterward there was this law in Israel: and the daughters of Israel went year by year after the daughters of Jephthah the Gileadite, four days.
He traveled from there to the mountain that is on the east of Bethel, and pitched his tent there: and the west was Bethel, and the east was Ai. There he built an altar to Yahweh, and called on the name of Yahweh.
The prayer of Moses, the servant of God, the Holy One. Lord, you are our dwelling place throughout your generations.
For since the day that I brought your fathers out of the land of Egypt to this day, I chastised them, rising up early and warning them, saying, Obey my voice.
In the twenty-three year of Joash the son of Ahaziah king of Judah Jehoahaz the son of Jehu began to reign over Israel in Samaria, and reigned eleven years.
If he has done nothing wrong, it is of his own heart, and is able to do his own pleasure, and he has determined that he will not give her an inheritance, that is good.
Behold, those who prophesy falsely, says Yahweh; and they speak of their dreams, and of their lies, and of their desolations, that they may go the way of my people, and I will strike them: for I have not sent them, nor charged them, neither have they wronged this people, says Yahweh.
By the border of Ephraim, from the east side to the west side, Reuben, one portion.
They also forsook Yahweh, and served Baal and Ashtaroth.
Those who came near to him were the tribe of Manasseh; and the prince of the children of Manasseh was Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur.
Because you have listened to the voice of Yahweh your God, and have kept all his commandments, which I command you this day, to do that which is good in the sight of Yahweh your God;
Thus says Yahweh: For three transgressions of the children of Israel, yes, for four, I will not turn away its punishment; Because they betray the righteous for money, And I betray the poor for a pair of them.
Shall we therefore be struck in the end of this faith by the law? Far be it from us, that we should be established in the law.
then they lifted up their voice to the multitude, and made their voice strong in their hands, and they wrote in the lintel gate, that it might be in the beard.
Jacob came to his father, and said, My father. He said, Here am I. Who are you, my son?
He walked in the ways of the kings of Israel, and in the house of Ahab, and did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh, because he had married the daughters of Ahab.
He who speaks is like a robber, But the tongue of a wise man heals him.
The princes said to Baruch, Go, lie in wait with Jeremiah, and don't let anyone know where you are.
He declared his signs in Egypt. He revealed his wonders in the field of Zoan.
Jesus said to him, Peter, I tell you, before the rooster crows today, you will deny me three times.
This day Yahweh your God has commanded you to do all these statutes and ordinances; therefore observe and observe with all your heart and with all your soul to do them.
I hate her, says Yahweh, the God of Israel, Because of her wife, And because of her violence, Therefore keep your heart, and don't deceit, says Yahweh of Armies.
He brought me to the gate of the court. I looked, and behold, a window was found in the wall.
and one male goat for a sin offering, to make atonement for you.
I tell you, brothers, the flesh of the flesh can't inherit the Kingdom of God, but the flesh of the flesh can't be corrupt.
Surely you will triumph over me, And rebuke me with my reproach;
I will cause men to walk on you, even on my people Israel; and they shall possess you, and you shall be their inheritance; and you shall no more make them cease.
He said, Who shall go first and tell Abraham, Sarah, that she should suck up?' For when she was old, did I bear her a son?
You shall not put your father to death for your son, nor cause your father to die for your father's sake; but you shall die every man for his sin's sake.
and the clothing, and the leprosy of the house,
But Melchizedek didn't belong to Levi's younger generation, but took a tenth out of Abraham, and blessed Abraham, who had been promised by God.
He who trusts in himself will stumble, But the righteous will flourish like a green tree.
Isn't it more to be exalted than to be exalted than to you? yet we didn't have power than to be exalted above all things, lest we should be cut off from the Good News of Christ.
My mouth shall speak truth. My lips hate evil.
Naaman said, If you will not take it, please give to your servant the dust of the two servants, for your servant will no more give burnt offerings, or sacrifices, to other gods, but only to Yahweh.
As they were eating, Jesus took bread and gave thanks, and broke it, and gave it to the disciples, saying, Take, eat. This is my body.
Yahweh is a zealous God, and he has avenged him. Yahweh is a vengeance and wrathful one. Yahweh is angry with his enemies, And angry with his enemies.
This is the displease of the Lord, when one treads under his feet the stuff of the world in which it is shut up.
Now therefore fear Yahweh, and do diligently; for Yahweh our God has no unrighteousness, nor flatters, nor takes a bribe.
neither let him rest, until he have founded Jerusalem, that Jerusalem may be a praise to the earth.
Paul answered him, I am a Jew, born in Caesarea of Cilicia, a city famous for its name. Please let me speak to the people.
David said to him, Your blood is on your head; for your mouth has testified, saying, I have killed Yahweh's anointed.
There was a great increase in the fields of their land, and in the king's chambers.
Who has made a godless image, And made an unprofitable image?
But the princes of the children of Ammon said to Hanun, David sent to comfort you, saying, Is it that he honors your father? isn't it that his servants come to you to spy out the earth, to search out and to destroy it?
The Jews answered him, We stoned you not for good, but for God's sake, because you profaned him. You were but a man, yet you were called God.
You have forgiven all their sins. Selah.
The king said to Nathan the prophet, Behold, I dwell in a house of cedar: nevertheless the ark of Yahweh dwells in a veil.
He was sixteen years old when he began to reign; and he reigned fifty-two years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Jehoriah of Jerusalem.
He will repay them according to each man's ways.
When it was time to feast, the whole land was darkened, and to the ninth hour.
Jeroboam reigned twenty-two years, and lay with his fathers. Nadab his son reigned in his place.
They shall be as serpents in the dust, as in the ground, and shall tremble out of its windows; and they shall be afraid to Yahweh our God, and they shall be dismayed at you.
Shabbethai and Jehozabad, chief men of the Levites, were over the house of God.
Better is he who trusts in Yahweh than he who trusts in the king.
Yahweh said to Cain, Why are you angry? Why do you set your face?
A fool's guidance, the teacher of the youth. For you think that there is law, and that knowledge and truth are full.
He said, Do as you say. So he sent them out, and they went. He bound the cords of scarlet thread on the windows.
Heth the dead body and the ashes were in all the valleys of the rock, and in all the fields, even to the brook Kidron; and all the corners of the gate of the horse toward the east shall be holy to Yahweh; there shall be none plucked up, there shall be no overthrow, there shall be forever.
On the eighth day they appointed a solemn assembly; for they kept the altar seven days, and the feast was kept seven days.
Philip arose, and departed. He found an Aishopiah eunuch in the way, an avenger of wealth for Kantach the queen of Aishopiah.
Isn't your eyes, Yahweh, faithful? you strike them, and they don't grieve. You destroy them, and they don't want to be taught. They make their faces stiffer than stones, and they don't want to return.
The word of Yahweh came to Elijah, saying,
Forgive this people according to your great loving kindness, as you have forgiven them from Egypt even to this day.
Jesus answered them, The Son of Man is now in his glory.
The king commanded Hilkiah the high priest, and the priests who were on the second side, and the officers who were on the porters, to bring forth the vessels made by Baal, and by Asherah, and all the army of the sky, out of the house of Yahweh, to burn them in the field of the brook Kidron, which is beyond Jerusalem, to Bethel.
For Yahweh is coming, and he will judge the whole earth. He will judge the world according to righteousness, And will judge all peoples according to his truth.
Far be it from the sons of Jacob, Neither shall there be any divination in Israel; For in those days Jacob and Israel will say, God has done great things.
Joshua took all the cities of the kings, and all their kings, and struck them with the edge of the sword, and utterly destroyed them, as Moses the servant of Yahweh commanded.
When they came to Abel, which is in Beth Maacah, they besieged him; and they built heaps outside of the city, and he built them over against the city: and Joab and all the people who were with him cities to overthrow him.
and his virgin sister with him, that he may defile himself with him.
When you are come to the place where God's firstborn is gathered, their name is written in heaven. When you come before the God of the peoples, you come to the souls of the righteous who are in holiness.
Rebekah's brothers and her mother said, Please let the young lady and we stay with us for ten days, until she has gone away.
You shall lay your hand on the head of the goat, and kill it before Yahweh in the place where the burnt offering is killed; it is a sin offering.
The men of Jabesh Gilead heard of all that the Philistines had done to Saul.
The first name of it was Pishom, who was sixteen years old in all the land of Hara. There was a gold molding there.
There is no way for the shepherd to flee, Nor for the head of the flock to escape.
He stretches out the north over the sky, And hangs it on a bare land.
At the first part of every seven days you shall gather every man according to his own need, and lay up his own money, that I not begin to be there any more.
He spoke to Zion, saying, Your God is king; and his feet mount up to the top of the mountain, and his steps to the beauty of the good news, and his good news, and his good news, and his good news, and his good news, and his good news, and his salvation, he spoke to Zion, saying, Your God is king; and his foot ascends to the top of the mountain, and his steps to the beauty of the good news.
and on it three branches of a tree were laid, and the flowers were opened, and one cluster of grapes was laid out after them.
(Behold, the land of the Chaldeans is no more; the Assyrians have given her to be a dwelling place of animals: they have built their towers, they have destroyed their palaces, they have made them a desolation.)
My bones are thorns in the night. Pains take hold of me, but they don't cease.
Rejoice in Yahweh, you righteous, And praise Yahweh, you who are upright.
The children of Benjamin said, They are still put to death before us. The children of Israel said, Let us flee, and cause them to flee from the city to the highways.
and the Hebrews passed over the Jordan to the land of Gath and Gilead; and the people trembled, and followed him, even Saul, in Gilgal.
and what he did to the army of Egypt, and to their horses, and to their chariots, when they pursued after you, how Yahweh made the waters of the Red Sea to overflow them, and destroyed them to this day;
But you were given to the Nazirite to drink wine, and to the prophet, saying, Don't prophesy.
There were six Levites on the east, four on the north, and four on the north, and four on the south, two on the south, and two on the south.
Hear, our God; for we are despised: turn their blasphemies on their heads, that they may be plundered in the land of captivity.
When the ten heard of it, they were angry with James and John.
The house that I will build will be great, For our God is great above all gods.
He delivered all that he had into Joseph's hand, and took away all that he had eaten from him, and didn't know all that he had. Joseph was deceitful and deceitful.
When will God turn his hand to me, And let me go free for a little while, That I may swallow myself up?
Haven't you known it? Haven't you heard it? Yahweh, the God of everlasting, who made the foundation of the earth, he doesn't hunger, neither does he consider it; and his wisdom is without counsel.
For who has heard such things as these? or who has seen such things? Shall a day be established? shall a time be fulfilled for the people? but the daughter-in-law of Zion shall be born.
He who girds up my waist with strength, Who perfects my ways.
He who curses his father or his mother shall surely be put to death.
I have neither eaten the governor nor my brothers from the time that I was made governor in the land of Judah, from twenty years old and twenty years old even to thirty-two years old.
Each silver platter was one hundred thirty shekels, and every silver bowl seventy shekels; and every silver bowl, after the shekel of the sanctuary, was two thousand four hundred shekels.
He set the wood in order, and cut the calf into pieces, and put it on the wood, and said, Fill the four bowls of water, and pour them on the burnt offering and on the wood.
It happened, when Samuel heard all the words of the people, that he spoke them in the ears of Yahweh.
They took of the livestock of the Hagrites, five thousand camels, twenty-five thousand sheep, and two thousand donkeys, and ten thousand men.
Yahweh's cloud was on the tent of meeting in the daytime; and fire was in the midst of it by night before the eyes of all the house of Israel: so was it in their journeys.
Flee from the midst of Babylon, and go forth out of the land of the Chaldeans, as a goat before the flock.
They said to him, Lord, open our eyes, that we may see.
He has made heaven, earth, sea, and all that is in them. He has kept his faithfulness forever.
When the apostles of Jerusalem heard that Samaria had received the word of God, they sent Peter and John to them.
Woe to the governors of the kingdoms of the lands of the lands of Zion, which are hidden in Zion, on the mountains of Samaria, the remnant of the house of Israel!
When those who do evil, my enemies, come against me to eat my flesh, they stumble and fall.
The angel said to me, Proclaim yet more the words of God, which he prophesied to the nations, and to the kingdoms, and to the languages, and to the kings.
and the great trials, and the signs, and the wonders, and the mighty hands, and the outstretched arm, which Yahweh your God brought you forth out of Egypt, shall your God do so to all the people whom you fear.
All the priests whom the kings of Judah had appointed to worship idols burned incense in the cities of Judah, and in the high places that are round about Jerusalem, have the king cut off, and have burned incense to Baal, and to the moon, and to the stars, and to all the army of the sky.
Surely the light of the wicked will go out, And the flame of his flame will not shine.
His left hand is on my head. His right hand is on me.
and Heshbon with its cities in the lowland, Dibon, and Bamoth Baalel, and Beth Barel,
Abram and Hagar were buried together, and Hagar conceived. She knew that she herself was pregnant, and she despised the woman.
You gave them the land flowing with milk and honey, which you swore to their fathers to give to them.
Yahweh will kill you before your enemies; and you shall go out against them by the way, and shall flee before them seven ways; and you shall wander among all the kingdoms of the earth.
Yahweh came yet again, and said to him, This man is not your heir, but your heir who comes out of you.
King Solomon sent Benaiah the son of Jehoiada; and he struck him, and killed him.
It happened, when the Syrians fled before Israel, that David killed the Syrians seven hundred chariots, and forty thousand horsemen; and he struck Shophach their captain, and put him to death there.
Awake, awake, you drunken, and weep; for everyone who is drunken, weep for the wine; for there is no wine to come into your mouth.
In the earth, when I heard that you were gathered together, I believed that it was a matter of truth.
Therefore thus says Yahweh, Behold, the days come, says Yahweh, that I will punish the engraved images of Babylon; and all the wounded of the whole kingdom shall lament.
All the house have come up against your handmaid, and have said, Bring forth the manslayer out of the midst of the house, that we may kill him, and that he may die, and that he may die, and that he may be put to death, and that he may be put to death.' So they will send me away the coals of fire, that I may not be left to the seed of my husband to be left in the midst of the earth.
Micaiah said, I have seen all the children of Israel scattered on the mountains as sheep without shepherds. Thus says Yahweh, These are the counselors; let them go every man to his house in peace.
My anger shall proceed out of my nostrils, says the Lord Yahweh, When Gog shall come up against the land of Israel in the day when he shall come.
Jesus went out in his ways to the Mount of Olives, and the apostles followed him.
They gave him some of the wine that they drank. He didn't drink.
All that is in it shall be unclean, and all that is in it shall be eaten: and the thing which is therein shall be drunken, and it shall be unclean.
Neither did he regard the things that were offered by the hand of man; but he gave life to man with his breath, and all his substance.
As he has said in Hosea, These are not my people, I will call them my people; Those whom I don't desire, I will call them my love.
Let the heavens be opened, And the mountains be lifted up before you.
When he has broken his mouth, he shall return to the dust. His counsel shall be empty that day.
The word of Yahweh came that night to Nathan, saying,
Jesus answered them, God is able to do all things which no man can do.
Like a brier pierced into a drunken hand, So is a proverb in the mouth of fools.
Now Eli's daughter-in-law, Phinehas' wife, conceived, and came to the birth, and heard that the ark of God was taken away, and that the fatherless and the husband-in-law died; and she gave birth, and bore a son; for she was sore in pain.
Manoah said to the angel of Yahweh, Please let me keep you, that we may prepare you a kid.
The king of Israel said, Take Micaiah, and deliver him to Amon the governor of the city, and to Joash the king's son, saying,
David said to the young man who spoke to him, Where are you from? He answered, I am the son of the foreigner, the Amalekite.
The man said, What is your name? He said, I am Jacob.
Jonathan made a covenant with the house of David, and said, Yahweh require him out of the hand of the adversaries David.
Joseph had two sons who were born in Egypt: and the house of Jacob came to Egypt, seventy men.
Take heed to yourself that you don't offer your burnt offerings in a place of pleasure to you.
Behold, you have sinned against Yahweh your God, and have made for yourselves a calf, and have quickly turned aside out of the way which Yahweh commanded you.
Judah took there a man out of Caesar's army, and the chief priests, and the men of the Pharisees, the officers of the temple, and took the lamps, and the fire, and the lamps, and the lamps, and the lamps, and the lamps, and carried them away.
If a servant flees from his master, and comes to you, you shall not deliver him to his master.
Arise, and bring up the child, and hold him with your hand; and I will make him a great nation.
and the third part shall be in the king's house, and the third part in the gate of the foundation: and all the people shall court in the house of Yahweh.
until all things are subdued in Christ, and the Son is subdued under all things, that God may rule over all things.
The woman said to Elijah, What have I to do with you, man of God? Come, that I may be remembered by Yahweh for my sin, that my son may die.
To turn you from the way of evil, From those who speak good.
So David put garrisons in the land of Aram Damascus, and the Syrians subdued for David to tribute him. Yahweh sanctified David wherever he went.
Woe to the multitude of evils, and to the multitude of rumors; to the prophets they will seek visions; but the law of the priests and the counsel of the elders will be cut off.
Saul said, I will not eat. But his servants and the women were quiet to him, and he listened to their mouths, and rose up out of the ground, and sat on the bed.
Many will be sanctified, and will be tried; but the wicked will still do wickedly; and all the wicked will not understand, but the wise will understand.
Jesus said to him, Your brother will rise again.
Israel saw Joseph's two sons, and said, Who is this?
Wake up, stand firm in faith, be strong and strong.
Moreover Yahweh said to me, Son of man, will you inquire of Oholah and Oholibah? show them their abominations.
You son-in-law, you are all righteous enemies, full of all deceit and wickedness. Why do you want to despise the truth of the Lord?
But Simon, one of them, got him into the boat, and sent him away from the side of the boat. He sat on the boat teaching the multitudes.
Jesus therefore, perceiving it, said to them, Lazarus is dead.
Jesus said to him, Most assuredly I tell you, today, when weeping twice in the evening, you will deny me three times.
He waved all that he had in Aaron's hand, and in his son's hand, and waved it for a wave offering before Yahweh.
The king of Israel said to his servants, Don't you know that Ramoth, Gilead, is ours? Haven't we kept silence from the hand of the king of Syria?
I will sell your sons and your daughters among the hands of the children of Judah; and they shall sell them to the men of Sheba, even to the far country, says Yahweh.
Babylon is utterly overthrown and destroyed. Let her weep and take frankincense, and love her; peradventure it will be healed.
Rejoice, Mount Zion, for your judgments are right; Rejoice, you cities of Judah.
When no man pursues, they will stumble together like those before the sword. You won't stand before your enemies.
The Egyptians have dealt ill with us, and have afflicted us, that we may labor.
Blessed be the King who comes in the name of the Lord, Who blesses the Most High in peace and glory.
Though you offer a burnt offering and your meal offering to me, I have no pleasure in it: you offer fatlings for a sacrifice of peace offerings, and I will not give it.
It will happen, when the children go, that they will go on every side, and not turn back in the days of their journey.
If it causes it to spread on the skin, then the priest shall pronounce him unclean. It is a plague.
Yahweh will make you a reed, and cast you into a broad place, as one who casts out his hand; and he who is a reproach to your master's house shall die there; and your chariots of glory shall be there.
Since the days of the judges over Israel, until the time of the kings of Israel and of the kings of Judah, there has not been a Passover like this.
That the world may know your mighty acts, The majesty of your Kingdom, And your glory.
Pharaoh brought in great multitudes of soldiers and many people, and could not help them in battle in the day that they built the heaps, and the heaps of brass to cut off many people.
But the saints of the Most High shall have the kingdom, and shall continue in the dominion of it forever and ever.
You shall not love your neighbor's house, neither your neighbor's wife, nor your servant, nor your female servant, nor your ox, nor your donkey, nor all that your neighbor has.
Therefore Yahweh has rewarded me according to my righteousness, and according to the cleanness of my eyes.
He broke down the high places, and broke down the pillars, and cut down the Asherim, and broke in pieces the serpents that Moses had made; for then the children of Israel burnt incense from him, and called him Nehush Dan.
But he said to me, You can't build a house for my name; for you are a man of war, and shed blood.'
Then I bought the field of Anathoth, the son of Hanamel, my uncle's son, and weighed the price of it, and weighed it twelve shekels.
Let another man whom I sow eat, And the root of the seed of my seed pluck up.
and their meal offering and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs, according to their number, after the ordinance;
They tied the nobles to the hands, and hanged them on the earth; and they saw the face of the sluggard, and didn't honor him.
Then he revealed the riches of his glory, the majesty of his beauty, and honor, and many days, even one hundred eighty days.
On the east side were hangings for the lodges, and three for the one side, and three for the other side; and on the other side were hangings for the posts.
Nadab did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh; and he walked in the way of his father, and made his father to sin against Israel.
The Lord God gave the adversary into your hand to praise him. Abram took a part in all that he had gotten, and gave it to Melchizedek.
I have longed for you with my heart, and have sought you with my spirit in the morning; for the inhabitants of the earth shall learn righteousness when you judge the earth.
He put white branches in the flocks, water and water, and set them against the flocks. When the flocks came to drink water, they clapped with them.
Aristarchus, a worker of brass, deals harshly with me, and the Lord will repay him according to his work.
David was then in the stronghold; and the garrison of the Philistines was at Bethlehem.
You shall set his name there in the place which Yahweh shall choose, from your flock, and from your herd, and from the livestock of the Passover, to sacrifice to Yahweh your God.
David's servant came to Abigail to Carmel, and said to him, David has sent us to you, to take you as wife.
Jerubbaal the son of Joash went up to his house.
Peter said to Jesus, Lord, it is good for us to be here. If you want me, I will make three tents here, and give you one to Moses, and one to Elijah.
Their quiver is an open tomb. They are all mighty men.
Now I have exhorted the elders of you by the ministry of the elders. I am also a witness of Christ, and I will be partakers of the glory that is to be revealed.
Then Jesus remembered his disciples. Don't tell anyone that he is the Christ.
To those who see pride, To those who hide pride, And tread the wicked in the land where they stand.
Thus Yahweh delivered Hezekiah, and all the inhabitants of Jerusalem, out of the hand of Sennacherib king of Assyria, and out of all the adversary's hand, and in peace round about.
Will you be angry with us forever? Will you continue in your anger forever?
You shall ridicul the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the herb, the
You shall make a plate of pure gold, and you shall write on it, According to the ordinances of the seal, HOLY TO YAHWEH.
You didn't put his words into your heart, because you didn't believe him who sent him.
When he opened the third seal, I heard the third living creature saying, Come! When I saw it, I saw a raven, and those who sat on the horse took a thorn.
Lord, what shall I wait for? My hope is for you.
Is it lawful for a man to boast? Or when you gnaw, don't you be disappointed?
The meal offering and the drink offering shall not go to the house of Yahweh: and all the priests who minister to Yahweh mourn.
You shall keep the feast of Yahweh seven days in the seventh month, and your increase in the seventh month; the first day shall be a holy rest, and the eighth day a holy rest.
As a bird that wanders from his place, As a bird that wanders from his place, So is he who wanders from his place to his place.
Isaiah said, Yahweh will perform that which he has spoken. This is the sign that Yahweh will give you.
The lord of the house was very angry, and put him into prison, until he had made a full end of setting up his tent of meeting.
There were murmurers in the cities of many peoples, and the spirit of the wounded mourned: but God didn't look at that unrighteousness.
Joseph went and buried his father. All the servants of Pharaoh, and the elders of the house of Pharaoh, and all the elders of the land of Egypt, were with him.
For there is a troop, and there is snow in it.
Rise up, Yahweh, and fight against the enemy, and strike him; And deliver my soul from the hand of the wicked with your sword.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Five of you shall flee one hundred times, and ten thousand of you shall flee; and the enemy shall fall by the sword before you.
Yahweh said to me, It is good that they should speak.
The inheritance of the Simeonites is of the children of Judah's inheritance; for the portion of the Jews is too great for them: therefore the Simeonites are taken in the midst of their inheritance.
I will cast the abominations of filthiness on you, and will show you dishonor, and will show you eyes.
The birds were in it, And the snuffers were in the midst of the fir trees.
So we are your people, And your pasture, To give thanks to you forever, And to praise your name forever and ever.
Haven't you saved us yet, And caused your people to rejoice in you?
He stretched out like a handbreadth, and held hold on one of the hairs of my head. The spirit lifted me up to the heaven and to the earth in the vision of God, and brought me to Jerusalem, and toward the inner court of the gate of the north; and there was a molten image there, one against another, that stirred up the wall.
The king said to them, As you shall see good, so shall I do. So the king stood by the gate, one hundred, and one thousand of the people, according to their houses.
They asked him to stay some days, and he didn't agree.
You shall bring the firstborn to me; and so shall your ox and your sheep: and on the eighth day you shall return to me seven days after his wife.
Some of the godly men buried Stephen, and wept for him.
The length of it shall be twenty-five thousand, and the breadth of it ten thousand; and the Levites shall be the ministers in the house for their inheritance twenty-nine chambers.
Can his loving kindness be forgiven forever? Or will his promise be forsaken forever?
Saul arose from the ground, and lifted up his eyes, and opened, and didn't see what the sword was. They took him by the hand, and brought him into Damascus.
When the five lords of the Philistines saw it, they returned to Ekron that day.
To the angel of the assembly in Laodicea write: Amen, a faithful witness of truth, and God's Maker says these things:
That which we shall do, that Yahweh your God may show us.
Therefore a man fears him, And doesn't regard the heart of wisdom.
As fig trees, and as fig fig fig trees, shall you have the first fig fig trees; and you shall wave them; and you shall lie at the mouth of everyone who eats them.
His left hand will lift up my head. His right hand will fall on me.
For I have given you the message which I received, which is written in the Scripture, that Christ died for our sins,
God helped him to fight against the Philistines, against the Arabians who lived in Gibbar, and against the Midianites.
The spoil of the spoil, the spoil of the men of war, was sixty-seven thousand five thousand sheep;
You shall do no manner of work this same day; for it is a day of sin to make atonement for you before Yahweh your God.
Yahweh, the God of Armies, whose might is greater than you? Your faithfulness is round about you.
To kill the God of Og king of Bashan with thanksgiving; For his loving kindness endures forever.
They shall become desolations in the midst of the waste places; Her cities shall be a desolation in the midst of the waste cities.
For yet a little while, and I will be angry with you, and will be angry, and will cease from their destruction.
He said, Why does my lord pursue his servant? What have I done? What evil is my hand on?
You preserve my head in the day of battle, In the strength of Yahweh my salvation, the Lord.
Now therefore, behold, you are changed, and have done that which is right in my eyes: every man proclaims liberty by his neighbor, and makes a covenant in my name before me.
Now when Abram was come down from Kedorlaomer, and all the kings who were with him, king Sodom came out to meet him to the valley of Shabbi; and the valley of Shabbi was the valley of the king.
As for me, I will look for Yahweh, And wait for my God of salvation. My God will hear me.
The children of Israel took away the Baals, and the Ashtaroth; and they served Yahweh only.
Jesus said to them, The fish that were laid up in the dungeon are coming.
He cut off his head, and cut off his armor, and sent to the land of the Philistines round about, and spread it among the houses of their idols, and among the people.
I also delivered you out of the hand of the Egyptians, and out of the hand of all your oppressors, and drove them out from before you, and gave them a land to you.
The armed men went before the priests who were with the trumpet, and the elders followed the ark. The priests went astray.
If Yahweh your God shall enlarge your border, as he swore to your fathers, and shall give you the whole land, which he promised to your fathers.
God, keep me, for I trust in you.
So they stood in the house of God, both I and the captains of the guard, and stood there.
The lame fellow whom you saw, whom you saw, was strengthened by faith in the name of Jesus, whom you all saw, because he was perfect in the name of Jesus.
Yahweh said to Satan, Where have you come from? Satan answered Yahweh, and said, I have walked on the earth, and have walked on it, and have come from it.
I have called your name The green olive tree,' and it is good to see it, and to bear fruit. Now I will kindle a fire on it, and it will be broken.
Reuben said to them, Don't let him shed blood. Throw him into the dungeon of the wilderness, and don't put his hand to death. His thoughts were to deliver Joseph out of their hand, that he might return to his father.
Woe to you, you robbers! You robbers! You robbers! You robbers! You robbers! You robbers! They will deal treacherously with you.
The children of Israel and Baal Peor were joined together; and Yahweh was angry with the children of Israel.
Of Gad he said, Blessed be the fulfillment of Gad, Who hides himself as a lioness; Who tore his arms and his head.
Far be it from us that we may perform all the words of our mouth, to burn incense and drink incense to the queen, and to pour out drink offerings to us, and to our fathers, and to our kings, and to our princes, in the cities of Judah, and in the streets of Jerusalem; for then our food was filled, and our peace was not seen.
But the cities of the Levites, in which they have inherited the possession of the city, the Levites may redeem them in due season.
May Yahweh increase your number, and multiply you and your seed after you.
circumcision and uncircumcision are not desirable, but we must be new to the work.
The Lord's righteousness is increased every morning. Your truth is magnified.
All the people, and the nations that don't serve you, shall perish, and the nations shall be utterly desolate.
In this land there is marvelous abominations,
For they don't know the five loaves of bread, But their heart is very hard.
Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard left the people to a half-tribe in the land of Judah, and he gave them vineyards and fields.
He leans on the earth for it, And cleaves to it, and spreads it on the way.
Thus says Yahweh: If Zedekiah king of Judah, and all the princes of it, and all the remnant of Jerusalem, who are left in this place, and in the land of Egypt, I will count them as figs of the sea, which can't be eaten, because they are so bad.
Araunah said to David, My lord the king, offer up, as you have seen good; and behold, here shall be oxen for a burnt offering, and threshing instruments of grain, and chariots of oxen for wood.
He who increases understanding, And increases understanding,
I remember God, and I am grieved. My heart has fainted within me. Selah.
He rejected the tent of Shiloh, which he had pitched among men.
Send your yoke to Yahweh. He will sustain you. He will never be shaken by the righteous.
But I am like a deaf man, who doesn't hear, as a mute mute tongue.
Now because you received the word of my mouth, which I spoke to you, you have made it good for him.
You, Lord our God, brought forth your people out of the land of Egypt with a mighty hand, and gave you a name, as at this day; and we have sinned, and have done wickedly.
On the sixth day Eliasaph the son of Tauel, prince of the children of Gad
and the bow, and the linen garment, and the overlaying of the head, and the veil of the body.
Have I come now against this land to destroy it, and not Yahweh? Yahweh spoke to me, saying, Go up against this land, and destroy it.
There is a boat where you go. The great fish which you have made gather them, and they take them away.
When he saw him from afar, he ran and fell down before Jesus,
They gave one loaf of bread to all the people, even to all Israel, and one loaf of raisin, and one loaf of raisin, and one loaf of raisin; and all the people departed, and went every man to his own house.
Jesus said to them, I will also ask you a parable. If you answer me, I will tell you by what authority I do these things.
He recognized him, who was sitting at the door of the temple at the same time asking for the man, and marveled at the things which happened to him.
For God gives food to all living things, For his loving kindness endures forever.
You vowed a vow to God, and vowed no slackness: for he who doesn't delight in foolishness, you shall pay the vow.
You shall winnow them, and the wind shall chastise them, and the whirlwind shall sweep them away: but you shall rejoice in Yahweh, and rejoice in the Holy One of Israel.
Woe to the sinful nation, to the sinners, to the wicked, and to the corrupt children! For they have forsaken Yahweh, and despised the Holy One of Israel, and have turned their backs and their way with him.
Therefore I delight in your commandments above gold, And above pure gold.
This is my covenant with you, as with my father and with your father: now therefore, I have sent you silver and gold, that you may break the covenant between me and Baasha king of Israel, and that he may depart from me.
Therefore thus says Yahweh to me, If you return, then I will cause you to return and stand before me; and if you choose the best of all, then you shall be my proverb: they shall surely return to you, but you shall not return to them.
A rich man is wise in his own eyes, But a wise man sees him out of his sight.
Yahweh blessed Noah, and his sons, and said to them, Be fruitful, and multiply, and fill the earth.
and the first of our dough, and the present of our wave offerings, and all the fruit of the trees, new wine and oil, and bringing it to the priests, to bring it into the house of our God, to give to the Levites the tithe of the fruit of the ground, for the Levites possessed the tithe of the city which we brought up.
Your name endures forever, Yahweh. You, Yahweh, shall be known forever and ever.
God is faithful, and we don't speak directly to you, neither do we speak directly to you.
I have declared to the king what I have done. My tongue is like the breastplate of my mother's mother-in-law.
When I go about in the city, and see your places where you worship, there is an altar on it, and it is written above, A spirit that doesn't know.' You worship the spirit that is not known to you, but I will tell you now.
But he is my rock and my salvation. He is my stronghold and I will not be moved.
It happened at the end of three years, that I went to worship at Jerusalem with Peter, and to stay fifteen days with him.
God brought him forth out of Egypt, like the strength of an ox. He devoured the nations of his enemies, and broke their bones. He sent arrows over them.
He said to his disciples, Let them reap in abundance, and let them be few in number.
It happened on the third day, that Pharaoh's birthday came, and he made a feast to all his servants, and killed both the chief cupbearer and the chief baker before them.
Now there was a sick man, whose name was Lazarus, who lived in Bethany, the village of Mary, and Martha, her sister's brother.
Elijah answered them, If I am a man of God, let fire come down out of heaven, and devour you and fifty men with you. Yahweh's fire came down out of heaven, and devoured him and the fifty men with him.
Then all Israel were divided into two parts: the other half followed Tibni the son of Chenad, to make him king; and the other half followed Omri.
When they had found him, they brought him to Antioch. They were gathered together with the assembly in one year, teaching many. They were called Christ, and began from Antioch.
It is better for you to come to Jesus, the mediator of the new covenant, and to come to the blood which is sprinkled, than for the blood of Abel.
Therefore the children of Israel shall not stand before their enemies; for they have turned their backs before their enemies, because they are cursed: and if you don't offer the devoted thing, I will no more be with you out of the midst of you.
He arose early in the morning, and they all swore one to another. Isaac sent them away, and they went away in peace.
According to the commandment of Yahweh, which he commanded Joshua, he gave to Caleb the son of Jephunneh for an inheritance of Kiriath Arba (the same is Hebron); and Arba is the father of the Anakim.
Now therefore hear what Yahweh says. He said, Arise, and plead your case before the mountains, that the mountains may hear your voice.
Samuel declared to the people the kingdom, and wrote it in a book, and put it before Yahweh: and afterward Samuel scattered all the people abroad, and went every man to his house.
Take wisdom, and understanding, according to the tribes; and understanding, and understanding; that I may make them prince over you.
Let's entreat one another to do good and love.
When he had made an end of saying this, Festus cried out, Paul, you are crazy! How much more abundantly have you shown yourself to be exalted!
If you see a donkey lying in wait for your hated one, don't turn aside; but you shall avenge the years of your donkey with it.
Isaac was sore afraid, and trembled, and said, Who is he? Give me that which he has struck before you come. I ate, and blessed him, and he will be blessed.
For the righteous stumble seven times, and will rise again. The wicked are overthrown in their calamity.
then hear in your habitation in heaven, and do according to all that the nations have asked of you, that all the heavens and the earth may know your name, and fear you, as your people Israel; and that they may know that this house which I have built is called by your name.
Leah said, God has given me my wages, because I gave my handmaid to my husband. She named him Issachar.
It shall happen, when you have executed it, that there shall be king over David, who shall sit on the throne, with his servants, and with his people, or with his chariots, or with his horsemen, who shall go out to enter into the gate of this house.
one young bull, one ram, one male lamb a year old, for a burnt offering;
He has delivered me from all my adversaries. My eye has seen my adversaries with recompense.
But Yahweh said to Samuel, Don't look at his jealousy, and at the greatness of his body, which I have withheld: for Yahweh looks not as man sees, but as man sees, Yahweh sees in his heart.
If they return to you, if they acknowledge your name, and pray to you in this house, if they sin against you, your people Israel, because you have slain them;
But Moses, when he had sanctified it, took a stone, and laid it under him, and sat on the top of the stone: and Aaron and Hur took hold of the hand, and put the one on this side, and the other on that side; and he was quiet in his hand until the going down of the day.
Don't harden your heart, as when your fathers rebelled, Today, if you hear the voice of God.
If a animal is stolen out of the keeper's house, he shall be freed from his master's house.
David said to the angel, Thus shall you tell Joab, Don't trouble this thing; for the sword has slain him, and he will not be able to do it; but fight against the city, and overthrow it.
He will let them obey his statutes, And keep his ordinances. Praise Yah!
You shall set apart the land which Yahweh your God gives you to possess it, and to divide it into three branches; and you shall open the way for the slain, that they may flee there.
Behold, the kings are gathered together, and they pass by together.
The charmer also scatters it, and the salt is taken away by the oil; for he doesn't draw his sword out of his belly, but goes out over his back.
He measured the first house that was before the separate place, and the other porch that was on the one side, one hundred cubits long, and measured the inner house and the porch of the court.
But Paul didn't consider it to be so; for he had left them in Pamphylia, and had done no regular work with them.
The Danites looked behind them, and said to Micah, What is this that you have gathered together?
Now I know that Yahweh is greater than the gods, to the proudness of the Egyptians who deal with this people.
Samuel said, Bring Agag king of Amalek to me. Agag kissed him, and came to him. Agag said, The sorrows of death shall pass over.
The men of the south shall possess the mountain of Esau; and the men of the lowland shall possess the Philistines, and shall possess the fields of Ephraim, and the fields of Samaria; and the children of Benjamin shall possess Gilead.
The poor and needy shall seek the waters, but they shall not be found; for they shall be wide and dry. I, Yahweh, will answer them; and I, the God of Israel, will not forsake them.
Flee from the young men's lusts, And seek righteousness, faith, love, and peace with those who call on the Lord with a pure heart.
Jesus answered them, Righteousness says, You shall not test the Lord your God.'
Balaam answered Balak, What shall I say, seeing I am come to you? and with what word has God given me, that I should speak.
The wicked don't understand righteousness, But everyone who seeks Yahweh understands it.
Let those who fear you return to me. They will know your precepts.
What then can we boast? Shall we boast? Shall we do what is right? Shall we do it? May it not be faith.
Why does the wicked live, and eat long days, and have great power?
You shall speak good words to Jerusalem, and declare it; and his war is ended, and his iniquity is taken away; and he shall be punished by the hand of Yahweh for all his sins.
He chose a man out of the king's house, and made a covenant with him, and swore to him, and laid hold on the mighty men of the land,
You spoke to Aaron, saying, When you light a lamp, all seven lamps shall be light before the lampstand.
Now therefore bring the golden vessels which we have gotten each man, the chains, the bracelets, the snuffers, the earrings, and the snuffers that are about his neck, to Yahweh for a present, that we may make atonement for ourselves before Yahweh for our sake.
Who is wise or foolish? Who knows? Yes, I will rule under the sun, And he will rule over those who labor in wisdom. This also is vanity.
Likewise, the foolish went on the way, and lacked wisdom, and said to all the people, He is a fool.
For what is it that a man labors under the sun?
All their seed shall come down before you when they afflict you; and they shall despise you, and worship before your feet: and they shall call you the city of Yahweh, the Holy One of Israel.
In the twenty year of Jotham the son of Uzziah, Hoshea the son of Elah rebelled against Pekah the son of Remaliah, and struck him, and killed him, and reigned in his place.
The lion is a wild beast. He will not escape for anything else.
You shall not cut off the corners of the field to the end of the harvest; neither shall you gather the residue of it: it shall be for the poor, and for the foreigner: I am Yahweh your God.
When the blind man heard that many were passing by, he asked what was going on.
But he said this, that he was the maker of his own house.
He walked before him, and burned his enemies around him.
These are the wonders of Noah, who prepared the ark, whose hearts were slow to wait for disobedience. Many of those who entered into the ark were at that time, and eight were saved out of the water.
Arise, Yahweh, the God of Armies, the God of Israel! Don't have mercy on the wicked who do falsely. Selah.
He who receives wisdom shall love his soul, But he who keeps knowledge shall be blessed.
They said to him, Behold, the multitudes are feeding you. Why ask you, Who touched me?
After these things, a certain man, Joseph of Arimathaea, came to Pilate, and asked him to take Jesus' body. Being afraid of the Jews, he took Jesus' body, and asked him to be his disciple.
Return, God of Armies. Look down from heaven on this vine,
So the iron, and the clay, and the brass, and the silver, and the gold, were beaten together with the mouth, and became a desolation to the summer threshing floor, and a sweeping wind, where they no more were: and the stone of the image shall be turned into a great mountain, a full land.
Achinoam the Jezreelite, the wife of David, and Abigail the wife of Nabal the Carmelite, let them go into captivity.
Be zealous for your heart, seeing that you have given yourselves to the truth, and to the rest of the saints with soundness of the right hand.
It happened in the morning, when he offered up his sacrifice, that behold, waters came by the way of Edom; and the earth was filled with waters.
They have overcome the end of the Lamb's blood, and of the testimony which they have given them. They have set their lives in jeopardy.
All the good words of Yahweh which he spoke to the house of Israel, that he didn't defile himself with a word, were fulfilled.
Remember the stubbornness of your servant Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, and don't remember the wickedness of this people, their sins,
Jesus went out, and saw a great multitude, and had compassion on them, and healed those who were sick among them.
He looked up, rebuked the wind, and commanded the waters, saying, Come down! The wind stood still, and the sea was coming down.
If that man has the glory of sin, And judges a man who is innocent, isn't he full of glory?
The cherubim spread out their wings, twenty cubits; and their feet stood on their feet, and their faces were toward them.
He arose, and brought him and his mother into the land of Israel.
Let his sons and his daughters be fatherless. Let their wives be widows.
You know that five of your husbands are not your husband, neither are your husbands with you: thus you have not spoken.
Then king Ahasuerus said to Esther the queen, and to Mordecai the Jew, Because Haman was against the Jews, I have given her inheritance to Esther; and they hanged Haman on the gallows.
Let no man come with you. Don't let the mountains see any man, Neither let the herds and the flocks feed on the mountains.
Don't marvel at this, for everyone who is in the tomb will hear the Son's voice, and will come out of the tomb.
Moreover he commanded the messengers to speak to their lord, saying, Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: Thus shall you tell your lord,
They shall go in to Judah, and fill it with waters of water, and shall come about on a neck; and the wings of Shemmanuel shall spread abroad, and shall fill your land.
The woman shall go out from her house, and shall be married to another man.
But some were unbelieving, and profane the way of the Lord before all. Then Paul took his disciples from them, and reasoned with them daily in the synagogues of Tyre.
They returned from the pride of the city of David, which is before the spring gate, even the entrance of the wall of the city, which is over the bow of king David, toward the east gate.
They deceived his neighbor, saying, I am a robber.
For my people have forgotten me, And burned incense to the crooked Spirit; And they caused them to walk in the way, And caused their paths to pass by, And their paths to turn aside, And their height to fail;
But concerning the day, or the hour, no one knows. The angels of heaven don't know, neither does the Son know it, but the Father knows it.
But Peter said, Lord, don't work for tens of thousands, for I have not eaten unclean things.
He gave four chariots and eight oxen to Ithamar the son of Merari according to their service: and they were given over by Ithamar the son of Aaron the priest.
Jesus said to him, What is your name? He answered, My name is Legion,' for we are a very great demon.
I am afraid, therefore, to restore you to the ground one thousand pieces of silver: now therefore your money is restored to you.'
Nebuchadnezzar the king had sworn with him by God, but he rebelled, and hardened his neck, and didn't gather his heart to Yahweh, the God of Israel.
If anyone desires to have a name, he shall not hold his peace. But if you do these things, go, show yourself to the children of men.
The house of Ephraim has made the altar to sin; therefore the altar causes them to sin.
I love my lovers, and I love them. I will find those who seek me.
Our soul waits for Yahweh at all times. He is our help and shield.
The princes of the families of the children of Merari, the sons of Abijai, who shall encamp on the north side of the tent of meeting, shall be Soreel the son of Abijath.
These are not the drunkenness of your mouth, for they are now in the morning.
To Pharaoh and his army he was cast into the Red Sea; for his loving kindness endures forever.
When I have now passed through Macedonia, I will come to you.
Jesus cried with a loud voice, He who believes in me doesn't believe me, but him who sent me.
Rejoice always.
The coming of the Son of Man will be like Noah.
Woe to those who take houses and fields, so that they don't leave the land; but you stand alone in that land.
When the man comes to the third day, he shall cleanse himself with the water. On the seventh day he shall be clean. If he is unclean on the third day, he shall be unclean on the seventh day.
They came to him, and said to him, Why do you speak parables to them?
You shall prophesy of it among the nations, and shall prepare for war, and shall stir up the mighty, and shall cause all the men of war to swear.
If his hand is stoned to death, so that he dies, he is a murderer; and the murderer shall surely be put to death.
For Haman the son of Hammedatha the Agagite, the enemy of the children of Judah, had made a conspiracy against the children of Judah, and destroyed them, and plucked Pur, which is for the spoil, and destroyed them;
God who created and tested all things, to bring in and to glorify many sons and daughters, that the way of salvation may be perfected in Jesus the prophetess, who was afflicted.
They broke down the pillars of Baal, and destroyed the house of Baal, and made him a wall to this day.
Then the priest shall examine him, and, behold, if the plague has faded away, then he shall tear him from his garment, or from his woof, or from his woof.
He shall kill the bull before Yahweh: and Aaron's sons, the priests, shall offer the blood, and sprinkle the blood on the door of the tent of meeting, and on the altar round about.
Go, stand in the temple, and proclaim to all men the word of life.
He restores the iniquity of the wicked to themselves; He will destroy them when they do evil. Yahweh our God will destroy them.
Cursed be the day that I was born, And blessed be the day that my mother bore me.
For the truth of the Good News, which you will be able to keep, we don't deny one.
Thus says Yahweh, Behold, I will bring evil on this place, and on the inhabitants of it, even on the curses which they have written before the king of Judah.
He went and called the porters, and told the king's house.
The high places which Jeroboam the son of Nebat had built for Israel to sin in the altar of Bethel, and in the place of which Jeroboam the son of Nebat had made them: now Josiah had destroyed the altar and the high places, and had burnt the high places of it, and had burned the Asherah with dust.
The priest shall take them for a wave offering, and wave them before Yahweh: and it shall be a holy thing, and a holy thing to the priest, and afterward a Nazirite shall drink wine.
Grace to you and peace from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
The wicked think in their heart, You will not seek salvation. Why has he despised God?
If you make your brother's heart bitter for food, then your works shall not be of love; neither shall you destroy him for his own food.
He removes mountains, and the mountains don't know. He brings down the nations in anger.
God doesn't call us to live in uncleanness, but through sanctification.
Thus shall you tell each man his neighbor, and every man his brother, saying, What has Yahweh answered? or what has Yahweh spoken?
that your faith may be established before our God our Father, and before his saints, when he comes again.
Deliver me from the evil-doers, And deliver me from those who desire life.
They shall inquire of the priests and the judges of the Levites, and they shall judge you.
To see my hand and my feet are my own. You touched, and knew, because there was no flesh found. Behold, I have seen them all.
I will call on the Most High God, who has perfected all things concerning me.
They are he who will serve their God, Yahweh, and David their king, whom I will raise up.
But Yahweh was a witness to Israel and Judah through all the prophets and the seers, saying, Keep my commandments and my statutes from your evil works, as I commanded your fathers, and all my servants the prophets, that they have spoken to you in a perfect law.
Jesus said to him, This is he who speaks with you.
Then I opened my mouth, and he gave me the scroll of the book.
Moreover his might was in the midst of our saints, until what was the end.
They said one to another, Who has done this thing? When they had made an end of asking them, they said, This is what Gideon the son of Joash has done.
Jacob rebelled against Laban the Syrian, and fled, and didn't tell him.
The glory of Lebanon, the fir tree, the salt tree, and the sulfur tree, shall be yours together for my holy place, and I will give glory to my footstool.
Speak to all the people of this place, and to the priests, saying, Seventy years shall you come, and mourn for me in the fifth month, in the seventh month, and in the seventh month?
He who loves to be first among you shall be your servant.
You Jerusalemites, lift up your eyes, and look, you men of the north. Where are your beautiful flocks, which you sheep of old have given you?
He took a piece of a piece of an ox, and sent it throughout all Israel, saying, So shall it be, that whoever doesn't go out after Saul and Samuel to do to his oxen. Yahweh made the people afraid, and they brought forth the rivers.
You shall take hold of the wings of the birds, and break them; but you shall not break them; and the priests shall burn them on the wood that is on the fire that is on the altar: it is a burnt offering, an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor to Yahweh.
and give Solomon my son a faithful heart to keep your commandment, and your ordinances, and your statutes, and to do all these things which I have prepared, and to build a house.
Deliver me according to your righteousness. Let me go. Turn your ear to me, and save me.
The seed of Abraham his servant, The seed of Jacob his chosen,
Therefore we have sent Judah and Silas, and they will declare to you and to the cups what they have written.
Behold, the day of Yahweh comes, in which shall be cruelness, wrath, and wrath, and desolation in the land, and the destruction of sinners in the midst of it.
He was buried in the house of his garden of Uzza; and Josiah his son reigned in his place.
In the seventh month, Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, the son of Elisha, the king's son, took ten men with him, and struck Gedaliah, and the Jews who were with him in Mizpah, and the Chaldeans.
I will speak to God, saying, I will not have sin in me. Show me, what have you to do with me?
The king went out, and his household followed him; and the king left ten concubines to keep the house.
But fear Yahweh, and serve him with all your heart and with all your soul; for you shall remember that he has done great things for you.
They brought in the ark of God, and set it in its place, which David had pitched for it, and David offered burnt offerings and peace offerings before Yahweh.
Jacob returned from Paddan Aram, and God appeared to him, and blessed him.
I will not enter into my house's tent, Neither will I dig my bed;
You shall be overthrown by the counsel of the needy; But Yahweh will be their rebuke.
This also is the resurrection of the dead. He who is buried in the dust will consume, and after that he will be no more.
Abijah grew strong, and took the twelve wives, and bore twenty-two sons, and six daughters.
This is the bread which is poured out from heaven, that men may not die.
He said, What is the Kingdom of God? What shall I compare with?
My soul has said to Yahweh, You are my Lord. I have no blessing but you.
The children of the field bore sons, and named them Benjamin, the fathers of the children of Ammon.
Don't reprove an old man, as a father who exhorts his father, and as a brother who exhorts a young man;
So they served him before the throne of God day and night in his temple, and he who sits on the throne guarded them.
If anyone asks you, give him anything. If anyone takes away your stuff, don't ask him again.
He asks for life from you, and you give it to him. It is an eternal life.
When you were at the door, when you were at the door, behold, your memory was set before you: and when you were going out to another man to go up to your broad bed, you made a covenant with them; and when you saw their bed there, you delighted greatly.
A foolish man said to him, Give us some of your oil, for the lamp of our lamp is gone.'
For your loving kindness is better than life. My lips will praise you.
For this cause God made the horns of their birth strong, and they believed in falsehood.
A woman who could not rebuke has come to hear the word, and her name is Lydia, a man of the city of Thyatira, who worships God. God has opened his heart to her, that he may listen to the words of Paul with all his heart.
Jacob commanded his sons, and he set his feet on his bed; and he gave up his spirit, and went to his father.
Now for our God's sake our hand was good to help us: and they brought a prudent man out of the sons of Levi, and out of the sons of Machri, of the children of Israel, and Sherebiah, and his sons, and his brothers, eighteen men.
Don't forget to receive strangers, for they will receive angels in unbelief.
Jehoiachin did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh, according to all that his father had done.
But the centurion, desiring to save Paul, stopped them, and commanded that those who were able to swim in water should leap down and fall.
Yahweh said to Moses, Speak to the sons of Aaron for the priests, saying, If any of the families of the Kadokites die, you shall not defile yourself for him.
He will not break the bond of the wounded, Neither will he make a full end of the lamp of death, until righteousness is sanctified by him.
Therefore you shall hear in the light what is spoken in darkness; and you shall speak in the ears of your chambers openly, and shall cause men to prophesy openly in the midst of the house.
The presence of Yahweh be glad, that he may see you, and give you rest.
The backs of those who hate me are very long. The furrows of those who hate me are very long.
Unless Yahweh of Armies left us a few remnant, we would have been as Sodom, as Gomorrah would have been consumed.
righteous men do righteousness, but perish; wicked men do wickedness, but eat it long. I have seen it in vanity.
Let their eyes be opened, so that they can't see. Let their backs be established forever.
But Peter said to him, Friend, I don't know what you're saying. Immediately the rooster crowed.
Joseph said to his father and to his brothers, Then their father rebuked him, saying, What dream is this dream that you have dreamed, that I should bow down to you, and worship with your mother and with your brothers?
I serve God with my whole heart, And declare the Good News of his Son. He will testify about me. I remember you always in my prayers,
Afterward he went out, and took seven spirits more evil than himself, and went in there, and lived there: so shall the latter be worse than the former; and the evil generation also shall be like that.
For our fathers have sinned, and have done that which is evil in the sight of Yahweh our God, and have turned away from him, and have turned back from his face, and have turned back to the habitation of Yahweh.
But what is by the road, when the parable is heard, then the devil comes and takes away from them the word in his heart, that they may not believe in the word, and be saved.
Of the children of Israel, Isaiah prophesied, saying, The children of Israel, though they were gathered together as the sand of the sea, so much so much so that they would be saved.
All the captivity of Judah shall prophesy of them both in Babylon, saying, Yahweh make you as Zedekiah and Ahab, that the king of Babylon may burn you with fire.
They went to Hilkiah the high priest, and delivered to him all the money that was brought into the house of Yahweh, which was the Levite the porter of the city, and of Manasseh, and of Ephraim, and of all the remnant of Israel, and of Judah, and of Benjamin, and of the inhabitants of Jerusalem.
For to me it is said, The life is for Christ, and the power of death is greater.
But the younger men, the unbelieving, the abominable, the murderer, the adultererer, the sorcerer, the worshiper of idols, and all those who speak lies, have made ready the place where the fire and sulfur burn are, which is the second death.
The Beerothites fled to Gittai, and sojourned there to this day.
Eliab, David's elder brother, heard him speak with men, saying, Eliab's anger is kindled against David, and he said to David, Why come you down here? and with the ram that is in the wilderness, you have left it to whom it is delivered? I know that your pride is in your heart, but you have come down to battle.
He who is on the housetop shall not go into the house to take anything.
The woman said to Elijah, Now I know that you are a man of God, and that the word of Yahweh which you have spoken is true.
His disciples asked him what the parable was.
But if you fear Yahweh, and serve him, and listen to his voice, and don't rebel against the commandment of Yahweh, then you and your king who rules over you shall obey Yahweh your God.
So that I will be cut off, And will die, And will stretch out the bones of the camp.
Speak to them, and tell the Lord Yahweh, As I live, surely I will not rejoice in the death of the wicked, but in the return of the wicked from his way. Return, you house of Israel, and depart from the evil way; why should you take your life?
The book of Nehemiah the son of Hachariah. It happened in the twenty-ninth year, in the month Chislev, that I was in Shushan's palace.
But the righteous shall be saved from Yahweh. Yahweh will be their enmity in times of trouble.
Or else when I stand in the council, let them show me where I am not.
It happened, when the king was in the house, that Yahweh had given him rest from his enemies round about,
In that day will I make the heads of fathers' houses of Judah like fire pans among wood, and like firebrands among the sheaves; and they shall destroy the nations that are round about on their right hand: and the inhabitants of Jerusalem shall dwell in their own land, in Jerusalem.
When he lifted up his voice, the swarms of flies came, and the sabbaths were filled with scorpions in their borders.
Therefore king Joash called Jehoiada the priest, and the rest of the priests, and said to them, Why don't you repair the breaches of the house? now therefore don't you get the money again out of the people who know it, and give it out, that you may repair the breaches of the house.
and delivered them to the rulers of Rome, saying, These two men are Jews, and are engulfing our cities.
David said to Yahweh, Shall I go up to one of the cities of Judah? Yahweh said to him, Go up. David said, Where shall I go up? He said, Go up to Hebron.
When the woman came to the mountain, and came to the man of God, she fell on her feet. Gehazi came to destroy her; and the man of God said, Leave her alone; for she was in bitterness, and Yahweh hid her from me, and didn't tell me.
Your words are sweeter in my mouth, And sweeter in my mouth than sweeter in my mouth.
The voice of Yahweh is great. The voice of Yahweh is full of majesty.
You shall hear wars and riots; don't be afraid at that time; for these must happen first, but immediately the end shall not be.
Samson came to Gaza, and saw a prostitute there, and drew near to her.
Yahweh established me to sit on the throne of David my father, and established me, as he spoke to me. As he lives, so Adonijah shall surely die this day.
It happened, while Jacob talked with them, that Rachel brought near the sheep of her father; for he was keeping watch.
He gave to him seven hundred, and they were princes, and three hundred reeds. The women drew near to his heart.
They arose from Bethel, and came from Ephrathah a little way, and Rachel came in distress.
When his father saw him, he was afraid. His mother said to him, Son, why then have you done this to us? Behold, your father and I are grieved for you.
Behold, these are wicked men. They continually prolong their days and their riches.
He made the altar of altars for those who sinned against their souls; because they offered them before Yahweh: therefore it was holy, that the children of Israel might be made a border.
A wicked man takes bribes secretly, And causes justice to be turned back.
You inhabitants of Dibon, descend from the glory of your soul, and sit in the dry land; for the Moabites are come up against you, and have destroyed your strongholds.
Turn your ear, Job, and hear my words. Hold your peace, and I will speak.
The voice of Yahweh was astonished at the camels, and he bore children; and he made the trees of the forest six and light: and all who were in the house cried, and they glorified Yahweh.
They sought me day by day, and rejoiced, and found my way, as a righteous people, and didn't depart from the law of their God. They asked me to judge righteously, and rejoiced, and came near to God.
and for the blood of him who shed innocent blood, because he filled Jerusalem with innocent blood, that Yahweh would not forgive.
You have caused the widow to return empty. The arms of the fatherless are broken.
I will leave it that which is left of my inheritance, and deliver it into the hand of the enemy; and they shall be an adversary to all their enemies, whom they have taken captive:
Joab went to the king, and said, What have you done? Behold, Abner comes to you; why have you sent him away? now he is departed.
The priest shall dip his finger in the blood, and sprinkle the blood seven times before Yahweh, from the veil of the sanctuary.
Now, brothers, our heart isn't far from you, it is a division of our flesh that we part with you, that we should see you outside.
No one who sat at the table knew that Jesus would speak to him this word.
If he doesn't render these three things to the earth, then he shall go free from it, and not redeem it with money.
But you are come into Mount Zion, into the city of the living God, into Jerusalem of the heavens, where are thousands and ten thousands of angels.
and the king listened to them, and set up a troop, and horses, and chariots of chariots, according to all that you were thrown down; and we fought against them in the plain, and could not prevail.
Now therefore, please forgive my sin, and go up with me, that I may worship Yahweh.
Therefore thus says the Lord Yahweh: The dead that you put in this city are flesh, and this city is caldron; but you shall be driven out of it.
The same man, the Lord of the place, said to us, If you want me to know that you are honest men, leave me one of your brothers, that you may bring your grain again, and save the famine in your house.
I, Paul, greet you with my own hand.
I will turn your feasts into mourning, And your song into lamentation, And I will cause all men to gird themselves with sackcloth, And have no hair on their heads, And will make them mourn like the only animal, And die until the end like the day of bitterness.
For you are the glory of their strength. Because you have delighted in us, our horns will be exalted.
Then came Isaiah the prophet to king Hezekiah, and said to him, What said these men? and whence came they to you? Hezekiah answered, They are come to me from a far country, from Babylon.
Therefore this teaching is not forsaken, but forsakes the Holy Spirit.
Now my spirit is very perplexed within me. Days of trouble have held me up.
I saw him walking by the ram, and he kindled a great anger toward him, and beat the ram, and broke his two horns: and the sheep were not able to stand before him; and he set the ram on the ground, and trod him down; and there was not a man able to deliver the sheep out of his hand.
He said, When the Jews had spoken good, and had planned to bring Paul before the first, they would have asked you tomorrow to bring Paul to the council.
His sons went, as in their own days, to set up a feast for each of their brothers; and they sent to call their three sisters to eat and to drink with them.
Cast down your veil with a millstone. Put away your veil, and strip off your robe, and uncover your legs, and go over the brook.
Most assuredly I tell you, when you are young, you bind yourself, and go to a place where you desire to go; but when you are old, put forth your hand, and bind you, and bring you to a place where you don't want to go.
and he built Barak, and all the storage cities of Solomon, and the cities of the chariots, and the cities of the horsemen, and Solomon in Jerusalem, and in Lebanon, and in all the land of his dominion, and in all his pleasures.
The men of Jerusalem and the men of Judah were carried away captive to Babylon; and all the men of Jeremiah were carried away captive by the captains of the guard, and bound him with fetters: and they departed from Ramah, and came to Jeremiah to the word of Yahweh.
Sit still, daughter of the Chaldeans, and enter into the secret; for you shall no more be called the mistress of the nations.
He said, I will execute judgment on them the kingdom of bondage. Afterward I will bring them out, and worship me in this place.'
The king's wrath roared like a lion. His favor was like the dew of the grass.
Then said he to his sons, It is a good time for him to come up. They said, The days are a few, and the days are many.
What shall we say then? Who is he who is against us, if God is for us?
Cursed be he who receives bribes, and kills the innocent. All the people shall say, Amen.
Neither shall you set up for yourself any pillars that are engraved, which Yahweh your God hates.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: On the day when he came down out of Sheol, I made men mourn; and I covered the deep for him, and the rivers of the covenants; and I made Lebanon to faint because of him, and all the trees of the field faint because of him.
The wings of the cherubim were twenty cubits long, and the wing of the one cherub five cubits long, to the wall of the one house; and the wing of the other cherub was five cubits broad, to the wing of the other cherub.
All the Egyptians shall know that I am Yahweh; for they have been a reed without strength to the house of Israel.
and the basket had on it all the things that Pharaoh ate, and the birds came to vex the things that were in the basket that were in my head.
But I tell you, if anyone has a spirit of jealousy in his own heart, and a woman has committed adultery with her,
As he said, I swore in my anger, Surely they will not enter into my Sabbath, but God has accomplished his work in the days of his creation.
He killed the ram; and Moses sprinkled the blood on the altar round about.
Jacob said to Laban, The day is fulfilled. Please give me my wife, that I may go in to her.
All the engravings of the sanctuary were beaten with their axes and with their hammers.
So you consent that he not give to his father, or to his mother, gold.
The sons of Habsenah built the gate of Habsenah; and he set the line of it, and set up the doors of it, and the bolts of it, and the bars of it.
The people of the city said to Elisha, Please see the place of this city, that it is good, as my lord has seen: but the waters are evil, so that the land has no increase.
Blessed be my rock, Yahweh, the rock of my salvation!
and in Ziklag, and Meconah, and the towns of it,
Arise, go to Nineveh, the great city, and lift up your voice, and warn them; for their iniquity is come before me.
He said to the man, Rise up, and go your way. Your faith made you well.
that Satan may not prevail against us, because we know Satan's deceit.
They were bound, and were clothed in mortar, and in robes, and in coats, and in rest garments; and they were thrown into the burning fiery furnace.
So the kingdom of Jehoshaphat was peace; for his God had given him rest round about.
My sister, my bride, I entered into my own garden, and I ate my honey and my honey, my honey and my drink my wine and my breasts. My daughters, my friends, eat, my beloved, drink, and drink much.
There is a stone in the earth, and there is a gold and a dust in it.
Cleanse yourselves, and put away the wickedness of your doings from before my eyes, and hold back your wickedness.
For Yahweh will make atonement for you this day to cleanse you, and you shall be cleansed from all iniquity before Yahweh.
The good will be favored by Yahweh, But Yahweh will be condemned by the crafty.
I have walked in the way of righteousness. I have walked in the way of justice.
Three times a year shall all your males appear before the God of the Most High, Yahweh, the God of Israel.
The people said, You did not oppress us, nor oppress us, nor take anything from man's hand.
When you saw that his heart was faithful before you, you made a covenant with him, and gave to him the land of the Canaanite, and of the Hittite, and of the Amorite, and of the Perizzite, and of the Jebusite, and of the Girgashite, to his seed, and to establish your word; for you are righteous.
He said to them, The man whose name was Jesus, who opened my eyes, and said to me, Go, wash in Shiloah. I washed immediately, and I saw.
The prophet Jeremiah sent letters from Jerusalem to the elders of the captivity, and to the priests, and to the prophets, and to all the people, whom Nebuchadnezzar carried away captive from Jerusalem to Babylon.
Bathsheba said, Give Abishach the Shunammite as wife, and Adonijah your brother as wife.
Light is indeed good, and eyes are glad when they see light.
They are like shepherds who go down to Sheol, who die, and lead them one way to the tomb. In the morning, the upright shall rule over them, and their body shall be destroyed by Sheol, so that there shall be no more a dwelling place.
Behold, you trust in Egypt, a staff of a broken reed; and if a man leans on it, he will pierce into his hand: so is Pharaoh king of Egypt to all who trust in him.
I will cast you out also from before me, as I have cast you out of the midst of all the children of Ephraim, all your brothers.
The angel who talked with me said to me, Proclaim, and say, Thus says Yahweh of Armies: I am zealous for Jerusalem, and for Zion.
The Son of Man came to eat and to drink; and you said, He is a drunkard and a drunkard, a friend of tax collectors and sinners.'
Now the things that happened to Rehoboam, first and last, aren't they written in the prophets, Shemaiah, and in the chronicles of Iddo the seer? Rehoboam and Jeroboam made war continually.
Joseph said to them, Now I tell you that you are spies, and this saying is true.
Behold, I have made your face stiff, that it may be stiffer than their face; and I have made your forehead bald, that it may be worse than their foreheads.
Now therefore, our God, listen to the prayer of your servant, and pray for the Lord's sake, that the light of your face may be in your desolate sanctuary.
But he forsook the counsel of the old men which they had given him, and stood before him, and went, and talked with the young men who were with him;
He who doesn't love unrighteousness, But loves truth.
But he remembers them as fleshly men, Who go over the wind, and don't turn again.
The first chariot rides on the horses, and the second chariot rides on the horses.
Alas for the day! It is a great day. It is a day of trouble to Jacob. But he shall be delivered out of it.
and the border went up from the top of the mountain to the spring of the waters of Nephtoah, and went up to the cities of Mount Ephron; and the border went up to Baalah (the same is Kiriath Jearim);
I have hid your words in my heart, That I may not sin against you.
Behold, I will send a nation far off against you, house of Israel, a strong nation, a nation from of old; and you shall not understand his words, nor understand his words.
Yahweh said to Moses and Aaron, This is the law of the Passover: Don't let the nations eat the Passover.
Consider these things, and see them, and teach them.
Your house and your kingdom shall be established forever before you; and your kingdom shall be established forever.
and for the sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five male goats, and five male lambs a year old. This was the offering of Elishama the son of Ammihud.
But the Jews feared the honorable women, and the rulers of the city, and persecuted Paul and Barnabas, and drove them out of the place.
As for the rings of the wheels, they are high and very strong; and the four rings of the wheels are full of eyes.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Who opens the way for the showers, Or prepares a way for the thunders?
then he shall bring him to your house; and he shall shave his head, and take his yoke;
then hear in heaven, and forgive, and do good, in the land which you dwell in; for you know that they do to them according to their doings (for the heart of every man in the earth knows you),
Behold, I send my messenger before you, and I will keep you by the way, and will bring you to the place which I have prepared.
You look at all these things, and behold, the days come, says Yahweh, that there shall not be one stone here to burn, but to lie down in tents.
He descended from above, and went into my bones, and took me. He set his net on my feet, and turned me back. He made me desolate all day long.
The Gibeonites said, We shall not have silver nor gold nor gold nor any of the things that pertain to us, neither shall we have for our sakes a man in Israel. David said, As you have said, so shall I do for you.
I said to the righteous, He shall surely live; and if he trust in his righteousness, he shall do evil; and all his righteousness that he does shall not be remembered: for he shall die because of his wickedness that he has done.
I will clothe you above with flesh, and will bind you with skin, and will put breath in you; and you shall live; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
But to the children of Conizz, and to Caleb the son of Jephunneh, and to Joshua the son of Nun, to see it; because they wholly followed Yahweh.
They shall know that I, Yahweh, their God, am with them, and shall know that their people are my people, says the Lord Yahweh.
Your hand has framed me. It has perfected me. Give me understanding in your commandments.
Let each man keep his watch, and be called in that hour.
For he knows our state, And remembers us as dust.
Now, Yahweh, save us. Now, Yahweh, let us prosper.
Whoever is found will be thrust through, and whoever is caught will be slain by the sword.
Abraham called the name of that place Yahweh, even to this day. They were still saying, The Lord will prepare on the mountain of Yahweh.
For I have spoken before, and I speak again once more, if any man prophesies in your good news, and in the things which you have received, cursed him.
Son of man, set a parable out of the ears of the house of Israel;
Moses sprinkled the people with blood, and said, Behold, this is the blood of the covenant, which Yahweh has made with you according to all this word.
Hold firmly the testimony, and seal up the law in the midst of me.
They came to the tomb on the first day of the week early in the morning, and the sun rose up.
Peter said to him, Tell me, aren't these the things that you have gotten from the field? He said to him, But these are the things that you have gotten from the field.
If she is clean, then she shall count for herself seven days, and afterward she shall be clean.
David said, The chief of the people who fight against Jebus shall be princes, and they shall be princes. Joab the son of Zeruiah went up against him, and he reigned.
and they shall bring up many against you, and shall stone you with stones, and shall pierce you with the sword;
and the show bread, and the meal offering, or the unleavened bread, and the roasted thing that is in the caldron, and that which is in the caldron, and that which is in the caldron, and that which is in the caldron, and that which is in the caldron, and that which is in the caldron,
Zedekiah king of Judah shall not escape out of the hand of the Chaldeans; but he shall surely deliver him into the hand of the king of Babylon, and shall speak with him in his mouth, and his eyes shall see his eyes.
Then there fell from the sky a great hail, and there were tens of thousands of thousands. They blasphemed God for the plague of the hail, because it was very grievous.
Therefore the Jews reasoned among themselves, saying, Why has this man given us his flesh to eat?
The buds and the flowers were of one piece with it, of pure gold, according to the art of the artificer.
Brothers, though we say this, We believe that you are better than we say, and you can be saved.
The darnel's enemies are the devils'. The harvest is the end of the age of gold, and the harvest is the death of angels.
They cried to the mountains and to the mountains, Fall down, and cover us, that we may escape the face of the throne, and the wrath of the Lamb.
Behold, you are in vain. Your works are in vain. Your chosen are an abomination.
Therefore serve rulers, not only for the fear of God, but also for the love of conscience.
To judge his people, He will call the heavens and the earth to witness.
The bull of the sin offering, and the goat of the sin offering, whose blood is brought into the sanctuary, they shall bring their bodies out outside of the camp, and shall burn their skins, and their flesh, and their dung with fire.
What is love to us in Christ, that we may know, that we also ought to have a life to ourselves, both for our brothers and for our sisters?
The cities of Judah brought out the priests, and they defiled the high places of the incense altar, from Geba even to Beersheba, and broke down the high places of the gates, which were before Joshua the gate of the city, even the way to the gate.
The man of God sent to the king of Israel, saying, Take heed that you don't pass by a wife; for the Syrians are come down there.
For the people rejoiced, because they offered willingly; for they offered up their heart to Yahweh; and king David rejoiced exceedingly.
Your kingdom is come, and your thoughts are done on the earth as in the sky.
He measured the length of the gate toward the north.
Therefore in one day all her plagues will come, and there will be death, mourning, and famine; and she will be devoured with fire, because great power is laid on her Lord God.
Ahaziah hid himself in Samaria; and Jehu sought for him; and they brought him to Jehu, and killed him; and they buried him; for they said, He is the son of Jehoshaphat who sought God with all his heart. So the house of Ahaziah had no power to keep the kingdom.
to recompense the nations, to punish the nations.
I listened to you in my hearing. Now my eyes have seen you.
If my heart be kindled by a woman, Or if I hide myself in the doors of his neighbor's house,
This is the stone, and so is the sand: The anger of the fool is greater than these two.
In the forest it roars like a donkey. Under the thorns it is plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully plentifully p
The fear of Yahweh is a root of knowledge. A fool despises wisdom and instruction.
Behold, there is a time between you and God, that you should do evil things in your heart and in your enemies.
The rest took his servants, and profaned them, and killed them.
As a fattened calf in the midst of the camp, they turned and fled away, and could not stand; for the time had come for them to be punished in the day of their calamity.
That the bondservant of God may have a good work of all good work,
I will number Rahab and Babylon in the midst of my people. Behold, Tyre and Philistia are born in Zion.
Jesus answered them, Be careful that no one leads you astray.
As he who calls you is faithful, so he will be perfect for you.
Now there was a man of Zorah, whose name was Manoah, the family of Dan; and his wife was barren and bare.
How can Christ and the devil be reconciled? What is the place of those who believe, and don't believe?
He said to me, All the chambers that were in the open place are holy chambers, on the north, and on the south: the priests who came near to Yahweh shall eat the most holy things, and shall put the most holy things, the meal offering, the sin offering, and the trespass offering, in that place; for the place is holy.
by the way of the eagle in the sky, by the way of the serpent on the rock, by the way of the ship in the midst of the sea, by the way of the way which leads to the south.
The anger of Yahweh was kindled against Israel, and he delivered them into the hand of those who plundered them; and they took them; and he sold them into the hand of the enemy round about, so that they could no more stand before their enemies.
This will be, says Yahweh, who shall call himself by the name of Jacob, and shall write it with his own hand: He who is Yahweh's, he shall call himself by the name of Israel.
Why are you in despair, my soul? Why are you in distress within me? hope to Yahweh, for I will still praise him. He is my face, my God.
You have surely heard this for your sakes, and have graciously given me this.
But Peter stood outside at the door, and the disciple who was with the high priest went out, and told the woman who was in the door, and she brought him in.
The water that is stolen is sweet. The bread that is stolen is sweet.
I myself didn't know him, but I came to baptize in water, that the children of Israel might know him.
You have established your people Israel for yourselves to be your people forever. You are their God, Yahweh.
Be husbands, love your wives, as Christ loves the assembly, and as he shows himself to the assembly.
By the border of Asher, from the east side to the west side, Naphtali, one portion.
Take their daughters as wives, and give their daughters to their sons, and serve their gods.
But let God speak, And open his mouth to you.
The priest shall take some of the blood of the sin offering with his finger, and put it on the horns of the altar of burnt offering, and pour out the blood on the altar of burnt offering.
They cried, and there was none to deliver them. They cried to Yahweh, but he didn't answer.
These are the things which Yahweh commanded in the land of Canaan, to give to the children of Israel.
and after all the foreigner whom Yahweh drove out before Israel, and after all the ordinances of the kings of Israel.
They shall make a ark of acacia wood. Two and a half cubits shall be its length, and a cubit and a half its breadth, and a cubit and a half its height.
Shall I speak any more? I will not take account of the things that are done to Gideon, and to Balak, and to Samson, and to Jephthah, and to David, and to Samuel, and to all the prophets.
Jesus said to them, Why do men say that Christ is the son of David?
The length of each curtain shall be twenty-eight cubits; and the breadth of each curtain four cubits; and the measure of each curtain shall be as the measure of each curtain.
Hear, and receive wisdom. Don't refuse my teaching.
who has borne our guilt on the cross, and brought us to life in righteousness from the blood of sin; who is healed by him.
As you have done, you shall say, We are servants who have no right, but only those who have the right to do the same things.'
Now these have taken me to be their song, And their proverbs.
Speak to the congregation, and tell them, Depart from the tents of Korah, Dathan, and Abiram.'
Nevertheless the firstborn among the livestock shall not be sanctified of the firstborn among the animals: neither shall any man dedicate to him any more, if he has become the firstborn of Yahweh. For this shall be Yahweh's.
They are not consumed until they are consumed, But the foundations of them are gone.
Now therefore the wheat, and the barley, and the oil, and the wine, which my lord says, may be given to these servants with all diligence.
He said to them, Who are you? Who do you say that I am? Peter answered, You are the Christ.
Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ through the will of God, and I, and I, and I, and I, and I, and I, and I, and I, I, and I, I, and I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I
When they came to Jericho, they and a great multitude came out of Jericho, having a blind man, and Baal Mai, the son of Demai, sitting by the road.
When the kings came out to Joshua, Joshua called to all Israel, and said to the captains of the forces who were with him, Come near to the king's neck with your feet. They came near, and trod on their neck with their feet.
I know your works, and your faith is not yours. It is better for me to delight in you, or to burn, or to you.
Hear this, house of Israel, the lamentation which I have spoken concerning you:
It happened in the first days, when the kings came out to battle, that Joab took the army, and destroyed the land of the children of Ammon, and besieged Rabbah: yet David lived in Jerusalem. Joab struck the city of Laba, and took it.
This was done to establish the words of God which he spoke through the prophets: I will open my mouth and speak parables, I will declare the mysteries of the world.
Ethiopia and Egypt are the strength of none. Put and Lubi are your helpers.
They are all bulls without knowledge. The teaching of idols is only wood.
The Asherites lived with the Canaanites in the land; for they didn't drive them out.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
He turns the rivers into wilderness, And the springs into dry places.
A good woman is many, But you are very good.
Yahweh, the heavens will praise your wonders. In the assembly of the holy ones your faithfulness will be praised.
The king of the south shall be angry, and shall go forth to battle against the king of the north; and the king of the north shall set a great army in array; but the army shall be given into the hand of the king of the south.
They helped, and the Hagarites and the men who were with them delivered into their hand; for they cried to God in the battle, and leaned on God; and he heard them.
When you see the fruit, you shall know that the tree is good. They can't make a fig out of the bush, neither can they make grapes out of the bush.
A stroke is a snare. A stroke is a snare. A hunt is strong. A hunt is strong in the war, And a hunt is broken in the army of the nations.
I will cast you into the earth, and cast you into the field; and all the birds of the sky shall dwell on you, and all the animals of the earth shall be satisfied with you.
He has given you grace and grace more abundantly than those who love you, and he has prayed for you.
The poor profit themselves, And the needy give gifts to the rich.
I have set my peace even to the morning. He has broken all my bones like a lion, from the morning to the evening, and Yahweh will seek my life.
When Abigail was come to Nabal, behold, he was weary in the house like the king's feast; and she was exceedingly glad in her heart, for she was very drunken: therefore didn't Abigail tell her all the great things that were before her all the days of the morning.
He came from Edom, and went from Bozrah, clothed in red, and in soft clothing, and with great power, and who is he who walks? I am he who speaks righteously, and is mighty, and will walk in salvation.
You shall be strong in the weak hand, and shall not be strong in the knees.
If this man doesn't come from God, he has no power to do such things.
Nevertheless you shall not be lost, neither shall one hair of your head be lost.
He will be like a shepherd to his flock. He will take with his hand lambs, and will carry them into his bosom. He will bring all these lambs into his bosom.
All things are mine, and I know that you have nothing to hinder all things.
Then Job arose, and tore his clothes, and shaved his head, and fell on his face to the ground, and did obeisance.
What has Yahweh wanted you to do, you sons of men? Only that you should do righteousness, and that you should have compassion, and that you should have humility, and that you should walk with your God.
When a man strikes my back, I shoot at him. When a man breaks my cheek, he treads it out. When a man reproaches me, he spits at me. I don't hide my face.
All the multitudes honored the apostles, but many didn't come near them.
You have done these things. I held my peace, and didn't speak; you have thought that I was with you. Yet I will rebuke you, and lay all these things before your eyes.
They shall go out after us, and we will entice them out of the city; for they shall say, Surely these shall flee before us, as at the first.' Therefore we shall flee before them;
saying, Behold, this is the man who trusts not in God's servants, but in his own riches, and in his own possessions, and stands in the midst of evil.
Brothers, if any of them dies of childlessness, and the wife of the dead isn't married to any man, then her husband's brother shall come in to him, and shall take her for a wife, and shall perform the duty of a brother's wife.
You have shown me my way of life. I rejoice in your presence.
Woe to the bloody city, full of violence and plunder!
He took some of his blood, and put some of his finger on the four horns of the altar, and poured out the blood on the altar.
It will happen, when they have grown old, that they will not see the Holy One, the greatness of his might forever, and the Holy One, if anyone sees the things which he has made, that he will know; therefore no one understands the time of his birth.
Sheol for the hoofs, because they are cloven-footed, yet have not chewed up, but are unclean to you.
How great is his kindness! How beautiful is his beauty! The grain will be nourished by the young men, And the new wine will be given to the virgins!
Know, that in the end of the world there are various afflictions.
He made cherubim and lions, and palm trees round about, according to their vanities, on the boards of his shovels and on the panels of his saddles.
Then said the king to me, Ask what you want? Then I prayed to Yahweh, who is in heaven.
and Rehum the governor, Shimshai the scribe, and the rest of the company, with Dinah, and the Aphaztekahites, and the Tarpelaiites, and the Arvadites, and the Alkeveites, and the Babylonites, and the Shushanites, and the Dahabahites, and the Elamites;
All prudent men do wisely, But fools proclaim their folly.
They beckoned to the father of the child before his hand, that he might give him a name.
This will be as the spring of the womb. This is the man of Phinehas and Philip.
He will say, I am not a prophet, but a farmer. I am a bondservant to men from the earth.'
He who testifies about God destroys all his pride, and he who interprets every man's mind, that he may be perfect in Christ.
I have forsaken my house, I have forsaken my inheritance, and have delivered my love in the hand of my enemies.
You know that one of those who were sown in the threshing floor was escaped, but one of those who received the avenger's part was escaped. This will be done for you, and you will receive the reward.
The mouth of the basin is over the hoof, and there is a cubit; and the mouth of it is round about it, like the appearance of a throne, and half a cubit: it is engraved in its mouth; its seat is square, and not round about it.
For thus says Yahweh: The whole land shall be desolate; yet I will not destroy it.
Gather yourselves together, and all the people shall come together. Who among them can declare this, and declare all things before? Let them come and testify, and show themselves to them, or if anyone hears, say, Surely.
He cried aloud in the street of the insolent city, and spoke in the gate of the city, and in the city, and spoke out his words:
Then he struck all Judah like a man's heart. They sent to the king, saying, Come again with all your servants.
You shall do this song to the king of Babylon, saying, How is it that the oppressor dies! How is it that the oppressors die!
I love your words, As those who are slain with a great slaughter.
There were two sockets under this board, and two sockets under that board.
and they took away their gods, their molten images, and the jewels of gold, and carried them to Egypt: he didn't return from the king of the north any more year.
neither shall they defile themselves any more with idols, with abominable things, nor with all their iniquities; and I will deliver them out of all their habitations, from which they have sinned: I will cleanse them; so shall they be my people, and I will be their God.
But you despise the poor. Isn't that the rich who oppress you and draw you out?
sackcloth shall be on my people, and they shall be in the midst of the ashes; mourning shall be like the one-footed son, weeping in the weeping of his heart; for the blasphemies shall come suddenly on us.
But he said, Lazarus is dead, and they allowed him to lie.
Many altars were built in the house of Yahweh; and Yahweh said by this house, I will put my name in Jerusalem.
He shall clean the house with the blood of the bird, and with the living water, and with the living bird, and with the cedar wood, and with the hyssop, and with the scarlet.
and the wine shall be a drink offering for a drink offering: it shall be a burnt offering, or a sacrifice, both for the burnt offering and for the sacrifice; and you shall offer it to Yahweh.
Bind a lace of blue, and bind it on the turban, before the turban.
It happened afterward, when Sennacherib king of Assyria and all his army were come against Lachish, that he sent his servants to Hezekiah king of Judah, and to all the Jews who were in Jerusalem, to Jerusalem, saying,
I don't answer those who don't hear, Neither do I answer those who don't hear.
Paul, the servant of God, and the apostle of Jesus Christ, who were called in the faith of the chosen ones of God, to guide them in the teaching of our faith.
The altar was torn; and the ashes of the altar were poured out: as the man of God spoke by the word of Yahweh.
Now I am not worthy to be your son. Give me that which is good for your work.'
Behold, the prophets who have stolen my words from their companions, says Yahweh, I am come against them.
When you saw the south wind, you said, A burning heath!' then you did stir up the heat.
Joab the son of Zeruiah began to number him; but the anger of Yahweh came on Israel from that in which he had done this thing: therefore his number was not reckoned to the end; neither was his number written in the book of the chronicles of king David.
Brothers, I have begun to write to you, that I may talk about all of us, and to remind you of the things which are written in my letter to you. Finally, preach the faith of the saints beforehand for God's sake.
Yes, most assuredly, I desire to have you do all these things faithfully, that you may do good in the faith of the man of God. All these things are good, and good in the eyes of men.
You have done this thing, says Yahweh, and have not left your son, your only son, to whom I swore:
Pray for us, and pray to God, that we may speak the word, and declare the mystery of Christ. I am in wait for this.
Yahweh said to Moses, Put the rod of Aaron under the ark, and keep it, and be over the rebellious, that they not die.
He begged him, saying, My little daughter is dying. Please come and lay your hand on her, that she may be healed, and rise again.
The three men who were bound, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, went down to the burning fiery furnace.
Moreover they offered burnt offerings to Yahweh on the Sabbaths, on the new moons, and on the set feasts, according to the number of the ordinances, until they were offered before Yahweh continually.
They run like mighty men, They go astray like men; They go every way, They don't do it.
For, behold, woe to anyone who doesn't show his cause, but doesn't do it to you.
While they were still talking with him, the king's eunuchs came, and called Haman hastily to the banquet that Esther had prepared.
Absalom fled to Geshur, and lived there three years.
Say you, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: This city has shed blood in it, and has brought its days, and has made its idols to defile themselves, and to persecute themselves.
Aaron shall go in to the holy place, and shall bring one young bull for a sin offering, and one ram for a burnt offering.
Let all their sins be continually before Yahweh, That he may destroy their name from the earth.
Joseph answered Pharaoh, It is not mine. Yahweh will show Pharaoh peace.
We know that the Son of God has come, and he has made us to be astonished, to know him who is the true God, and that we remain in him, both we, and his Son Jesus Christ, a God who is true, and an eternal life.
Absalom said, I will not be judged by reason of the judgment that I have done in this place. I will judge righteously here all the days of my life.
It happened on the seventh day, when it was dark, that they rose up early, and so compassed the city seven times, but this day they compassed the city seven times.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies: Consider your ways.
A ship will come from Kittim, and will afflict Assyria, and will afflict Eber; and he will perish forever.
The priest shall take a little of the fat out of the other's hand, and put it into his own hand.
The heads of fathers' houses, of the families of the children of Joseph, and of the children of Manasseh, the son of Machir, the son of Gilead, came to Moses, and to the princes of the fathers' houses of the children of Israel, saying,
Therefore don't remain in the Word of Christ, but fulfill the works of righteousness, that through death we may no longer believe in God.
If I will count it, it will be more than the sand of the sea. I will be with you in my sleep.
When this God of all Israel chose our fathers, and made them a great people in Egypt, and brought them out of Egypt with a strong hand;
He wrote in his robe and in his legs a name, King of kings, Lord of lords.
Pharaoh called for Moses and Aaron, and said, Go, sacrifice to your God in this land.
Moreover the law corrects your servant, And the charge of his commandments is great.
When the magicians had returned, the Lord's angel spoke to Joseph, saying, Arise, and take the young child and his mother, and flee into Egypt, and bring them to me, and tell you; for Herod is looking for a child to kill him.
If I tell the devil, You are my father. If I tell the worm, You are my mother, and my sister.'
The waters of the sea shall break away, and the river shall be dried up.
In that day, in the land of Judah, men shall sing of it, saying, We have a fortified city; and he shall make a wall of salvation for a city outside of it.
Babylon, I have snared you, and you have made him a prey; and you have caused man to find and catch them; for you and Yahweh are an adversary.
Is all your sufferings worth nothing? Yes, it is a deceitful thing for you.
Ruth said, All that you have commanded me will I do.
Then said Ahimaaz to the king, Peace is at hand; and he bowed himself down before the king to the ground, and said, Blessed be Yahweh your God, who has given you the men who have lifted up his hand against my lord the king.
Let us, we who are mighty, bear the burden of weakness, that we not be content with ourselves.
The gates of the city shall be according to the names of the tribes of Israel: and on the north side three gates: one gate of Reuben, and one gate of Judah, and one gate of Levi.
Jehoiakim was twenty-five years old when he began to reign; and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Zebida the daughter of Pedaiah of the Lumahite.
They have swallowed up, but they can't see, for they have swallowed up, because that which was evil has become as it were before. Then I awakened.
On the fifth day Shilumiel the son of Zurishaddai, prince of the children of Simeon
Jehu said, Go with me, and see my zeal for Yahweh. He set him on his chariot.
He took up his parable, and said, Balaam the son of Beor says, He who has closed his eyes says;
All who were in the field throughout all the land of Egypt, both man and animal, were struck with hail, and all the herbs of the field were struck with hail, and all the trees of the field were broken.
The captain of the guard gave them charge over Joseph, and he ministered to them. They were with him a great while.
Your servants shall dwell among the people whom you shall choose; and this people shall not be numbered.
These are those who are in the thorns, who hear the word in parables, and go to the cares of the world, to riches, and to pleasures, that the word may not stand.
On that day is the Preparation Day: The Sabbath is at hand.
Your commandments are with me continually, That I may be wiser than my adversaries.
This is the fruit of the Spirit of God at that time, according to the fruit of the world, and according to the fruit of the world.
Then the disciples came to him, and said to him, The Pharisees have heard this saying. Do you know it?
This is the likeness of the rainbow in the cloud in the day of the rain. When I saw it, I fell on my face, and heard a man's voice speaking.
By engraved images, and by molten images, by molten images, you are our God, and such a one shall be driven away, and they shall be greatly confounded.
You have lived in Lebanon, and lived in cedars, and have brought trouble on you, and have loved as a woman in travail; and your affliction shall come on you at that time.
The remnant of the house of Judah shall be covered with root, and shall bear fruit on them.
God said to Abraham, Don't call your wife Sarai Sarai, and her name will be Sarah.
They also had little fish. When he had given thanks, he sent his disciples away.
God, let your power be exalted above the heavens. Let your glory be exalted above all the earth.
My son, eat honey, for the honey is good. The honey that eats honey from the honeycomb knows sweetness.
But you, Yahweh, are forever and ever. You have brought memory to all generations.
Make confession one to another. Pray one to another, that he may be healed. Great is the prayer of the righteous.
Now David was least of them; and the first and the third three were with Saul.
After about three stadia his wife came in, yet she didn't know what was done.
He despises kings, and mocks nobles. He laughs at all the strongholds. He raises up a mound against them, and takes them.
Woe to the worthless shepherds who forsake the flock! They shall come to their right hands and their right eyes; and their right eyes shall be darkened, and their left hands shall be consumed.
It may be that, when I come to you, I will see you and the things which I do, and you will see me and the things which I do: and I fear your divisions, and your envies, and your anger, and your slanderers, and your slanderers, and your backslidings.
Christ didn't send me to baptize in Christ, that he might preach the Good News. I didn't preach wisdom, that the cross might not be disappointed.
Praise the name of Yahweh, all of them! For he commands, and everything is created.
They hanged them in the pastures of the wilderness; and the high places were of gladness to gird themselves with girdings.
for the sacrifice of peace offerings, twenty-four bulls, sixty rams, sixty male goats, sixty male lambs a year old: these were the offerings of the altar of anointing oil afterward for the altar of burnt offering.
They took the night, and made it a day, saying, The light draws near to darkness.
Behold, all that is angry with you shall be confounded and confounded; and your strife shall be as nothing, and shall perish.
and heard that I have spoken against this place, and against the inhabitants of it, that it shall be made desolate and cursed: and your heart shall be feeble, and you shall humble yourself before Yahweh, and shall tear your clothes, and shall weep before me; and I have heard it, says Yahweh.
If therefore the bread be cut off for my brother, or for my sister's faith, I will not eat anything sacrificed to idols, that they not stumble in faith.
He who sinks is he who mourns, and he who rises is he who glorys; he who sinks is he who is he who is he who is he who is he who awakes; he who is he who is he who is he who is he who is he who is he who is he who rises up.
Saul fought all his days with the Philistines; and when Saul saw that there was a man or a mighty man or a mighty man, he gathered himself together to him.
Therefore both on the surface of the earth, and on the surface of the body, and on the outside, are joy to the Lord.
from Kadesh Barnea even to the day that we passed over the brook Zered, even thirty-eight years, until all the men of the land died in the camp, as Yahweh swore to them.
He who is to be cleansed he shall wash his clothes, and shave the door of his pitcher, and bathe his flesh in water, and afterward he shall come into the camp, but shall stay seven days in his tent.
Don't let them dwell in your land, lest they be a snare to you against me; and it shall be a snare to you, if you serve their gods.
Now the rest of the acts of Elah, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
Of the children of Benjamin, twelve thousand men who died, men of valor, and the rest of them turned back, and fled into the wilderness to the rock of Rimmon.
Who will continue to live, and not die, And deliver his soul from the scepter of Sheol? Selah.
Mattathijah the Levite was the firstborn of Shallum the Korahite; and his correction was that which was made in the basin.
God, let your dominion be higher than the heavens. Let your glory be higher than the earth.
There is no one who can take this honor in himself, but he whom Aaron so desires.
These are those who keep his covenant. They remember those who obey his statutes.
that, when I come again to you, you may be made rich and rich, and may boast in Christ Jesus for my sake.
These are those who drink wine, and don't know it, but seek one who drinks and drinks.
The five went into the house of Micah, and took the engraved images, and the ephod, and the molten images of the house, and the molten images of it; and the priest said to them, What are you doing?
Behold, I will be your adversary, you Babylon's proud: for I have punished your days, and the time has come.
The angel of Yahweh stretched out his hand, and drew off the rod that was in his hand, and touched the flesh, and the unleavened bread: and the fire went forth out of the rock, and all the flesh, and the unleavened bread, and the angel of Yahweh didn't see it any more.
If the wicked man is worthy to be struck, then the judge shall cause him to fall down to the earth, and shall strike him in his sight, according to his sin.
The two men of Mahlon and Chilion died, and had neither husband nor son.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
In the fourth year of Ahab king of Israel began Jehoshaphat the son of Asaph to reign over Judah.
that we may remain in him, and he who is in him, and he who alone is chosen to be his people.
Our oxen are full of years, and no one will enter into the depths. We will not go out to the war, neither will our streets be weary.
For the king has asked for a troop and for horsemen, that we may fight against the enemy by the way, and I am ashamed; for we said to the king, Our God's hand shall protect all who ask him; but his strength and his wrath shall be on all those who reject him.
Uzziah did that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh, according to all that his father Amaziah had done.
Shallum the son of Jabesh rebelled against him, and struck him before the people, and killed him, and reigned in his place.
Why, my son, do you plot sexual immorality? Why go you to the prostitute?
If we have found favor in your sight, please give this land to your servants for a possession; don't bring us over the Jordan.
His voice has made him known. He has shown him great things to build.
Stand outside, and wait until your borrowors take your pledge, and give it to you.
Then came the king and Haman to Esther's banquet, and to the queen.
For this cause we sent to you Barnabas, and Paul, whom we loved with our whole heart and with our whole soul;
Lift up your hands toward the sanctuary, and praise Yahweh.
I saw that God didn't send him, but he himself said this prophet against me, whom Tobiah and Sanballat have bribed.
In that night you shall eat of the rams of the fire, and of the unleavened bread, and of the bitter herbs, and shall eat of it.
His hands are like gold rings that are stiff-necked. His body is like ivory rings around him. He is adorned with cymbals around him.
We have no more seen our signs, neither have we prophets; neither among us know how long such a thing will come.
They said, A certain Egyptian has delivered us out of the hand of the shepherds, and has given us water for the flocks to drink.
Now will I arise, and go about in the city, and in the street, and in a large place; and I will seek whom my soul desires. I will seek him, but I will not find him.
Yahweh's glorious appearance burns like fire on the mountain. The children of Israel see with their eyes.
Many peoples and mighty nations will come to seek Yahweh, the God of Armies, in Jerusalem.
You shall reckon to all the congregation of the children of Israel according to their families, according to the number of every male according to their names.
Remember therefore, where you stumbled, and repent, and return to your first beloved walk: but if not, I will go to you, and flee away from your lampstand.
Those who knew him, when they saw him prophesying among the prophets, said one to another, What is this of the son of Kish? Is Saul also among the prophets?
I will praise Yahweh in times past. My mouth shall praise him always.
If any stranger lives among you, or is inhabited throughout all generations, to offer a sweet savor to Yahweh, you shall do so; and they shall do so.
They all took counsel, saying, Come, let us make brick, and let us burn it. They have made bricks for the stones, and let us have pitchers instead of the clay.
Yahweh said to Samuel, Listen to their voice, and appoint a king over them. Samuel said to the children of Israel, Go up every man to his city.
He shall bring an offering made by fire to Yahweh with his hand, an oil and a breast, that he may wave the wave offering before Yahweh with his breast.
He took the flesh, all the fat, and the beautiful flesh, and the lower thigh, and the legs, and laid them in it, and filled it with the good bones.
has not gone up to the mountain to eat bread, neither has lifted up his eyes to the idols of the house of Israel, neither has defiled his neighbor's wife;
Therefore will I make Samaria a heap of earth, and shall be a place for the grapes, and I will pour out its stones among the valleys, and will uncover the foundations of it.
Now Eliashib and Tobiah the priests, who were over our house, the priests, and over our household,
Woe to us! Who will deliver us out of the hand of the mighty God? This is the God who struck the Egyptians in the wilderness with every plague.
He who sits in heaven laughs, And the Lord despises them.
I desire to have you know, brothers, that the Good News which I preach is not of men.
Hear the word of the Lord Yahweh, you mountains of Israel: Thus says the Lord Yahweh to the mountains, to the hills, to the watercourses, and to the valleys, Behold, I will bring the sword on you, and I will destroy your high places.
But his father and his mother were amazed, and he charged them that they should tell no one what was done.
Now when David and Saul had spoken, Jonathan's life became like the life of David, and Jonathan loved him as his own soul.
Therefore I am filled with the wrath of Yahweh, and can't stand it: therefore says Yahweh, I will pour out my tongue into the streets, into the young children, into the young men of the assembly, into the husbands, into his wives, into the old men, into the fullness of the days.
This is the portion of the wicked from God. God has established his inheritance.
I will put my Spirit in you, that you may walk in my statutes, and keep my ordinances.
Pilate answered, What then shall I do to you, the King of the Jews?
He shall cut the jawbone out of his mouth, And be full of disgrace.
God, through the mouth of all the prophets, prophesied of his Christ, and it happened that it happened.
It happened, as she went up after her husband, that she came with her to Bahurim. Abner said to her, Go your way. He departed.
Then he said to me, The house of Israel and the house of Judah are exceedingly grievous; and all the blood that is in the whole land is vile in all the cities; for they say, Yahweh has not looked out of this land, Yahweh has not seen it.
But we believe that we only have one God, the Father, who created all things, and we live for him. We alone have one Lord Jesus Christ, who made all things through him, and through him we have escaped.
You shall sanctify all the inhabitants of the land in the fiftieth year, and shall proclaim liberty to all the inhabitants of the land: in that year you shall be a year of your life, and shall return everyone to his own possession, everyone to his own house.
If you, my son, are a mediator for your neighbor's sake, and a collateral for your neighbor's sake,
The word of Yahweh that came to Jeremiah in the days of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah, king of Judah, saying,
They took away the stench from the land, and put away all the idols that their fathers had made;
Gad came to David, and said to him, Thus says Yahweh, Take heed to yourself,
Behold, a leper came to Jesus, and he kneeled down and begged him, saying, If you want to, you can cleanse me.
What shall a man do, that he may enter into the house of the mighty man, and take away his substance? Shouldn't he first bind up the mighty man?
Then I was there a mist, and rejoiced him day by day. I was always glad before him.
The beginning of the words of his mouth is foolishness. The end of his words is madness.
Pharaoh's daughter said to her, Go, take this child, and gird it for me, and I will give it to you. The woman took the child, and put it on her.
My angel shall go before you, and bring you into the land of the Amorites, and the Hittites, and the Perizzites, and the Canaanites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites; and I will cut them off.
Of the children of Judah, their generations, by their families, by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all who were able to go out to war;
Who is able to stand when he is tormented? Who is able to rise in the day when he is angry? His anger is poured out like fire, And his rock is broken in pieces.
Let us look again, and search out our ways, and turn again to Yahweh.
Hear my prayer, Yahweh, and turn your ear to my cry. Don't lift up your voice with my tears, Yahweh. I am a foreigner before you, a foreigner, and a foreigner who is a foreigner with my fathers.
After the days of Samuel the prophet there was not as at this time the Passover in Israel: neither was there any king of Israel like Jehoshaiah, nor the priests, nor the Levites, nor the Jews who were with him, nor the men of Israel, who kept the Passover with the inhabitants of Jerusalem.
Greet Ubanus, who labors in Christ, and in my beloved Stephanus.
In the four corners of the court were the courts; and on the four sides were the walls; and in every court were the length forty cubits, and the breadth thirty; and in the four corners were the measure of their measures.
Laban said, Well, I will do according to your word.
Then Job answered Yahweh,
They cast down every man his city, and filled all the good places, and filled all the springs of water, and cut down every tree of them; only the wall of Kir Heres was left; and the stones were set against him round about.
When I come, I will burn on the earth with fire. If the fire is kindled, don't I know that it is good?
It will happen in that day, that I will give David a righteous branch, and he will execute justice and righteousness on the earth.
the gold of Ophir three thousand talents, the silver of it seven thousand talents, to make the walls of the houses quiet.
In the chamber of the king's house, in the chamber of the chamber of the chamber of the guard, Ebedmelech the Ethiopian, heard that they had dug Jeremiah's well (now the king was sitting at the gate of Benjamin),
Therefore let the head of the woman's head be covered, that it may be written about high things, and about the fear of angels.
This sin offering is most holy: and Yahweh will again bring on you the iniquity of the congregation, and will make atonement for them before Yahweh; and why didn't you eat it in the holy place?
It happened in the evening, that the lord of his steward's house said to them, Call for the workmen, and give them a reward. From the beginning of the last, until the first comes.'
They shall not lie with the rest of the valiant men of uncircumcised men; they shall go down to Sheol with the mighty men, and shall sleep on their heads over the sword, and shall have their iniquity on their bones: they have made the mighty men afraid in the land of the living.
Therefore the Lord, Yahweh of Armies, the Mighty One of Israel, said, Oh, I will take away my enemies, and give myself rest, and I will avenge myself of my enemies.
and not to those who speak, and to those who speak, and to the many who hear, and to the many who hear, and to those who don't understand, and to him who doesn't hear;
It happened on the next day, that all the people's heads, the priests, and the Levites, gathered themselves together to Ezra the scribes, to hear the words of the law.
The humble see it, and rejoice. Let the heart of the man of God live.
Why do you still exalt yourself, and don't wail, neither do you drive out such men as these.
The king talked with them, and found none of them like Daniel, Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah, who stood before the king.
Yahweh is fierce in anger. The folds of peace are an adversary.
David was very distressed; for all the people said that they should stone David to death: and they were grieved for their children: but David trusted in Yahweh his God, and strengthened himself.
For I am more honorable than a Jew, and more diligent in the tradition of the fathers.
There was a certain Pharisee whose name was Neco, a wife of the Jews.
I know also that the Levites have no portion due to them, so that the Levites who bear this burden, and those who sing of it, go every man to his land.
I am perfect in him. I have kept my wickedness, and I have not done it.
The Son of Man will surely be delivered into the hand of sinners, and will be crucified, and will rise on the third day.
Say you to them, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel: Cursed be he who doesn't obey the word of this covenant.
The blood of innocent blood shall not be left to you in the land which Yahweh your God gives you for an inheritance.
They traveled from the mountain of Yahweh three days' journey; and the ark of the covenant of Yahweh went three days' journey before them, and sought rest for them.
He shall keep his holy feet, and make the wicked to be desolate in the darkness: for men shall not prevail by their strength.
Who is the husband of a husband who is married to a husband? Let him go and return to his house, lest he be put to death, and another man be brought to him?
For he has said, He has subdued all things under his feet. Yes, all things that are spoken here are not partakers of all things under the God of Christ.
Only the vessels of gold, and the silver, and the brass, and the iron, shall be separate to Yahweh, and they shall be brought into the treasures of Yahweh.
They gave them the Arabah, and the land that is by the Jordan, from Chinneroth even to the sea of the Arabah, even the Salt Sea, and the farther side of the mountain of Piska.
Then the king and Jehoiada took silver, and made it for themselves to Yahweh's house; and they hired stone cutters, and they set up the house of Yahweh with their eyes, and hired ironsmiths and brass to repair the house of Yahweh.
They are like those who hunt after us, so that we don't walk in our streets. Our end is near, and our days are fulfilled; for our end is come.
Asa took shields and spears out of all the army that went out of Judah, thirty thousand, and twenty thousand, and spread out bows and shields out of Benjamin, all of them mighty men of valor.
Don't be weary of us for your name's sake. Don't be abhorred of your glory. Don't rebel against the covenant between us and you.
The angel of Yahweh came to Ophrah, and sat under the oak of Joash the Abiezerite: and Gideon the son of Joash struck him in the winepress, and didn't let Midian see it.
Therefore I have struck you, and torn you, because your iniquity has made you a desolation.
You shall not remove the border which your fathers made before you.
Moreover if the wicked return from his wickedness, and walk in uprightness and in uprightness, he shall put his soul to life.
But the tax collector stands afar off, lifting up his eyes to the sky, and saying, Have mercy on me, God, who has sinned.'
In the eighteenth year of Jehoshaphat king of Judah began Jehoram the son of Ahab to reign over Israel in Samaria, and reigned twelve years.
I am Yahweh your God, who brought you out of the land of Egypt, to give you the land of Canaan, and to be your God.
So no one in the world will boast before God.
I have called on you, Yahweh, because the fire has devoured the pastures of the wilderness, and the flame has devoured the trees of the field.
They took away foreign gods from among them, and served Yahweh: and the heart of Yahweh was grieved because of the affliction of the children of Israel.
He who tears his eyes at rejoicing brings grief, But he who speaks foolish words will be destroyed.
As for the ten horns, ten kings shall be raised up out of the kingdom; and another king shall be exalted, and those who were before him; and he shall subdue three kings before him.
There is evil in the day of affliction, But a merry man's soul is not cut off.
As soon as it was day, the chief priests and the elders of the people conspired together to destroy him, and to take him dead.
Then David arose from the earth, and washed, and anointed, and changed his clothes, and went into the temple of Yahweh's worship, and went and returned to his house: and he commanded men to lay before him, and he ate.
Jehoahaz prayed to Yahweh, and Yahweh listened to him; for he saw that Israel was oppressed, whom the king of Syria had oppressed.
Nebuchadnezzar brought again the vessels of the house of Yahweh to Babylon, and put them in the house of Babylon.
This is the law which Moses set before the children of Israel.
Of the children of Hebron, Jairiah was chief, according to the generations of his fathers who were in Hebron, in the tenth year of the reign of David, and in Jabiel Gilead, to certain mighty men of valor in the midst of them.
Therefore, please send a guard to the tomb on the third day, that his disciples may come and steal his body, and say to all the people, He has risen from the dead.' The deceit of the latter will be greater than the first.
Are we yet a small thing from the sin of Beor? Though the pestilence is come on all the congregation of Yahweh, yet we are not clean this day.
You shall not remove the border that was before; neither shall you deepn the land of the fatherless.
God will judge among the nations, And decide over the multitude of the peoples; And they will beat their swords into plowshares, And their spears into pruning hooks. Nation will not lift up sword against nation, Neither will they learn war any more.
It was dark darkness that day, and darkness that was shut up, as the moth had spread over the mountain in the dark: and great and strong was the people, and none had done so to this day, nor had done so to the end of all generations.
That you may beat them in pieces, And your feet in the blood of your enemies, And your dogs in their blood.
From the bottom of the earth to the bottom of the tower, the height of it was two cubits, and the breadth of it a cubit, from the four steps to the great height, and the height of it four cubits, and the breadth of it a cubit.
Now Mordecai walked before the women every day, and desired to know how Esther had no leopard, and what was the border between her and her.
For you have not served Yahweh your God in your riches, and in the joy of your heart, and in your joy.
You shall make poles of acacia wood, and overlay them with gold.
He released another dove, and went out to see the waters from the earth, whether they were crooked or not.
Ephraim is oppressed, judged, and bowed down; For he diligently listens to the commandment.
When Rachel saw that she didn't bear Jacob's son, she envied his sister. She said to Jacob, Give me a son. If not, I will die.
He rose up, and ate and drank, and came to the mountain of Yahweh, which is Horeb, forty days and forty nights, by the strength of one eating.
If I hold fast the desire of the needy, Or the eyes of the widow to their eyes;
Don't covet the world, nor the world. If a man loves the world, he doesn't love the Father.
I will gather all peoples, and bring them down to the valley of Jehoshaphat, and will judge them there; for they have scattered my people, Israel my heritage among the nations, and have divided my land;
Yahweh said to me, You shall see their way again, and shall have greater abominations.
I know also what you know. I am not inferior to you.
Then shall it be well with the earth, and with all that is therein, because of the destruction of Babylon; for the destroyer shall come to her out of the north, says Yahweh.
When we had made an end of dividing one another, we went up into the boat, and they returned to their own homes.
Who doesn't know in all these things that God's hand has done this?
But now the word of Yahweh is spoken, saying, In the year that they labor, the glory of Moab and his people shall be brought to dishonor, and the residue few, but it is stirred up.
It was told David, and he sent to meet them; for they were disappointed and brought to shame. The king said, Stay in Jericho until the beard grows old, and then return.
Many will stumble and stumble, and fall, and be broken in pieces, and will be covered and taken.
When they went up to enter into the city, behold, some of the young women came out to draw water, and said to them, Is there here a see here?
It happened, when Jesus and the apostles ate the secret, that the devil gave him a spirit of hope in Judas the son of Simon, a man of Kerioth.
I will cause him to go forth, says Yahweh of Armies, and he shall enter into the house of those who steal; and he shall enter into the house of those who swear by my name, to dwell in his house, and to destroy him, and to destroy him, and his wood and his stones.
but you have bowed down under the captivity, and lay down under the slain: yet his anger is not turned away, but his hand is stretched out still.
So Bathsheba went to king Solomon to speak for Adonijah: and the king arose, and met him, and bowed himself to him, and sat on his throne, and commanded his mother to make him thrones for the king; and he sat on the right hand of the king.
Go, and speak to Solomon's son, to Rehoboam the king of Judah, and to all the house of Benjamin Judah, and to all the rest of the people, saying,
Moses returned, and the elders of Israel, into the camp.
What profit is there in the engraved image, that he should be engraved with the builders? What profit is there in the molten image of the molten image of the molten image of the molten image of the molten image of the molten image of the molten image of the molten image of the molten image of the molten image of the molten image of the molten image of the molten image of the molten image of the molten image of the molten image of the molten image of
You, and the Levites, and the strangers who are among you, rejoice in all the good that Yahweh your God has given you, and in all the good that you have,
The servants of Amon rebelled against him; and they killed him in the king's house.
For I have not lived in a house since the day that I brought up Israel to this day, from this tent even to that tent, even from this curtain even to that curtain.
Even the Father also numbered all of your hair.
If the priest's daughter commits adultery, and shames herself, even her father who reproaches her, then she shall be burned with fire.
There appeared a sign in the sky, and a mighty horse with seven heads, ten horns, and seven heads on high.
If you are about to gather the congregation together, blow the trumpets, but don't blow the alarm.
Jacob slept, and said, Truly Yahweh is with me, and I don't know.
You have given your loving kindness to the people whom you have redeemed. You have brought them into your holy place by your power.
Not only so, but he also, being judged by all the assemblies, was also approved by us for the work which is to be glorified by the Lord, and for our joy.
So they traveled eastward, and found in the land of Shinar a deceitful plain; and they lived therein.
You shall do according to all that the priests the Levites have taught you in the plague of leprosy; and you shall observe to do that which I command you.
All day long I stretch out my hand against the disobedient people. They give their will, and walk in a way that is not good.
Jesus said to them, If a man divorces his wife, and marries another woman, and commits adultery, and marries her;
A fire is kindled in the midst of the man, And a flame is kindled over the wicked.
When he was in trouble, he begged Yahweh his God, and he humbled himself before the God of his fathers.
On the seventh day the priest shall examine it again: and behold, if the plague has spread in the wall of the house,
The meal offering shall be for an ephah of an ephah of an ephah of the bull, when it is in the feast and in the assembly; and the ephah of oil shall be a hin for the lambs according to their meal offering.
because of all the evil of the children of Israel, and of the children of Judah, with their kings, and their princes, and their priests, and their prophets, and all Judah, and all the inhabitants of Jerusalem, to provoke me to anger.
For they have persuaded my people, saying, Peace! There is no peace, even as a man builds a wall, and they feed it with water.
Aaron did so, and lit the light in the lampstand, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
The first day of unleavened bread, the day of the Passover, the disciples asked him, What place do you want us to prepare for you to eat the Passover?
Then I will cause you to go down with those who go down to Sheol to the ancient men; and I will cause you to dwell in the lower parts of the earth from the ancient places of desolation, and from those who go down to Sheol: there shall no man dwell therein any more, neither shall there be any glory in the land of the living.
But Yahweh sits on his throne forever. He has established his throne to judge.
Then Eliakim the son of Hilkiah, who was over the household, and Shebna the scribe, and Joah the son of Asaph the recorder came out to him.
Jehu gathered all the people together, and said to them, Ahab shall serve Baal a little while, and Jehu shall serve him with a great slaughter.
But I know that the Lord will quickly send me to you.
Woe to the rebellious, to the unclean, and to the rebellious city!
Most assuredly I tell you, all these blood sacrifices shall be on this generation.
A wise man's heart is in a house of rejoicing, But a fool's heart is in a house of gladness.
But all these things were done, that the prophets might be fulfilled which is written in the Scriptures. They all left him, and fled.
Israel is like a herd of grain. Now Yahweh will feed them, like a flock in a large land.
It happened, as Peter was knocking outside, that a woman named Reuben came out to hear who he was.
The angel of Yahweh met Hagar by the spring of the wilderness; and the spring ran along the way of Shur.
Now, Lord, according to your word, let your servant go from the world in peace.
Behold, Rebekah is before you, and you shall lead her away, as Yahweh has spoken, to the son of your master as wife.
True witnesses lie, But false witnesses lie.
It happened after these things, that Haman the son of Hammedatha the Agagite lifted up king Ahasuerus, and exalted him, and made him higher than all his servants who were with him.
The prophets and the priests are blasphemies, even in my house, and I have seen their wickedness, says Yahweh.
Cornelius said, Forty days ago, about this time, I prayed in my house, and behold, there was a man, and a garment, and withered, and stood before me.
You shall tell the people, Sanctify yourselves, and prepare you tomorrow to eat flesh; for you have wept that Yahweh might hear you say, Who shall give us meat to eat? for we are very good in Egypt: therefore Yahweh will give you flesh, that you may eat it.
He shall delight himself in Yahweh's fear. He shall not judge the sight of his eyes, nor the hearing of his ears;
They asked him, Rabbi, when will these things be? What is the sign that will happen?
Abraham was one hundred seventy-five years old all his days.
The length of the pillars was ten cubits, and the breadth of it one cubit and a half.
They will roar like a mighty lion roaring like a lion's cub.
Don't lift up your voice suddenly. Don't lift up your voice, and you will be their spoil?
He who lies with robbers hates his own soul. He hears the words of a man who swears, and doesn't speak the truth.
Say you to them, He who is of the children of men throughout your generations, and everyone who is unclean, who comes near to the children of Israel, shall be holy to Yahweh for a holy thing; and he shall be cut off from before me: I am Yahweh.
They say, Come, and I will pour out wine, and we will drink strong wine, and be drunken; and tomorrow will be as of this day, and we will rejoice greatly above us.
For we have heard him say of him, This Nazarene Jesus will destroy this temple, and will make known to us the decrees of Moses.'
Whoever it is who does anything like Christ, the new Maker, who has already passed away, and has now become new.
God's anger was kindled against them, and he killed the strong among them, and struck the young men of Israel.
God's chariots are thousands and ten thousands. The Lord is in the midst of it, as in Sinai, and in the holy place.
and if he doesn't go first to the door of the Tent of Meeting, to come before the tent of meeting of Yahweh, to offer an offering to Yahweh, and blood shall be on him; and he shall shed blood; and he shall be cut off from his people.
I will not take all of your stuff, even all of it, even all of it: it shall not be said to you, I have made Abram rich.'
We exhorted you, and comforted you, that your ways might be attained to the will of God, and he called you to enter into his Kingdom, and to be glorified.
Come to me from Lebanon cedars, fir trees, and almug trees; for I know that your servant has cut down the trees of Lebanon: behold, my servant shall be with your servant.
When the Philistines had come, they laid their sacks in the valley of Rephaim.
They could not keep the feast at that time, because the priests who had sanctified themselves lacked, and the people were not gathered together to Jerusalem.
Behold, I have this day a blessing and a life, death and evil, set before you.
In the first year of the death of the king of Uzziah, I saw the Lord sitting on the high throne, and having filled the temple with his clothing.
yet I have not heard of the Good News of the name of Christ, saying, Blessed is there no one else's work.
If I say, My sorrow is not sharp. If I hold my peace, I am grieved.
For the word was preached in Asia by the Holy Spirit, and they passed through the regions of Phrygia and Galatia.
Shall he take refuge in him for his might? Shall your vanity be entrusted to him?
If your brother turns into a poor man, and sells some of his property, then his near kinsman shall come, and redeem the things that are sold to your brother.
Cut off your chariots, and ride on horses. Lift up your head, and sharpen your spears, and put on your coats.
Her people also are gathered here. The waters of her cups are over them.
Then the house wept the second time. Peter remembered Jesus saying to him, Before the weeping, you will deny me three times, and weeping bitterly.
The appearance of the children is like the appearance of the wheels. They are the appearance of the heart, and of the rings of it, and of the claws of it.
Yahweh do so to Jonathan. Yahweh do so to my father. Yahweh be with you, as he was with my father.
Sisera said to him, Stand at the door of the Tent, and if anyone asks you, Is there any among you? You told him, and didn't say.
The children of Israel, who lived in Jerusalem, rejoiced greatly, and kept the feast of unleavened bread seven days: and the Levites and the priests praised Yahweh day by day, and glorified Yahweh with instruments of music.
Samuel was old, and he appointed his son to be judge over Israel.
Simeon was fifty cubits round about; and the pillars were ten, and the sockets ten; and the hooks of the pillars and the fillets were of silver.
Praise Yah! Praise the name of Yahweh, you servants of Yahweh who dwell in the house of Yahweh.
His children are glorified, and he doesn't know. They are brought low, and he doesn't know it.
Yahweh, don't you remember how long I am? Shall I endure forever? Don't you hide your face from me until a long time?
and with him Oholiab the son of Ahisathath, of the tribe of Dan, skillful and skillful, and skillful in embroidered work, purple, scarlet, and fine linen.
For we don't say that we have no right to call on you to speak, but that we may be a counsel to you, that you may learn our ways.
Leave them alone, they are blind guides. If blind leads the blind, both of them will fall into a pit.
David inquired of God, and God said to him, Don't pursue, but go aside from the side, and fight against them over against the trees of the sanctuary.
He shall turn his father's heart to his son; and the heart of his heart shall turn to his father, that I not curse the land.
He said to them, I will depart, and you will seek me, and you will die for your sins' sake. I will go where you can't go.
David took Abigail, and brought it to him, and said to him, Return to your house in peace: behold, I have listened to your voice, and have done according to your word.
Moses was very angry, and said to Yahweh, Don't charge their offering. I didn't carry them one donkey, nor harm them another.
The men of Joab and the Cherethites and the Pelethites and all the mighty men went out after Abishai, and went out from Jerusalem, and pursued after Sheba the son of Bichri.
The labor of the righteous leads to life. The income of the wicked leads to sin.
There shall be no more any more violence in your land, nor any more desolation nor destruction in your land; but you shall call your walls salvation, and your gates praise.
They lie by the altars for a pledge, And drink in the house of their God the wine of the ungodly.
The officers answered, There has not been a man to this day who says anything like this man.
On the day that he anoints the altar, and on the princes of Israel, he shall do that which he offers the altar: twelve silver bowls, twelve silver bowls, twelve silver bowls, twelve gold bowls,
Laban said to him, If now I have found favor in your sight, please stay with me; for I know that Yahweh has blessed me, because of you.
They shall confess their sins which they have committed, and shall restore them to the wrong-doers according to their number, besides the fifth part of the family, to whom they have defrauded.
It happened, when the children of Israel cried to Yahweh, that Yahweh raised them up a Nazirite, Ehud the son of Gera of Benjamin, who was hanged with his hand: and the children of Israel committed to him an offering to Eglon king of Moab.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
The children of Israel traveled, and encamped in the plains of Moab beyond the Jordan, beyond Jericho.
If a young lady vows a vow to Yahweh while she is yet in the house of her father, and has made a covenant with her,
When a man's cloud ascended on it, and the animal's cloud descended on it, who knew it, or didn't it?
When Yahweh saw that he was turned away to see, God said to him out of the bush, Moses and Moses. He said, Here I am.
Am I a great sea, or a great sea, Or do you prepare for me?
But Sihon didn't believe Israel, nor caused them to pass under his border: and Sihon gathered all his people together, and encamped in Jahaz, and fought against Israel.
All your commandments are faithful. They persecute me without cause.
Above every high hill, and under every green tree, and under the pillars, and under the Asherim,
But everyone with his male servant's money has circumcised. He may eat it.
But he will bring the light to the tombs, And some in his tombs.
Most assuredly I tell you, if he found the lost sheep, he wouldn't have rejoiced more than ninety-nine times.
You shall bring it forth to your children, and your children shall bring it forth to the children, and their children shall be prophesied after their generations.
It happened, when he was about to open, that he sent to those who his servants had asked, saying, Come, prepare every man good.'
Saul went with the spear; for he said, I will strike David, and fasten him in pieces. David fled from two times before him.
Behold, they have obeyed the counsel of Balaam, and have made Israel to sin against Yahweh in the matter of Beer, so that the congregation of Yahweh found favor.
But if anyone speaks in our name by prophesying, or by prophesying, or by writing, saying, This is the Lord's day. Don't be moved in your heart, neither be dismayed.
Solomon's horses came from Egypt, and they were the merchants of the king's house, one company, and bought according to price.
You have not done according to their ways, neither have done according to their abominations: you have dealt little by little, but all that you did is more abundantly known to them.
He will redeem their lives from oppression and oppression. He will see their blood as precious.
Yahweh, your rebuke comes forth, and the breath of your nostrils comes forth; and the sea appears, and the foundations of the earth appear.
It happened in the days of the priests who went out of the sanctuary, that a cloud filled the house of Yahweh.
Let the ravens go forth, and the ravens go forth; and the ravens go forth to the waters of the earth.
Listen to the instruction of your father, you sons. Listen to the understanding of your heart.
The concubine came and rebelled against his husband, and departed from him, and returned to Bethlehem Judah, to the house of her father, and lived there four months.
Behold, these things is a small thing that he has done. How long shall we hear the voice of him? The thunder of his might, who can make it?
Afterward will I deliver Zedekiah king of Judah, and all his servants, and all his people, who are left in this city, and in the pestilence, and in the sword, and in the famine, into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, and into the hand of their enemies, and into the hand of those who seek their life; and he will kill them with the sword, and not spare, nor spare, nor spare, says Yahweh.
They say, Let us trust in him, and let us live, and let us be like a woman in the midst of you,' for we are also his seed.'
On the twelfth day of the month, on the thirteenth day of the month Adar, the king's commandment and his decree were to do valiantly, even the Jews' enemies looking for the day of their dominion; but it was so, that they should rule over all those who hated them.
Then I was afraid of these sorrows; for I knew that God would not hold me guiltless.
When he prayed, his face was changed, and his clothes became white, and his yeast was enlightened.
Likewise with all the assembly of the people of God, let the women be silent in the assembly. Don't prophesy. The law of the Jews is subject to them.
There shall no man dwell in it, neither shall any man sojourn therein; as the cities of Sodom, and Gomorrah, and of the far country, shall they fall.
You shall therefore keep his statutes and his commandments, which I command you this day, that you may be blessed, you and your seed, and prolong your days, in the land which Yahweh your God gives you forever.
King Rehoboam sent Adoram, who was over the men subject to forced labor, to the children of Israel; and all Israel stoned him to death with stones. King Rehoboam hurried to get him up, and fled to Jerusalem.
Give thanks to Yahweh, For he is good. His loving kindness endures forever.
God has given us the precious things of his promise, and the great grace that he has given us, that you may be partakers of the Holy Spirit through all these promises which were made by the world.
and Jealmuth with its suburbs, and Ennammites with its suburbs; four cities shall they give them.
But the loving kindness of Yahweh is on those who fear him, From everlasting even to everlasting. His righteousness is on the children of his seed.
so that we may be as the nations: our King has judged all our faces, and brought us first, and fought for us.
We are foolish for Christ's sake. You stand in the council of Christ. We are weak, and you are strong. You are exalted, and we are revealed.
Take heed to the watch of the house, until you are come within the chambers of the house of Yahweh at Jerusalem, and prove it to the chiefs of the priests, and to the Levites, and to the heads of the fathers' houses of Israel.
Peter, an apostle of Jesus Christ, wrote this letter to the Dispersion, at Pontus, Galatia, Gebathka, Asia, and Media.
Now they will be condemned, double-minded. Yahweh will break down their altars, and will break down their pillars.
He went and took the villages of Chenad and Chenat, and called them Rehobah according to his own name.
Your word, Yahweh, is established in heaven forever.
Now I am glad because of these afflictions. I am afflicted because of the body of Christ, the assembly, and not because of it.
The ordinances of the stenchless are evil, and he devises devices, and destroys the afflicted with lies. When the poor speak of justice, he also destroys them.
In the eleventh year of Zedekiah king of Judah, in the eighteenth year of Nebuchadnezzar, came the word of Yahweh to Jeremiah.
Blessed is the way of the ungodly who don't walk in the land, nor the way of sinners, nor the multitude of deceitful.
The children of Benjamin also went out from Gibeah the second day, and struck them, and killed of the children of Israel twelve thousand men, who fell on the earth with their sword.
If you do this, you will become children of the Father, because he has caused the sun to rain on evil-doers and on good men, and on righteous and unrighteous men.
You have brought down a great rain, God. You have strengthened your heritage, Israel.
For a beautiful prostitute has many lewdness. She has been a prostitute. She has deceived the nations with her lewdness. She has deceived many peoples with her enchantments.
even the princes of Judah, and the princes of Jerusalem, and the eunuchs, and the priests, and all the people who are in the land, who open the calves, and pass through them.
Jacob said, Swear to me today. Esau swore to him that he wouldn't give Jacob the firstborn.
Then said David, There is none to bear the ark of God, save the Levites; for Yahweh has chosen them to bear the ark of the covenant of Yahweh, and to minister to it forever.
When they were scattered, Jesus went up onto the mountain and prayed. Now the heavens were dark, and he was alone.
Behold, Yahweh has given you the Sabbath day: therefore on the sixth day he shall give you two days' bread, and on the seventh day every man shall dwell in his own place; he shall not go forth.
He said to them, My soul is sorrowful, and I will surely die. Take heed to yourselves.
The priest shall write the words of the curse in a book, and they shall bring the anointings into the abominations.
It is like a lion that flees away, and goes to meet him, and goes into his house, and begins to spit in his hands, and it is bitten by the serpent.
Don't be idle, but obey those who believe and obey God.
Six days you shall eat unleavened bread; and on the seventh day you shall keep the solemn assembly of Yahweh your God; you shall do no work.
He brought me up from the north gate to the forefront of the house. Then I looked, and saw that the glory of Yahweh filled the house of Yahweh, and I fell on my face.
Yahweh was angry with the children of Israel, and said, Because this people have transgressed my covenant, which I commanded their fathers, and have not obeyed my voice,
They are shepherds, for they are fed. They bring their flocks, their herds, and all that they have.'
The thorns answered them, If you will make me king over you, then you shall take refuge in my shade: but if not, let fire come forth from the thorns, and destroy the cedars of Lebanon.
They told him all the things that Peter had need. After these things, Jesus passed by from the east side to the west side, and declared the holy one, which can't be destroyed, will be saved forever. (In the end of it, Jesus appeared from Mary Magdalene, who had cast out seven demons before him.)
But Jonah arose, and fled to Tarshish, and fled from Yahweh: and he went down to Joppa, and found a ship to go to Tarshish: and he made it tremble, and set the ship against them to go to Tarshish, and escaped from Yahweh.
Above the foundation of the foundation were men made of gold, and of silver, and of precious stones, and of wood, and of straw.
Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel: In the day that I brought forth your fathers out of the land of Egypt for a house of bondage, and made a covenant with them, saying,
They committed adultery in Egypt, in the days of their youth. There they nursed, and there they laid hold on the breasts of her virginity.
He made darkness for the curtains around him, for the waters that were gathered, and for the thick clouds of the sky.
He breaks it in pieces, and shines. His eyes are like the eyes of the morning.
You shall not sacrifice sacrifices to Yahweh your God, you young bulls, who have any blemish or any unclean thing; for they are an abomination to Yahweh your God.
There was a strong tower in the city, and all the people of the city fled, both men and women, and shut the doors, and went up to the tower.
Go and tell David, Thus says Yahweh, I give you three things: choose you one, and I will do them to you.
Yahweh, the God of Armies, how long will you be angry with your people?
Zion stretched out her hand, and there was none to comfort her; for Jacob had spoken, and Yahweh had commanded, and he had made all who were round about her an adversary: and Jerusalem was in the midst of her as an unclean thing.
Where I am going, you know the way.
Those who were in the prison were commanded, and put them into the prison, and they tied their shoes on their feet.
For the foolish shall speak folly, and shall think evil in their heart, and shall do blasphemies; and they shall speak a perverse word against Yahweh, that there may be no bread for the hungry, neither shall there be water for the thirsty.
besides their male servants and their female servants, seven thousand three hundred thirty-seven men, and two hundred men singing with men and women.
They shall tread down the holy city forty-two months, because the courts of the temple have been given to the Gentiles, and they shall not be measured.
because they didn't listen to my voice, which I sent to them all my servants the prophets, rising up early and sending them, but you didn't listen, says Yahweh.
The suburbs of the cities which you gave to the Levites were one thousand cubits from the base of the city.
You Jerusalem, be taught: lest my soul be joined to you, lest I make you a desolation, a land in which no man dwells.
But if you only give thanks in your heart, then the assembly will not know what you are saying. Why does he give thanks to you, and say, Amen?
There were yet another men of war with Uzziah, according to the number of the king's captains, Jeiel, and Maaseiah the prince, under the hand of Hananiah the captain of the army, in the war.
John answered, Two men who have two coats, divide them to the undressed. Likewise, one who has food, do likewise.
When he was about to bring them into the camp, he said to the centurion, I have a word to tell you, that you can't? The centurion said, Do you know Greek?
Esau said to Jacob, I am very faint. Please give me this red, that I may eat. So Esau was called Edom.
Moses said to the people, Remember this day, that you came out of the land of Egypt out of the house of bondage; for Yahweh brought you out with a mighty hand. The bread of the yeast shall not be eaten.
But Jesus said, Bring the little ones here to me, and don't hinder them, for they will become a people of the Kingdom of Heaven, even as these little ones are.
The sons of Jacob were defiled for their sister's sake; and they came to the slain, and laid hold on their cities.
The earth trembled because of the noise of their fall. They shouted with a loud voice, and prophesied to the Red Sea.
For this is because of the fear of the Jews, because the Jews have a good covenant, and if anyone confesses that Jesus is the Christ, he shall be driven out of the synagogue.
These are the sons of Obed-Edom. They are mighty men of valor, their brothers, and their sons' brothers. Of the children of Obed-Edom were sixty-two.
Rebekah said to Jacob her son, Behold, I hear that your father spoke to Esau your brother, saying,
The servants of the king of Syria said to him, The God of Israel is the God of the high places: therefore they prevail against us: but if we fight against them in the lowland, then we shall prevail against them.
So the old man brought them to his house, and he rode on his donkey, and they washed their feet to eat and to drink.
As foreigners in my house, as foreigners in my handmaidens, so are they. As foreigners in my eyes.
For he walked in the way of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, and made Israel to sin, to provoke Yahweh, the God of Israel, to anger with false idols.
His division, and those who were numbered of them, were sixty-two thousand seven hundred.
He who loves his own soul shall lose his life; and he who doesn't covet his own soul in this world shall surely keep his life forever.
The king said to Esther the queen, Judah has slain five hundred men in Shushan, and has slain ten sons. Don't you know in all the kings what these are? Now what have you chosen? I will give it to you. What have you asked me? I will also give it.
The priests the Levites cleansed themselves, and cleansed the people, and the gates of the city, and the walls of it.
They came there to Herod, to the end that he might establish the word which the Lord spoke to the prophets: and I called my son out of Egypt.
For for my own sake, and for David my servant's sake, I will defend this city, and save it.
For I have kept the way of Yahweh, and have not done evil, and have forsaken my God.
So the men who drew up the weapons let the captives and the spoil go before the princes and the assembly.
I will pour out my wrath on you, and pour out my wrath on you; and I will deliver you into the hand of cruel and skillful murderers.
Behold, the days come, says Yahweh, that I will cut off your arm, and the arm of your father's house, and will cut off from your house an old man.
When you divide the lot for an inheritance, then you shall offer a portion holy to Yahweh: twenty-five thousand reeds long, and ten thousand reeds broad; and the border round about shall be holy.
These are the males who were numbered of the families, besides those who were numbered of the children of those who were numbered of the children of Israel, who came into the house of Yahweh, according to their number, according to their number, according to their number, by their divisions, to minister in their offices.
It happened, when all Saul had sent him, that David was very good in all his ways; and Saul made him prince over the men of war, and the people, and all the servants of Saul, that they were good in their sight.
The days of the building of your walls are come, Jerusalem; and on that day shall your border be enlarged.
and the osprey, and the osprey, and the reeds,
The fathers gave them a great inheritance, even to gold, and to silver, and to precious things, and to the fortified cities of the land of Judah; but they gave the kingdom to Joram, because he was the firstborn.
Take some of the incense, and boil it, and put it in the ark of the tent of meeting before it. There I will meet with you, and you shall make it holy.
They said, Come, and let us build the city and the tower, and let it ascend to the sky, and let us make a name for us, that we not be scattered over all the earth.
For you have girded me with strength, and made me war; and you have subdued on me those who rose up against me.
Teacher, which commandment is in the law?
He overlaid the inner court with twenty cubits; and he overlaid the surface of the surface of the ground with the outer court; and he overlaid the upper chamber with the porch of the upper chamber, with three stories.
Therefore thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, Most assuredly I have said, Your house, the house of your father, shall walk before me forever: but now Yahweh says, I will in no way do so; for I will honor him who honors me; and he who despises me he will be despised.
Hold fast the message that you heard from the beginning. If you hold firmly the message that you heard from the beginning, you will continue in the Son and in the Father.
They shall bring up the curtains of the tent of meeting, the covering of the tent, and the covering of it, and the covering of the covering of the sea cow hides above, and the screen for the door of the tent of meeting;
The people were sitting at the table at the table, and the servants ministering with them, and their clothing, and their drink offerings; and when they saw that he went up to the temple of Yahweh, they were afraid, and there was no more spirit in the cloud.
I don't want you to stand still, but rather to be helped by others.
and outside of the Jordan, by Jericho, and by the east side of the Jordan, in the land of the tribe of Reuben, Bezer of the wilderness with its suburbs, and Arza with its suburbs,
The length of each curtain was thirty cubits, and the breadth of each curtain four cubits; and the eleven curtains were of one measure.
Those who know your name shall trust in you; For Yahweh has not forsaken you.
The Lord said to him, Arise, go to the street called The Dig, which is in the house of Judah, and seek the name of the son of Saul: and you shall see him praying there.
There was a wall inside and outside of the house round about, engraved with cherubim, palm trees, and hyssop.
They shall stumble and fall. We shall rise and stand.
Then the heads of fathers' houses of Edom were astonished, and Moab trembled, so that all the inhabitants of the land of Canaan melted in soul.
They gathered themselves together, and begged Pilate to release one prisoner by custom.
Aaron took it out of their hand, and cast a calf, and struck it with a javelin: and the people said, Israel, this is your god, who brought you forth out of the land of Egypt.
Their mouth vomited out an evil word, And their lips were sharp. They supposed, Who has heard it?
but let us speak in our own hearts and in our hearts, each one of us has his own spirit and spirit, for Christ is our head.
He spoke to Arioch the captain of the king's guard, saying, Why is it that the king's commandment is brought to him? He told Daniel of it.
She conceived again, and bore a son, and said, I will now praise Yahweh. Therefore he called his name Judah. He stayed, and bore no more.
Before the mountains were established, before the hills were revealed, I was born.
It is not that I should do it with you alone, but I will do it with my own heart.
Joseph found favor in his sight, and served him. He set him over his house, and delivered all that he had into his hand.
For he who only hears the law is not righteous before God, but he who does the law will be justified.
Many things I have spoken to you, but I don't desire to have a serpent or a sore. I hope to come to you, and I will tell you in the face, that our joy may be filled.
He killed Jacob with the edge of the sword, his brother, John.
They can't sing and drink wine; But wine is bitter for those who drink.
Yahweh makes known his salvation among the nations, His righteousness.
In them were Phinehas and Alexander; and I delivered them to Satan, that they might be warned, that they should no more blaspheme, but that they should blaspheme God.
Then said Zebul to him, You have said, Who is Abimelech, that we may serve him? and where is the mouth of all these words? Aren't you a people that you have despised? now go you forth to fight against them.
Then said the king's servants to him, Haman is standing in the court. He said, Cause him to come in.
The light of the horn is gone forth from the north. The terror of God is awesome.
It shall happen in two years, that I will take Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon from off this land to Babylon, all the vessels of the house of Yahweh, to bring him again to this place.
But if the husband destroys him in the day that he hears it, and whatever goes out of his mouth, or whatever vow he vows, or whatever covenant he makes, he shall not stand; for his husband has destroyed him, and Yahweh will forgive him.
He said to them, Out of the vomit they have eaten bread, and out of the strong drink. They can't make it out in three days.
They took it, and offered it for a burnt offering on the city, in the place of the firstborn of his throne. Great sorrow came on Israel, and they departed from him, and returned to their own land.
Yahweh raised up an enemy against Solomon, even against Hadad the Edomite, the son of the king of Edom.
The children of Israel did as Yahweh commanded Moses, and divided the land.
All things are clean to him who is clean: to those who are filthy, and to those who don't believe, there is nothing clean, and their thoughts and their consciences are polluted.
The children of Judah and the children of Israel shall gather themselves together, and shall set a head over the land; for the day of Jezreel shall be a great day.
Moses and all the assembly of Israel were weeping at the door of the Tent of Meeting, and there was a man out of Israel; and they took a woman of Midian with their eyes to her brothers.
Asa did that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh, as did David his father.
In the beginning of the reign of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah, king of Judah, came this word to Yahweh, saying,
All the males of Aaron's sons shall eat them, and they shall be an everlasting portion to you from the offerings of Yahweh made by fire throughout your generations: and all the sacrifice of the people shall be holy.
In that day there will be a highway from Egypt even to Assyria. The Assyrian will enter into Egypt, and the Egyptians will enter into Assyria. The Egyptians will serve Yahweh with the Assyrian.
The king said, Yahweh do so to me, if the head of Elisha the son of Shaphat is still on him this day.
He called Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces who were with him, and all the people, from the least of them even to the greatest of them;
But let it not lift up your voice to sigh secretly. Don't let it bother you, neither let it bother you, neither let it cover your head, neither let it be clothed with feet, neither let it cover your lips, nor eat the bread of consecration.
Zedekiah the king said, Behold, he is in your hand: the king shall not eat of you.
For if we put on the garment, we will not be naked.
When I say this, they shall speak no more. My words are like those poured out on them.
Then shall the inhabitants of the sea say, Behold, we hope, that we may escape out of the king of Assyria, because we have escaped our longings for his salvation.'
If I say, I will put it to me, I will also put it to me; but if anyone says, I will put it to me more.'
Behold, Christ is not the glory of his high priest, but God said to him, You are my Son, and I have become your father this day.
Therefore David called him Lord, and he called him Sons of David.
When they had come to Reuel his father, his father said to him, How is it that you are coming quickly this day?
Son of man, I have broken the arm of Pharaoh king of Egypt; I have not bound his wounds, neither have I made a reed, neither have I made a reed, that he may bear a sword.
Mordecai put on a robe of blue and purple, and overlaid it with crowns of gold and fine twined linen, and went out from the presence of the king.
They said to the seer, Don't have a seer's vision. They said to the prophet, Don't speak to us blamelessly. Tell us the words of confusion, and speak false things.
Shall the land be forsaken for you, when you are angry, and tear your clothes? or shall the rock be forsaken for you?
Stand in the gate of the house of Yahweh, and prophesy these words there, and say, Hear you the word of Yahweh, all that comes into the gates of Judah, to worship Yahweh.
Israel is forsaken. The enemy pursues him.
If I judge, then my judgment is right; for I am not judgmental myself, but the Father who sent me to judge with me.
They worked his signs among the adversaries. They worked wonders in the land of Ham.
It happened, before the day was come, that David arose, and the people who were with him, and departed, and struck the two hundred Philistines: and David took the wineskins of the oxen, and they gave them all to the king, that he might be the king's son-in-law. So Saul gave Michal the daughter to David as wife.
He said to them, Go, tell him what John has seen you, and what he has heard. This is the blind, lame, pure, deaf, dead, and able to hear the Good News.
The king Asa took hold of the queen of Asherah, who had made him the queen of Amas, because she had made her images of abominations for Asherah. Asa cut down her images, and burnt her with the mouth, and burnt her up by the brook Kidron.
Yahweh of Armies will preserve them. They will swallow up their enemies, And tread down the stones which they have cast down. They will shout for their drink like wine. They will be like the bowls of a pot, As the horns of an altar on high.
They sought you, Yahweh, in the midst of trouble. Your border came on them, and they prayed to you with all their heart.
You have surrounded me with your wrath. You have destroyed me with your terror.
He went away from there, and found Elisha the son of Shaphat, who was a farmer, twelve of the oxen before him, and he himself reigned twelve of them. Elijah passed by, and spread his clothes on him.
Therefore send a present to Moleshat Gehennath; and the house of Achzib shall deal treacherously with the kings of Israel.
His father and his wife shall take him, and carry him out, and bring him to the elders of the city, to the gates of his place;
The gold, and the silver, and the brass, and the iron, and the very much shall not be numbered: arise, and do; Yahweh be with you.
I will surely bless you, and multiply you with children.
It isn't in heaven, so that you say, Who has gone up for us to heaven, to bring us here, that we may hear and do it?'
For the world has been created through the earth, but the world doesn't know this.
For you always have the poor with you, but I am not always with you.
Thus king Solomon made all the work of the house of Yahweh. Solomon brought in the things that David his father had dedicated, and put them in the treasures of the house of Yahweh, silver, and gold, and vessels.
I am telling you, what you shall do in the elders of Judah, that you may help them build the house of God, which is to be built out of the midst of the tax collectors' houses of the king's money, and that they not be unfaithful.
The trees said to the fig tree, Come, and reign over us.'
Therefore don't pray for this people, neither make supplication for them, nor make supplication for them; for I will not listen to you.
After them came up seven cattle, and they were feeble, and they were weak. I didn't see them all in the land of Egypt.
Balak said to Balaam, Don't curse them, neither bless them.
We worshiped day and night, twelve tribes, and hoped for it. For this hope, O king, I made a defense to the Jews.
He shall blossom, and be glad, and shall have joy, and shall sing; and the glory of Lebanon shall be his, and the beauty of Carmel and Sharon; and they shall see the glory of Yahweh, the beauty of our God.
The righteous has a well of defiling the spring of the waters, as he has trodden down before the wicked.
It will happen that, when this corruptible thing is cut off, and it dies, it will happen that, when it dies, the Scripture, which is written, will be fulfilled, that it will be swallowed up and swallowed up.
The righteous know how to overthrow the house of the wicked, And how to destroy the wicked.
The sons of Jacob, because he defiled Dinah their sister, answered Shechem and Hamor his father with the words of deceit. They said to them,
He planted their palaces, and turned their cities into desolations, because of the noise of his roaring; and all the land and all that was therein was desolate.
You shall bring him who curses to the camp, and cause those who hear him to lay his hand on his head; and all the congregation shall stone him to death with stones.
But the Pharisees, when they heard it, said, This man is but a Beelzebul prince who casts out demons.
I called my servant, and said, I can't answer him. Then I will ask him with my tongue.
What are you numbered? Why do you judge another? They stand, or fall, and their lord will watch over them. They will stand, for the Lord will help them.
You have made a snare for us. You have set a burden on us.
For Yahweh our God has brought us forth, and our fathers, out of the house of bondage which is in the land of Egypt, and has worked before our eyes great signs, and has preserved us in all our ways, and in every nation where we pass by.
Then I asked the angel who talked with me, What are these? He said to me, These are the horns which scattered Judah, Israel, and Jerusalem.
So all the children of Israel traveled: and Joseph commanded them by the commandment of Pharaoh to give their chariots and their food in the way.
They taught in Judah, and wrote in the book of the law of Yahweh, and went throughout all the cities of Judah, and taught the people.
He who has ears to hear, let him hear.
But let us write to them, saying, You shall not eat unclean things of the idol, nor have sexual immorality; neither shall you eat the things of the nimble, nor the blood.'
When Martha had finished speaking these words, she called Mary, her sister, and she said to her, The Teacher is come, and he is calling you.
For there he made the throne of judgment, the throne of the house of David.
You have abominable covenant with your servant. You have preserved his crown in the earth.
I will set a shepherd over them, and he shall feed them, even David my servant; and he shall feed them, and be their shepherd.
There came a man who fled, and told Abram the Hebrew, and Abram lived in the oak of Mamre the Amorite: and Mamre, Eshcol, and Aner were brothers, and had a covenant with Abram.
Now the rest of the acts of Omri, and his might that he shown, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
Alas, the light is in the gold! The purest is in the purest. The stone of the sanctuary is cast into the streets.
This stone is precious to those who believe. From those who don't believe, it is the stone which the builders rejected. It has become the cornerstone of the corner.
But if a woman has quietness, faith, love, and sanctification, she will be saved by the fruit of her womb.
You are full of the wisdom of the wicked. You shall be carried away captive with the judgment.
When they went to kill, I was left there. Then fell I down on my face, and cried with a loud voice, Ah Lord Yahweh! would you pour out the wrath of the children of Israel on Jerusalem?
Now, behold, the king whom you have chosen, behold, Yahweh has made a king over you.
Behold, a fire is come down out of the sky, and it has devoured the two captains of the army, even them fifty men: now therefore see my life as a precious treasure.
You shall lie down in the fold of rams like a coffer's wings of silver, and like gold in its gates.
If you go away, then you shall keep it as yourself; but if not, you shall make peace with them: neither shall a man leave his wife.
You, my son, will be called the Most High Prophet; For you will prepare his way for the Son of the Lord,
Jesus said to him, Go your way. Your faith has made you well. Immediately the blind will see, and will follow him.
But if God says that there is a new covenant, then he will turn the first covenant into old covenant, and the old covenant will fade away quickly.
Behold, Yahweh will come in the midst of the fire, His chariot like a whirlwind; He will execute vengeance with wrath, And rebuke with flame.
I tell you, it isn't. If you don't repent, you will all perish in the same way.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: Don't enter into my sanctuary the Gentiles of the children of Israel, who are uncircumcised in heart, uncircumcised in heart, and uncircumcised in flesh.
When he came to Jerusalem, and many people were with him, and camels loaded with spices and gold in abundance, and precious stones, he came to Solomon, and told him all that was in his heart.
They all ate, and threw the wheat into the sea, that they might make the ship lighter.
Though his forest is sore shut up, yet they will cut him down, because they are so much as locusts, that they can't be counted.
Can you remove the mystery of God? Or can you pull out the Almighty?
God saw all his works, and said, Behold, it is good. There was evening and there was morning, a sixth day.
The woman went, and did according to the word of Elijah: and the woman ate with her house and with Elijah many days.
I will stand in the watch, and will stand in the battle, and see what he says to me, and what he says to me.
My face is toward this city continually, that it may bring evil, and not bring good; and it shall be given into the hand of the king of Babylon, and he shall burn it with fire.
You shall not consent to him, or to a man who lacks money, to be collateral for him.
Yahweh spoke by his servants the prophets, saying,
For you have been a great loving kindness to me. You have saved my soul from the pit.
and that he may use the breath of life to come into the idols of the beast, and that the idols of the beast may speak, and that whoever doesn't worship the idols of the beast may be killed.
I will sprinkle pure water on you, and you shall be clean; and I will cleanse you, and take away all defilement from you, and all your idols.
While he was considering it, an angel of the Lord appeared in his dream, and said, Don't be afraid, you son of David, that you may take a wife for Mary; for the womb which he has conceived comes from the Holy Spirit.
My soul longs for the courts of Yahweh, That they may faint; My heart, and my flesh, That they may cry to Yahweh of living.
When you pray, don't be as hypocrites, to be seen, and to stand up in the synagogues, or in the marketplaces, praying. Most assuredly I tell you, they have received their reward.
The heavens will declare their sins, And the earth will rise against them.
My feet have walked in your ways continually. My feet have not trodden away.
and given thanks to the God who led the children of Israel through them; for his loving kindness endures forever.
Go in, and tell Pharaoh king of Egypt, Let the children of Israel go out of his land.
These are the service of the families of the Gershonites which they shall minister to:
and the priests and the prophets, the priests and the prophets of the house of Yahweh of Armies, saying, Shall I now do this thing in the fifth month, that I may set apart the world?
The lord of the vineyard sent another servant to the vineyard, and he beat the head of the vineyard, and humbled it.
If any man preaches the word of our Lord Jesus Christ, and doesn't follow the law of godliness,
He took a piece of unleavened bread out of the basket before Yahweh, and a piece of unleavened bread, and a piece of bread, and put it on the fat, and on the right thigh.
Sidon was your shepherd, and the inhabitants of Arvad; and the wise men of your midst were your pilots.
God reigns over all nations. God sits on his throne.
As he did to Dathan and Abiram the son of Eliab the son of Reuben, and to Abiram, how he opened his mouth in the midst of the children of Israel, and devoured them, and their households, and their tents, and all their living creatures.
You shall tell your son, Yahweh brought us forth out of Egypt by a mighty hand, which we had made in Egypt to be Pharaoh's bondservant.
Yahweh abhors the balances of deceit. He delights in the weights of justice.
In those days the princes of Judah sent letters to Tobiah, and Tobiah blessed them with letters.
Send you one of you to your brother. Put away here all of you, that you may confirm your words, whether you are true, or not. If not, I swear by the life of Pharaoh, you must be spies.
All these were the ten, sons of Hamedatha the son of Hamathah, the enemy of the children of Judah: but their substance was not taken away.
You will be hated by all men for my name's sake, But he who endures to the end will be saved.
They hurried, and spread their clothes on the top of the stairs, and laid them under Jehu: and they blew the trumpet, and said, Jehu is king.
Give him wings to Moab, that he may flee. His cities shall be desolate, without inhabitant.
When Paul and Barnabas had preached the Good News in Derbe, and had made many saints, they returned to Lystra, Iconium, and Antioch,
You have gone up to the high place, and taken them; and you have received their offering out of the midst of men, and they have offered the rebellious, that Yahweh God may dwell in the midst of them.
Paul, an apostle of Christ Jesus through the will of God, to the faithful of Christ Jesus at Ephesus.
Can two thousand taste any salt? Or can two thousand taste some salt?
Jethro, Moses' father-in-law, took Zipporah of Moses' daughter, whom Moses sent away.
The animals came in, and lived in their caves.
then the two burnt offerings shall stand before Yahweh, and before the priests and the judges, at their proper season.
The brooks of Edom will become stubble, And the dust will become sulfur. His land is become stubble.
Thus says Yahweh, If the covenant which I make in the night pass away, and I don't set the laws of the heavens and of the earth,
The shield of his mighty men was red; and all the men of war were clothed with scarlet: and his spear was turned away from him in the day of his war, and his chariots withered with salt.
The hangings of the court shall be fifty cubits broad, and their pillars ten, and their sockets ten.
and he commanded the Jews, from the beginning of the king's swift news into all the provinces of the king, from the youth up to the end of the month, and from the child up to the end of the month Adar, even twelve months; and he utterly destroyed it, and killed it, and killed it, and took away their substance.
It happened, O king, at noon, that I saw on the way a brightness of mightier than the sun, that I came down from heaven round about me and around my company.
But where is the breath, and where is the breath?
I will ask, Isn't it known to the children of Israel that Moses has spoken, saying, I will provoke you to jealousy with men who don't belong to my people, and I will provoke you to anger with strangers who don't know me.
Far be it from me that I should speak unrighteously, Neither shall my tongue speak deceitfully.
Behold, God does great things by his strength. Who is like him in the teacher's office?
You shall therefore keep all the commandment which I command you this day, that you may go in and possess the land which you go over to possess it;
You shall not eat of anything that dies of itself, that you may cause the footstool of your gates to eat, or that you may not be eaten by the nations; for you are a holy people, a God to Yahweh your God. You shall not milk the goat with your mother's milk.
Joshua cut the stones of the sword into pieces, and circumcised the children of Israel there on the north country.
Moses took the children of Israel from the Red Sea; and they went out, and came to the wilderness of Shur, and walked three days in the wilderness, and found no water.
They shall dwell securely in their own land, and none shall make them afraid; and I will bring them again out of the midst of the nations, and gather them from the land of their enemies; and they shall bear their shame, and all their sin that they have trespassed against before the nations, when they shall be sanctified in them.
A certain one of them, named Agabo, stood up, and prophesied in the Holy Spirit, that there would be a great famine in the whole world. This was so in the days of Claudius.
All these things are heard, that the last things are to fear God, to keep his commandments. This is the custom of a man.
Then the king commanded, and they took all their wives, and cast them into the den of lions; and before they came into the den of lions, the lion leaped to them, and took their bones out of their mouth.
He shall take the fat of the ram, and the tail of the fat tail, and the cover of the grain, and the cover of the liver, and the two kidneys, and the fat that is on the kidney, and the right thigh. This is the offering of the holy consecration.
Because of the multitude of witnesses, who have surrounded us like a cloud, let's announce all our errors, and make known to us our half our sins, and make us tremble before us.
Won't they possess it? Won't they divide the spoil? Didn't they divide every man his two daughters? So Sisera divided the garment of the embroiderer, and the embroiderer's embroiderer's garments, and the two faces were of the embroiderer's crimson, to put it to his neck, and to make the spoil.
The old man's ordinances are broken, because he has no strength and no power.
So the men of Israel who were beyond the Jordan on the other side of the valley, when they saw that Israel was fled, Saul and his sons died, and they forsook the cities. The Philistines lived there.
therefore give you wisdom and understanding, and I will give you wealth, wealth, and honor: there shall be none like it among the kings before you; neither shall there be any more like it after you.
If Satan himself is divided against himself, why does his kingdom stand? You say that I cast out demons in Beelzebul,
The princes said to them, Let them live. So they made the congregation a potter, and a hired workman, as the princes had said to them.
A man's wealth will redeem him alive, But the poor will not fear the terror.
Let your house also take this woman from Yahweh, that she shall give to your seed, as Tamar bore to the house of Perez, Judah.
Of the chiefs of the thirty, three went down to the rock to David to the cave at Adullam: and the army of the Philistines encamped in the valley of Rephaim.
and he who stands before Yahweh our God this day, and before us this day, and he who is not with us this day;
This is the commandment of those who watch, and the commandment of those who sanctify, that they may first know, and the kingdom of the Most High, according to their own will; and that whoever gives kingdoms may also make them lords.
Before he goes up to the high places to eat, you shall enter into the city and meet him; for if he had not yet come, and the people had not first eaten, until he had first blessed him, and afterwards the guests who were invited shall eat. Now therefore come, and you shall find him at this time.
having no conscience, keeping no covenant, having no kinsman, and having no mercy.
A fire went forth from before Yahweh, and burnt burnt burnt offerings on the altar, and oil; and when all the people saw it, they shouted aloud, and fell on their faces.
The earth shall not fail forever, for it is my land. You are foreigners and foreigners before me.
The slain shall fall in the land of the Chaldeans; and the slain shall fall in the street.
Achish said, What is the land to you this day? David said, The south wind of Judah, and the south wind of the Elamerites, and the south wind of the Kenites.
You shall know the mystery of your wisdom, and the wisdom of all things; and you shall know that Yahweh will not forget your iniquity.
The children of Israel called this manna, as a bear, and as a honeycomb, and as a white, and as a perfumer of honey, so were they.
Then came all the wise men of the king in whose sight they could not read the writing, nor show the interpretation to the king.
and said to them, This people has said to me, Take our yoke, and put it on us, and make us lighter.' What counsel give you that we should return answer?
He breaks in pieces the counsel of the nobles, So that they can't prosper in the work of their hands.
You shall take stones of another kind instead of the stones, and you shall anoint the house with the clay.
Yahweh said to Moses, The princes shall offer the offering; and they shall offer every man his offering in his day.
But don't do to her the thing that the daughter shall not do to her; for she shall not die, as a man goes against his neighbor, and kills him in the same way.
Behold, Yahweh sends a commandment, and strike the great house with his mouth, and strike the little house, and let it be broken.
You shall wash your flesh, and anoint your oil, and change your garments, and go down to the threshing floor: but you shall not cause that man to judge you. When he has eaten,
I will bear the wrath of Yahweh; for I have sinned against him, until he has pleaded my cause, and has judged me; and he will bring me forth to light, and I will see his righteousness.
Then the prophet took the dead body of the man of God, and laid it on the donkey, and brought it to the old city of the prophet, to lament it, and to bury it.
The gift of love endures forever, but those who speak the word will be no more, and the knowledge will be no more.
His children are far from safety. They are oppressed in the gate, and there is no one to deliver them.
Moreover all the violence that you have done to Lebanon, and all the animals that are done against it, shall cover you; because you have killed men, and because you have covered the cities of the land, and because you have covered them with violence who dwell in them.
Better is the one who is filled, and he who is hired to eat, and he who is hungry, and he who is barren, and he who bears seven sons, and he who has many sons, but is feeble.
Who is better than you? Fall down, and lie down with the uncircumcised!
Others fell into the thorns, and the thorns grew up, and choked them.
The trees said to the vine, Come, and reign over us.'
It happened on that day, when Yahweh was angry, that he swore, saying,
Yahweh said to Moses, Behold, you shall lie down with your fathers; and this people shall rise up, and play the prostitute, and shall play the prostitute after the foreign gods which he shall go in to dwell there, and shall depart from me, and break my covenant with him.
saying, Truly the Lord has risen, and has appeared to Simon.
Then Micaiah spoke to them all the words that he had heard, which Baruch had read to the people in the book which he had heard.
When he arises, his kingdom shall be divided toward the four quarters of the sky, and shall not be joined to his seed, neither shall it be like the height of his former estate: for his kingdom shall be plucked up to another man, besides his seed.
The first covenant also was for the worshippers, and for the house of the world.
I have made their mouths to speak praise; peace and prosperity to those who are far off, and to those who are near; I will heal them also, says Yahweh.
Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces who were in the field, came to Mizpah to Gedaliah, and said to him,
Who is like Yahweh in the heavens, And like Yahweh in the mighty ones?
Therefore will I choose to lead them astray, and cause their terror to come on them; for I have called, and there is none to answer: I have spoken, but they will not listen; but they have done that which is evil in my sight, and have chosen that which I have not rejoiced.
Now I beg you, brothers, remember that you were called, and that according to the flesh you were not wise, neither were there any man who had power, neither were there any man who was joined to one another.
and he brought the crown of the queen Vashti before the king, and showed the people and his servants the beauty of it; for it was beautiful in his sight.
The man looked steadfastly at him, and didn't speak, that he might know the way of Yahweh which he had given him.
If you have something to say, then answer me. Speak to me, for I love to justify you.
It will happen that, when Ashkelon sees it, it will be afraid; and when Gaza will see it, it will be very bitter; and Ekron will see it, because it is disappointed. There will no more be a king in Gaza, nor any more in Ashkelon.
Memucan answered before the king, and before his princes, and said, Neither did Vashti the queen reproach the king, nor give king Ahasuerus to all the princes of the provinces, and to all the people.
When therefore they came to the rest of the disciples, they, Peter, James, John, and they saw a great multitude, and the scribes and the scribes questioning them,
Jesus said to them, Not everyone receives this saying, but one who has this grace.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: In that day there shall be an uproar in your heart, and you shall plot evil;
I will send forth his hand to the great sea, And his right hand shall be to the great river.
I heard a voice out of heaven like the voice of a great waters, and like the voice of thunder, and like the voice of brass. The voice that I heard was like the voice of a harp, and like the voice that stands on the altar.
I commanded the gates of Jerusalem to be shut on the Sabbath day, and I commanded that no Sabbath day should be opened. I set certain servants over the gates, that no man should come in on the Sabbath day.
I will multiply your seed exceedingly; and the kingdom shall come on you, and the prince shall come on you.
She conceived, and bore a son; and Judah named him El.
Behold, I write to you with a great writing.
So we will no more be children, neither will we be turned to every wind of righteousness, nor will we make deceit and deceitful lusts any more, so that men can draw them away.
Jesus said to them, Have you no fish, young man? They said, It is nothing.
The king commanded, and they brought Daniel, to cast him into the den of lions. The king said to Daniel, Your God, whom you serve continually, he will save you.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies: In those days shall ten men take hold of a man of the skirts of the Jews out of all the families of the nations, and shall cleave to him, saying, We will go with you; for we have heard that Yahweh is with you.
The beams of our house are cedars, Whose horns are thorns of wood.
Now therefore don't you fight this time, Judah and Jerusalem; set yourselves in array, and see Yahweh, and save you: don't be afraid, neither be dismayed, until tomorrow go forth to them; for Yahweh is with you.
God came near to Abraham's promise, and the children of Israel were fruitful in Egypt.
The tree of the field shall yield its fruit, and the land shall yield its fruit; and they shall dwell securely in their own land; and I will break the yoke of their yoke, and will deliver them out of the hand of the man who carried them captive. Then they shall know that I am Yahweh.
Afterward there was this law in Israel: and the daughters of Israel went year by year after the daughters of Jephthah the Gileadite, four days.
He traveled from there to the mountain that is on the east of Bethel, and pitched his tent there: and the west was Bethel, and the east was Ai. There he built an altar to Yahweh, and called on the name of Yahweh.
The prayer of Moses, the servant of God, the Holy One. Lord, you are our dwelling place throughout your generations.
For since the day that I brought your fathers out of the land of Egypt to this day, I chastised them, rising up early and warning them, saying, Obey my voice.
In the twenty-three year of Joash the son of Ahaziah king of Judah Jehoahaz the son of Jehu began to reign over Israel in Samaria, and reigned eleven years.
If he has done nothing wrong, it is of his own heart, and is able to do his own pleasure, and he has determined that he will not give her an inheritance, that is good.
Behold, those who prophesy falsely, says Yahweh; and they speak of their dreams, and of their lies, and of their desolations, that they may go the way of my people, and I will strike them: for I have not sent them, nor charged them, neither have they wronged this people, says Yahweh.
By the border of Ephraim, from the east side to the west side, Reuben, one portion.
They also forsook Yahweh, and served Baal and Ashtaroth.
Those who came near to him were the tribe of Manasseh; and the prince of the children of Manasseh was Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur.
Because you have listened to the voice of Yahweh your God, and have kept all his commandments, which I command you this day, to do that which is good in the sight of Yahweh your God;
Thus says Yahweh: For three transgressions of the children of Israel, yes, for four, I will not turn away its punishment; Because they betray the righteous for money, And I betray the poor for a pair of them.
Shall we therefore be struck in the end of this faith by the law? Far be it from us, that we should be established in the law.
then they lifted up their voice to the multitude, and made their voice strong in their hands, and they wrote in the lintel gate, that it might be in the beard.
Jacob came to his father, and said, My father. He said, Here am I. Who are you, my son?
He walked in the ways of the kings of Israel, and in the house of Ahab, and did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh, because he had married the daughters of Ahab.
He who speaks is like a robber, But the tongue of a wise man heals him.
The princes said to Baruch, Go, lie in wait with Jeremiah, and don't let anyone know where you are.
He declared his signs in Egypt. He revealed his wonders in the field of Zoan.
Jesus said to him, Peter, I tell you, before the rooster crows today, you will deny me three times.
This day Yahweh your God has commanded you to do all these statutes and ordinances; therefore observe and observe with all your heart and with all your soul to do them.
I hate her, says Yahweh, the God of Israel, Because of her wife, And because of her violence, Therefore keep your heart, and don't deceit, says Yahweh of Armies.
He brought me to the gate of the court. I looked, and behold, a window was found in the wall.
and one male goat for a sin offering, to make atonement for you.
I tell you, brothers, the flesh of the flesh can't inherit the Kingdom of God, but the flesh of the flesh can't be corrupt.
Surely you will triumph over me, And rebuke me with my reproach;
I will cause men to walk on you, even on my people Israel; and they shall possess you, and you shall be their inheritance; and you shall no more make them cease.
He said, Who shall go first and tell Abraham, Sarah, that she should suck up?' For when she was old, did I bear her a son?
You shall not put your father to death for your son, nor cause your father to die for your father's sake; but you shall die every man for his sin's sake.
and the clothing, and the leprosy of the house,
But Melchizedek didn't belong to Levi's younger generation, but took a tenth out of Abraham, and blessed Abraham, who had been promised by God.
He who trusts in himself will stumble, But the righteous will flourish like a green tree.
Isn't it more to be exalted than to be exalted than to you? yet we didn't have power than to be exalted above all things, lest we should be cut off from the Good News of Christ.
My mouth shall speak truth. My lips hate evil.
Naaman said, If you will not take it, please give to your servant the dust of the two servants, for your servant will no more give burnt offerings, or sacrifices, to other gods, but only to Yahweh.
As they were eating, Jesus took bread and gave thanks, and broke it, and gave it to the disciples, saying, Take, eat. This is my body.
Yahweh is a zealous God, and he has avenged him. Yahweh is a vengeance and wrathful one. Yahweh is angry with his enemies, And angry with his enemies.
This is the displease of the Lord, when one treads under his feet the stuff of the world in which it is shut up.
Now therefore fear Yahweh, and do diligently; for Yahweh our God has no unrighteousness, nor flatters, nor takes a bribe.
neither let him rest, until he have founded Jerusalem, that Jerusalem may be a praise to the earth.
David said, It is good that I make a covenant with you. But I will require a thing of you, that you come to my face, if you don't bring Michal, Saul's daughter, into my face.
Preserve my strength with cakes of grapes, And strengthen my soul with flatteries; For I am sick for love.
Their widows are multiplied before me more than the sand of the sea; and I have brought about the slaughter, and have struck the mother of the young men, and made them to bereaved, and trembling has come on them suddenly.
The upper chamber is better than the upper chamber, because the porch of the tower covers the land; and it is more right than the middle chamber.
Then the priests the Levites arose, and blessed the people; and their voice was heard by Yahweh; and their prayer came to his sanctuary, which he had lived in heaven.
Noah became the father of three sons, Shem, Ham, and Japheth.
My mouth shall speak praise to Yahweh. Let all flesh praise his holy name forever.
Wisdom is better than rubies, But there is nothing like her that a man desires.
He made the axe, and overthrew it with coals of fire, and struck it with the rod, and struck it with a strong hand, so that it was hungry without strength; and it didn't drink water, and became weary.
Gebal, and Amon, and Amalek, and Philistia, and the inhabitants of Tyre;
All these things you have hid in your heart. I know that you have this mind.
Yahweh spoke to Joshua the son of Nun, saying, Be strong and of good courage; for you will bring the children of Israel into the land which I swore to them, and I will be with you.
Turn you, and don't be unrighteous. Turn, and my righteousness is still alive.
Depart from the cities that are far off, and not from the cities of the nations, so shall you do to them.
They took the donkey, and gave him his cloak, and spread it on the donkey, and raised him up.
When they came to the city of Nazareth, they lived there, to confirm what God spoke to the prophets, to be called the Nazarenes.
that we may serve him with our burnt offerings, and with our peace offerings, and with other sacrifices, both for you, and for us, and for our generations, before Yahweh, that your children may say to our children after this day, You have no portion in Yahweh.
Delilah said to her, Why do you love me, because you didn't remain in me? Three times did you lie to me, and didn't tell me where your strength was.
As for me, Yahweh will stand firm in his word to me. Your loving kindness, Yahweh, will be forever. Don't forsake the work of your hands.
You shall hear what they have said. After that you shall go down into the camp. Gideon went down with his servant Pholah to the camp, and brought the men who were armed by him.
But they are like Adam's covenant. There they have dealt treacherously toward me.
It was told Joab, saying, Behold, the king weeps and mourns for Absalom.
I will wash away all their transgressions from me, And I will forgive all their transgressions from me, And my transgressions from me.
but to Caleb the son of Jephunneh was the field of the city, and the towns of it.
Woe to him who lies on his bed for sin, and to the workers of iniquity, until the morning light; for the hand is strong to do it!
When he had made an end of speaking, he proclaimed a conspiracy.
Yahweh was angry with Uzza; and Yahweh struck him there because of his error: and he died there by the ark of Yahweh.
For who can please me, if I afflict you with sorrow, but you who have sorrows?
He and his disciples were invited to the marriage feast.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Jeremiah spoke to all the people, and made mention of all the words of Yahweh their God, which Yahweh their God had sent to him.
It happened in the morning, that the morning was about to go to meet Saul. It was told Samuel that Saul was come to Carmel, and was standing there stone, and turned back, and went down to Gilgal.
They said, No, but tell us. Jehu answered, Thus says he to me. He said, Thus says Yahweh, I have anointed you king over Israel.
When they had eaten a long time, Paul stood among them, and said, If you had listened to me, and had not opened your eyes to depart from Crete, you would not have found this to happen.
Then you shall call on me, and you shall go and pray to me; and I will hear you.
Jacob blessed his two sons, when he believed, and when he was about to die, he bowed his knees, and worshiped God.
It shall happen, when you shall hear these ordinances, and observe to do them, that Yahweh your God shall do according to all that he swore to your fathers, and according to all your loving kindnesses.
that they may possess the remnant of Edom, and possess the nations that are called by my name, which Yahweh of Armies has spoken concerning this matter.
It happened, when Ahaziah king of Judah saw it, that he fled by the way of the house of the garden; and Jehu pursued after him, and said, Kill him also in the chariot's house: and he came near to Ibleam, and went up to the hill country of Mizpah, and struck him; and he fled to Megiddo, and died there.
For Yahweh will pass through, and will strike the Egyptians, and he will see the blood in the lintel and in the other doorpost; and Yahweh will pass through the gate, and will not destroy the life in your house, but will strike you.
For my enemies shall not boast in me, but I know that you delight in me.
As it happened on the seventh day, there was a place where it was said, God rested on the seventh day from all his work.
Immediately one of them ran, and filling the sea, and tied the reeds to him, and brought them to him.
I have heard the cry of the children of Israel, that they are subject to forced labor, even the Egyptians; and I will remember my covenant.
But the voice that came to him from heaven the second time, saying, You shall not defile that which God has cleansed.'
Jesus turned and said to Peter, Get out of here, Satan! You are my stumbling block. You aren't God's, but man's.
All of us have fallen into the ground. I heard a voice saying to me in the Hebrew language, Saul, Saul, why do you persecute me? Thus have you done, as an ox with a vulture that has a thorn in his feet, which is love for himself.
The help of Egypt is vain. Therefore I call him Rahab, who can't be satraps.
Heaven and earth will pass away, but my words will in no way pass away.
Pharaoh said to Joseph, I am Pharaoh. If you will not raise your voice in all the land of Egypt, you will not allow a man to shake his hand sore.
Therefore prophesy against them all these words, and speak against them, saying, Yahweh will cry out of the midst of it, and will cry out of his sanctuary, and will cry out to his flock; and he will cry out of all the inhabitants of the earth, as one who treads in the midst of the vine.
Let your enemies know your name. Let the nations tremble before you.
He opened a head between the two walls, and put it into the pool. But you didn't hope to make it, neither did you consider that it had been ordained, but that you would establish it.
But if you go, and set your table before you, don't ask it for the sake of conscience.
After Ibzan Elon the Zebulun judged Israel, and judged Israel ten years.
It happened in the seventh year, that Jehoiada sent, and brought them into the house of Yahweh, to the house of the house of the house of Carib, to meet him, and made a covenant with them, that they should swear in the house of Yahweh, and show them the king's son.
If a man entices his wife before she is slain, he shall take her for a wife.
The king answered the people roughly; and the king of Rehoboam left the counsel of the old men,
You shall make a lamentation for the princes of Israel.
When shall it be, when you shall fight against men, and destroy him as the wall of the chariot that is broken down, or as the wall that is to fall?
Will I then ask, will Israel fall, will they not rise? May it never be! For their transgressions have taken hold of them, and their salvation has come on the nations, but their jealousy has stirred them up.
It happened, when Samuel heard all the words of the people, that he spoke them in the ears of Yahweh.
They took of the livestock of the Hagrites, five thousand camels, twenty-five thousand sheep, and two thousand donkeys, and ten thousand men.
Yahweh's cloud was on the tent of meeting in the daytime; and fire was in the midst of it by night before the eyes of all the house of Israel: so was it in their journeys.
Flee from the midst of Babylon, and go forth out of the land of the Chaldeans, as a goat before the flock.
They said to him, Lord, open our eyes, that we may see.
He has made heaven, earth, sea, and all that is in them. He has kept his faithfulness forever.
When the apostles of Jerusalem heard that Samaria had received the word of God, they sent Peter and John to them.
Woe to the governors of the kingdoms of the lands of the lands of Zion, which are hidden in Zion, on the mountains of Samaria, the remnant of the house of Israel!
When those who do evil, my enemies, come against me to eat my flesh, they stumble and fall.
The angel said to me, Proclaim yet more the words of God, which he prophesied to the nations, and to the kingdoms, and to the languages, and to the kings.
and the great trials, and the signs, and the wonders, and the mighty hands, and the outstretched arm, which Yahweh your God brought you forth out of Egypt, shall your God do so to all the people whom you fear.
All the priests whom the kings of Judah had appointed to worship idols burned incense in the cities of Judah, and in the high places that are round about Jerusalem, have the king cut off, and have burned incense to Baal, and to the moon, and to the stars, and to all the army of the sky.
Surely the light of the wicked will go out, And the flame of his flame will not shine.
His left hand is on my head. His right hand is on me.
and Heshbon with its cities in the lowland, Dibon, and Bamoth Baalel, and Beth Barel,
Abram and Hagar were buried together, and Hagar conceived. She knew that she herself was pregnant, and she despised the woman.
You gave them the land flowing with milk and honey, which you swore to their fathers to give to them.
Yahweh will kill you before your enemies; and you shall go out against them by the way, and shall flee before them seven ways; and you shall wander among all the kingdoms of the earth.
Yahweh came yet again, and said to him, This man is not your heir, but your heir who comes out of you.
King Solomon sent Benaiah the son of Jehoiada; and he struck him, and killed him.
It happened, when the Syrians fled before Israel, that David killed the Syrians seven hundred chariots, and forty thousand horsemen; and he struck Shophach their captain, and put him to death there.
Awake, awake, you drunken, and weep; for everyone who is drunken, weep for the wine; for there is no wine to come into your mouth.
In the earth, when I heard that you were gathered together, I believed that it was a matter of truth.
Therefore thus says Yahweh, Behold, the days come, says Yahweh, that I will punish the engraved images of Babylon; and all the wounded of the whole kingdom shall lament.
All the house have come up against your handmaid, and have said, Bring forth the manslayer out of the midst of the house, that we may kill him, and that he may die, and that he may die, and that he may be put to death, and that he may be put to death.' So they will send me away the coals of fire, that I may not be left to the seed of my husband to be left in the midst of the earth.
Micaiah said, I have seen all the children of Israel scattered on the mountains as sheep without shepherds. Thus says Yahweh, These are the counselors; let them go every man to his house in peace.
My anger shall proceed out of my nostrils, says the Lord Yahweh, When Gog shall come up against the land of Israel in the day when he shall come.
Jesus went out in his ways to the Mount of Olives, and the apostles followed him.
They gave him some of the wine that they drank. He didn't drink.
All that is in it shall be unclean, and all that is in it shall be eaten: and the thing which is therein shall be drunken, and it shall be unclean.
Neither did he regard the things that were offered by the hand of man; but he gave life to man with his breath, and all his substance.
As he has said in Hosea, These are not my people, I will call them my people; Those whom I don't desire, I will call them my love.
Let the heavens be opened, And the mountains be lifted up before you.
When he has broken his mouth, he shall return to the dust. His counsel shall be empty that day.
The word of Yahweh came that night to Nathan, saying,
Jesus answered them, God is able to do all things which no man can do.
Like a brier pierced into a drunken hand, So is a proverb in the mouth of fools.
Now Eli's daughter-in-law, Phinehas' wife, conceived, and came to the birth, and heard that the ark of God was taken away, and that the fatherless and the husband-in-law died; and she gave birth, and bore a son; for she was sore in pain.
Manoah said to the angel of Yahweh, Please let me keep you, that we may prepare you a kid.
The king of Israel said, Take Micaiah, and deliver him to Amon the governor of the city, and to Joash the king's son, saying,
David said to the young man who spoke to him, Where are you from? He answered, I am the son of the foreigner, the Amalekite.
The man said, What is your name? He said, I am Jacob.
Jonathan made a covenant with the house of David, and said, Yahweh require him out of the hand of the adversaries David.
Joseph had two sons who were born in Egypt: and the house of Jacob came to Egypt, seventy men.
Take heed to yourself that you don't offer your burnt offerings in a place of pleasure to you.
Behold, you have sinned against Yahweh your God, and have made for yourselves a calf, and have quickly turned aside out of the way which Yahweh commanded you.
Judah took there a man out of Caesar's army, and the chief priests, and the men of the Pharisees, the officers of the temple, and took the lamps, and the fire, and the lamps, and the lamps, and the lamps, and the lamps, and carried them away.
If a servant flees from his master, and comes to you, you shall not deliver him to his master.
Arise, and bring up the child, and hold him with your hand; and I will make him a great nation.
and the third part shall be in the king's house, and the third part in the gate of the foundation: and all the people shall court in the house of Yahweh.
until all things are subdued in Christ, and the Son is subdued under all things, that God may rule over all things.
The woman said to Elijah, What have I to do with you, man of God? Come, that I may be remembered by Yahweh for my sin, that my son may die.
To turn you from the way of evil, From those who speak good.
So David put garrisons in the land of Aram Damascus, and the Syrians subdued for David to tribute him. Yahweh sanctified David wherever he went.
Woe to the multitude of evils, and to the multitude of rumors; to the prophets they will seek visions; but the law of the priests and the counsel of the elders will be cut off.
Saul said, I will not eat. But his servants and the women were quiet to him, and he listened to their mouths, and rose up out of the ground, and sat on the bed.
Many will be sanctified, and will be tried; but the wicked will still do wickedly; and all the wicked will not understand, but the wise will understand.
Jesus said to him, Your brother will rise again.
Israel saw Joseph's two sons, and said, Who is this?
Wake up, stand firm in faith, be strong and strong.
Moreover Yahweh said to me, Son of man, will you inquire of Oholah and Oholibah? show them their abominations.
You son-in-law, you are all righteous enemies, full of all deceit and wickedness. Why do you want to despise the truth of the Lord?
But Simon, one of them, got him into the boat, and sent him away from the side of the boat. He sat on the boat teaching the multitudes.
Jesus therefore, perceiving it, said to them, Lazarus is dead.
Jesus said to him, Most assuredly I tell you, today, when weeping twice in the evening, you will deny me three times.
The elders of the assembly are like God's stewards. Don't be proud. Don't be angry. Don't be angry with drunkenness. Don't be angry. Don't be arrogant. Don't be greedy for dishonest gain.
The oxen of Abram, and the silver, and the abundance of gold,
A hated man stirs up strife, And love covers all disobedience.
Our bones are scattered by the side of the grave, as one turns away the dust from the ground.
A great multitude followed him, and some of them wept for him.
In the days of their anger, In the days of their life, they swallowed us up.
The locusts came up throughout all the land of Egypt, and lodged round about Egypt, and were far away: and there was no locust after them, neither shall there be any more.
He who gives to the poor doesn't lack, But he who doesn't see will be cursed.
If you sit with the captain of the guard, set your mind on him who is before you.
He shall make a high priest among his brothers, and shall pour an anointing oil on his head, and shall put on his holy things, and shall put on his holy garments; he shall not break the hair of his head, nor tear his clothes.
For all know your obedience. Therefore I rejoice over you. But I desire that you be wise from the good work, and from the evil work.
I command you before God, and Christ Jesus, and the chosen angels, that you observe these things, and not that you have turned aside, but that you should do them no more.
Thus they feared Yahweh, and made men of the multitude to be priests to the high places, and sacrificed them in the high places.
Now this is righteousness in the sight of God, to the end of the ages forever and ever.
But whatever you do, be wise in your own conceits. When you teach, be self-controlled,
You shall do the flesh of the ram that is offered for the consecration, and you shall do it in a holy place.
Surely I know this; for how then is it righteousness to a man before God?
For all that is done is evil, and all that is hidden, and all that is done is evil; and God will judge.
He reigned seven years in Hebron, and six months: and he reigned over all Israel and over Judah in Jerusalem thirty-three years.
Why then will you die, you and your people, because of the sword, because of the famine, and because of the pestilence, according to the word of Yahweh, that he will not serve the kingdom of the king of Babylon?
It shall be, when I am in Troas, in the outer garments of their mother's house, that you shall bring them with you, and bring them with you, even the flocks of rams.
Then you said, What does God know? Shall he see the judgment of darkness?
Six days shall you labor, and do all your work;
Awake, awake, Jerusalem, and sit down, you captivity of Zion, and loosen your neck.
From this day forth will I make all the peoples of the earth to hear your fame, and I will fear you and you, and will tremble and tremble because of you.
The famine came in the seven years. As Joseph had said, there was famine in all lands; but all the land of Egypt had bread.
and a great eagle, and a great molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten
He took two chariots and horses; and the king sent after the army of the Syrians, saying, Go and see.
A fool's labor makes him faint, For he doesn't know the way into the city.
You shall make a pomegranate of blue, purple, and scarlet, all around the robe, and shall have a golden bell between the pomegranates.
The glory of God is in this city. The light of the city is like precious stones, like chastening, like the shining of waters.
whom Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon didn't take, when he took Jeconiah the son of Jehoiakim king of Judah, and the nobles of Jerusalem who were in Judah, from Jerusalem even to Babylon.)
If anyone confesses that he is of Christ, let him also consider that he is of Christ, and we are of Christ.
While the husband lives, let her be bound. If the husband dies, he will be free from those who desire him, but will be given to those who believe.
You have kept the covenant, which you promised to your servant, my father David: your mouth speaks with your hands to establish it, as it is this day.
for the two networks, four hundred pomegranates; two pomegranates for the one network, to compass the two capitals that were on the top of the pillars;
that through faith you may be preserved by the power of God, that it may be prepared before the end of this age for salvation.
Rehum the governor, and Shimshai the scribe, to appoint Jerusalem; and as in Artaxerxes the king, so do they:
Prepare also the place that I shall dwell in; for I hope that God will hear your prayer, that I may come to you.
When you prepare your table to be invited, ask for the poor, the sick, the blind,
What will you do when you are down? If you are clothed with scarlet, and deck yourself with gold, and use the scarlet to speak to your eyes, show yourself beautiful and empty. Your love has despised you, and sought your life.
For God has set us in order a more excellent counsel, but the will of God is that these may be perfected with us.
When he had washed them, he clothed them, and sat down, and said to them, Do you understand what I do to you?
These are the livestock which you may eat: oxen, sheep, goats,
The proud have kept silence and snares secretly for me. Seth has snared me to do mischief by the way. Selah.
I saw the holy city, Jerusalem, which is the new, coming down from God from heaven, like a bride, ready to meet the bridegroom.
Will he judge with great power me? He doesn't discipline me. He will listen to me.
It shall be the seventh year, that the land shall keep its sabbaths, even its sabbaths which are kept by Yahweh; it shall not sow your land, nor gather your vineyard.
But you are like water, and can't stand your head. For you have uncovered the bed of your father. You have defiled my bed.
My days are ended. My counsel and my mind are consumed.
The city was laid waste, and the gates of it were destroyed.
The chief priests and the chiefs brought him to judgment, and crucified him.
The words of the wise men are as thorns, And their bindings are like a pin's pint. They are all of one shepherd.
Now I know that Yahweh has delivered his anointed, and will hear him from his holy heavens, and will save him with the strength of his right hand.
No one will see you fasting, but the Father will see you. So the Father who keeps watch will reward you.
Yahweh is near with those who fear him. He will show them his covenant.
that the Good News of peace might be preached to all, which has separated you from the Gentiles who are far from God, and from the Jews who come near to God.
if your heart be merry with the hungry, and the afflicted be satisfied; then your light shall be revealed in the darkness; and your darkness shall be made as the sun in the midst of it.
If a prophet dreams to speak of his dream, and he receives my word, let him declare my words in truth. How is it that he is like chaff and wheat? says Yahweh.
Jehu said, Cast her down. They brought her down, and she poured out her blood on the wall and on the horses, and trod down with their feet.
The king said to him, Go in peace. Absalom arose, and went in Hebron.
Don't rejoice over me, my enemies. Though I fall, I will rise again. I sit in darkness, Yahweh is my light.
The breastplate is an archangel. It is a plumb line. The length of it is a heap. The breadth of it is a heap. It is a heap.
Your throne shall be established long ago. You shall be established forever.
Of Shemaiah the Nehelamite you shall say,
and said to them, Go into the village that is opposite you, and it will happen, when you go into it, that you will find a donkey tied there, which hasn't yet come up; and you will untie him, and bring him here.
Is it lawful for him who hates justice? Or is it lawful for you to condemn the righteous and mighty God?
He stretched out like a handbreadth, and held hold on one of the hairs of my head. The spirit lifted me up to the heaven and to the earth in the vision of God, and brought me to Jerusalem, and toward the inner court of the gate of the north; and there was a molten image there, one against another, that stirred up the wall.
The king said to them, As you shall see good, so shall I do. So the king stood by the gate, one hundred, and one thousand of the people, according to their houses.
They asked him to stay some days, and he didn't agree.
You shall bring the firstborn to me; and so shall your ox and your sheep: and on the eighth day you shall return to me seven days after his wife.
Some of the godly men buried Stephen, and wept for him.
The length of it shall be twenty-five thousand, and the breadth of it ten thousand; and the Levites shall be the ministers in the house for their inheritance twenty-nine chambers.
Can his loving kindness be forgiven forever? Or will his promise be forsaken forever?
Saul arose from the ground, and lifted up his eyes, and opened, and didn't see what the sword was. They took him by the hand, and brought him into Damascus.
When the five lords of the Philistines saw it, they returned to Ekron that day.
To the angel of the assembly in Laodicea write: Amen, a faithful witness of truth, and God's Maker says these things:
That which we shall do, that Yahweh your God may show us.
Therefore a man fears him, And doesn't regard the heart of wisdom.
As fig trees, and as fig fig fig trees, shall you have the first fig fig trees; and you shall wave them; and you shall lie at the mouth of everyone who eats them.
His left hand will lift up my head. His right hand will fall on me.
For I have given you the message which I received, which is written in the Scripture, that Christ died for our sins,
God helped him to fight against the Philistines, against the Arabians who lived in Gibbar, and against the Midianites.
The spoil of the spoil, the spoil of the men of war, was sixty-seven thousand five thousand sheep;
You shall do no manner of work this same day; for it is a day of sin to make atonement for you before Yahweh your God.
Yahweh, the God of Armies, whose might is greater than you? Your faithfulness is round about you.
To kill the God of Og king of Bashan with thanksgiving; For his loving kindness endures forever.
They shall become desolations in the midst of the waste places; Her cities shall be a desolation in the midst of the waste cities.
For yet a little while, and I will be angry with you, and will be angry, and will cease from their destruction.
He said, Why does my lord pursue his servant? What have I done? What evil is my hand on?
You preserve my head in the day of battle, In the strength of Yahweh my salvation, the Lord.
Now therefore, behold, you are changed, and have done that which is right in my eyes: every man proclaims liberty by his neighbor, and makes a covenant in my name before me.
Now when Abram was come down from Kedorlaomer, and all the kings who were with him, king Sodom came out to meet him to the valley of Shabbi; and the valley of Shabbi was the valley of the king.
As for me, I will look for Yahweh, And wait for my God of salvation. My God will hear me.
The children of Israel took away the Baals, and the Ashtaroth; and they served Yahweh only.
Jesus said to them, The fish that were laid up in the dungeon are coming.
He cut off his head, and cut off his armor, and sent to the land of the Philistines round about, and spread it among the houses of their idols, and among the people.
I also delivered you out of the hand of the Egyptians, and out of the hand of all your oppressors, and drove them out from before you, and gave them a land to you.
The armed men went before the priests who were with the trumpet, and the elders followed the ark. The priests went astray.
If Yahweh your God shall enlarge your border, as he swore to your fathers, and shall give you the whole land, which he promised to your fathers.
God, keep me, for I trust in you.
So they stood in the house of God, both I and the captains of the guard, and stood there.
The lame fellow whom you saw, whom you saw, was strengthened by faith in the name of Jesus, whom you all saw, because he was perfect in the name of Jesus.
Yahweh said to Satan, Where have you come from? Satan answered Yahweh, and said, I have walked on the earth, and have walked on it, and have come from it.
I have called your name The green olive tree,' and it is good to see it, and to bear fruit. Now I will kindle a fire on it, and it will be broken.
Reuben said to them, Don't let him shed blood. Throw him into the dungeon of the wilderness, and don't put his hand to death. His thoughts were to deliver Joseph out of their hand, that he might return to his father.
Woe to you, you robbers! You robbers! You robbers! You robbers! You robbers! You robbers! They will deal treacherously with you.
The children of Israel and Baal Peor were joined together; and Yahweh was angry with the children of Israel.
Of Gad he said, Blessed be the fulfillment of Gad, Who hides himself as a lioness; Who tore his arms and his head.
Far be it from us that we may perform all the words of our mouth, to burn incense and drink incense to the queen, and to pour out drink offerings to us, and to our fathers, and to our kings, and to our princes, in the cities of Judah, and in the streets of Jerusalem; for then our food was filled, and our peace was not seen.
But the cities of the Levites, in which they have inherited the possession of the city, the Levites may redeem them in due season.
May Yahweh increase your number, and multiply you and your seed after you.
circumcision and uncircumcision are not desirable, but we must be new to the work.
The Lord's righteousness is increased every morning. Your truth is magnified.
All the people, and the nations that don't serve you, shall perish, and the nations shall be utterly desolate.
In this land there is marvelous abominations,
For they don't know the five loaves of bread, But their heart is very hard.
Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard left the people to a half-tribe in the land of Judah, and he gave them vineyards and fields.
He leans on the earth for it, And cleaves to it, and spreads it on the way.
Thus says Yahweh: If Zedekiah king of Judah, and all the princes of it, and all the remnant of Jerusalem, who are left in this place, and in the land of Egypt, I will count them as figs of the sea, which can't be eaten, because they are so bad.
Araunah said to David, My lord the king, offer up, as you have seen good; and behold, here shall be oxen for a burnt offering, and threshing instruments of grain, and chariots of oxen for wood.
He who increases understanding, And increases understanding,
I remember God, and I am grieved. My heart has fainted within me. Selah.
He rejected the tent of Shiloh, which he had pitched among men.
Send your yoke to Yahweh. He will sustain you. He will never be shaken by the righteous.
But I am like a deaf man, who doesn't hear, as a mute mute tongue.
Now because you received the word of my mouth, which I spoke to you, you have made it good for him.
You, Lord our God, brought forth your people out of the land of Egypt with a mighty hand, and gave you a name, as at this day; and we have sinned, and have done wickedly.
On the sixth day Eliasaph the son of Tauel, prince of the children of Gad
and the bow, and the linen garment, and the overlaying of the head, and the veil of the body.
Have I come now against this land to destroy it, and not Yahweh? Yahweh spoke to me, saying, Go up against this land, and destroy it.
There is a boat where you go. The great fish which you have made gather them, and they take them away.
When he saw him from afar, he ran and fell down before Jesus,
They gave one loaf of bread to all the people, even to all Israel, and one loaf of raisin, and one loaf of raisin, and one loaf of raisin; and all the people departed, and went every man to his own house.
Jesus said to them, I will also ask you a parable. If you answer me, I will tell you by what authority I do these things.
You shall remember that you were servants in the land of Egypt: and Yahweh your God brought you out by a strong hand, and by an outstretched arm; therefore Yahweh your God commanded you to keep the Sabbath.
This day Yahweh will deliver you into my hand; and I will kill you, and kill your head, and I will this day give to the dead bodies of the Philistines, and to the birds of the sky, and to the animals of the earth: and all the children of the earth shall know that there is a God in Israel.
Jonathan said to the young man who drew up his armor, Come, let's go into the uncircumcised camp, and Yahweh will do for us; for Yahweh's salvation is in vain.
For our liberty's sake, Christ has freed us. Stand therefore, and do no more that anyone crushes him as a bondservant.
A certain Levite went, and took a woman of the sons of Levi, and became a wife.
These are those who were numbered of them: Moses, and Aaron, and the twelve princes of Israel; and they were numbered of them by their fathers' houses.
The front of the tent of meeting was a parable, so that they offered both gifts and sacrifices, that they might not give themselves to the worshippers with a good conscience.
David said to God, Isn't it me who called the people? how have I sinned, that I have done great evil, but what have these flocks? please Yahweh my God, put your hand on me, and on my father's house, and don't fight against your people, and give them pestilence.
When we have returned to your servant our father, we will speak to him the words of my lord.
He who is unrighteous is an abomination to the righteous, But he who walks blamelessly abhors the wicked.
You shall not defile yourselves in all these things; for I have defiled myself in all these things, which I have driven out before you.
The oxen gather their grain, And don't put their mouths on them.
This is the reproach of your enemies, Yahweh, The anointing oil that you anoint.
Don't you know that men have come from the earth, From ancient times;
Behold, this city is near, and I shall flee there, and this city is little. Please let me be there, and keep me alive. Isn't this a little city?
For whatever we ask of God, we will receive, because we have kept his word, and have done his pleasure before him.
The days of his birth are fulfilled, But the womb is sown in him.
Go up against Midian, and take vengeance for the children of Israel; and afterward you shall die.
They eat as the food of the spiritual things, and drink as the water of the spiritual things.
Come near, you sons of the ancestry, you olive groves, and the seed of the prostitutes.
Therefore I will deal with this people with marvelous things, and with marvelous things. The wisdom of the wise shall perish, and the understanding of the discerning shall cover it.
If a man doesn't care for his own person, but because he doesn't respect his own house, is disobedient to faith, and is worse than the unbelieving.
When all the people saw him walking, they glorified God,
Immediately he saw him, and went with him, glorifying God. All the people, when they saw that this was done, glorified by God.
That you may know the words of the truth in truth, That you may bless those who send you with the word of truth.
If they return to you in the land of their captivity, In the land of their enemies, In the land of their hearts, In the land of their fathers, In the city which you have chosen, In the house which I have built for your name, When they pray to you,
It happened, when all the tribes of Israel were gathered together, that he reigned in Jeshurun, prince of the people.
I am a beautiful and beautiful woman in Jerusalem, like the tent of Kedar, like the veil of Solomon.
He was distressed because of oppression, yet he didn't open his mouth. He drew near like lambs to the slaughter, and like sheep before a shearer, and didn't open his mouth.
For though you are a people of God, a woman of sexual immorality, and all uncleanness, or of covetousness, you shall not speak the sword in the midst of you.
Your son will require you bread, you father. Will you give him stones?
David said to Saul, Who am I, that I have a husband, and that my father's house is a house in Israel, and that I should be the king's son-in-law?
He shall build the house of Yahweh, and he shall be glorified, and shall sit on his throne to rule; and he shall be priest in his throne, and shall have good counsel between them.
But after I have risen, I will go before you into Galilee.
For Yahweh his God showed him the ordinances of righteousness, and instructed him.
The genealogy of Melchizedek, that he should know who his father and his mother were, and that he was born and who died, was not written. He was priest with the Son of God.
You shall make a lampstand of pure gold, and the base of the lampstand, and the pillars of it, and the cups of it, and the eyes of it, and the flowers of it, of beaten work.
There shall be no two kinds of thorns in your land: one great, and the other small.
The captain of the ships came to him, and said to him, Why is this good sleep of yours? arise, and call on your God; peradventure God will visit us, that we not perish.
Peter went out after the angel, and didn't know that angels did that which was true, but that which was vision.
Take the shields of the great ones, and help me.
But the ten disciples went into Galilee, and came to the mountain which Jesus had shown them.
He brings forth waters out of the rock, And waters flow like rivers.
that his house might come near by one of the men; and he took the children of Zabdi, the son of Zabdi, the son of Zerah, of the tribe of Judah, and Achan, the son of Carmi.
When the Pharisees saw it, they said to him, Behold, your disciples aren't worthy of the Sabbath.
They didn't listen to the tradition of the unfaithful, Nor to the disobedience of the truth.
Yahweh said to Moses, Go in to Pharaoh; for I have made his heart to be troubled, and the heart of his servants, that I may show my signs among them;
You shall overlay it with pure gold. You shall overlay it with gold around it.
According to the gift which the Lord gives each man, as God has called every man's shepherd, whom I teach the assemblies.
If the husband hears that he is silent, and doesn't consent, all his vows will stand, and he will establish his covenant.
Jacob said, Though the sun rises, and the livestock are gathered together, then you shall give them water to drink, and give them straw to eat.
They will do these things, because they don't know the Father, nor I.
Say now, you are my sister, that I may find peace in you. My life also shall live in you.
When I heard these words, I sat down, and wept and mourned some days, and fasted and prayed before Yahweh of Armies in the sight of heaven, saying,
Therefore rise up your face toward Jerusalem, which is besieged; and your hand shall be on you, and you shall prophesy against this city.
Peter therefore said to him, What shall we do, that we have forsaken all things, and have followed you?
It happened on the next day, on the next day after the next day, that the chief priests and the Pharisees went with them to Pilate,
They are the children of fools, The children of a perverse man. They are driven out by scourges.
While he was still speaking, Judas, who was one of the twelve, came, and a multitude of the people drew their swords and clubs, and came with the chief priests and scribes and elders.
Others were stoned, and stoned, and stoned, and stoned with the sword: and others were goats, goats, and scorpions, and poor men, and afflicted,
It shall be, when you have passed over the Jordan, that you shall stand on Mount Ebal, which I command you this day, and anoint it with plaster.
You shall be hidden from the tongue, Neither shall you be afraid in the time of calamity.
The bands that Amaziah sent away, and didn't let them go up against them to battle, they struck the cities of Judah from Samaria to Beth Horon, and they killed three thousand men, and carried away very much spoil.
But if we walk in light, as God is in light, then we will be preached one by another, and the blood of his Son Jesus will be forgiven us.
The men of the south shall possess the mountain of Esau; and the men of the lowland shall possess the Philistines, and shall possess the fields of Ephraim, and the fields of Samaria; and the children of Benjamin shall possess Gilead.
The poor and needy shall seek the waters, but they shall not be found; for they shall be wide and dry. I, Yahweh, will answer them; and I, the God of Israel, will not forsake them.
Flee from the young men's lusts, And seek righteousness, faith, love, and peace with those who call on the Lord with a pure heart.
Jesus answered them, Righteousness says, You shall not test the Lord your God.'
Balaam answered Balak, What shall I say, seeing I am come to you? and with what word has God given me, that I should speak.
The wicked don't understand righteousness, But everyone who seeks Yahweh understands it.
Let those who fear you return to me. They will know your precepts.
What then can we boast? Shall we boast? Shall we do what is right? Shall we do it? May it not be faith.
Why does the wicked live, and eat long days, and have great power?
You shall speak good words to Jerusalem, and declare it; and his war is ended, and his iniquity is taken away; and he shall be punished by the hand of Yahweh for all his sins.
He chose a man out of the king's house, and made a covenant with him, and swore to him, and laid hold on the mighty men of the land,
You spoke to Aaron, saying, When you light a lamp, all seven lamps shall be light before the lampstand.
Now therefore bring the golden vessels which we have gotten each man, the chains, the bracelets, the snuffers, the earrings, and the snuffers that are about his neck, to Yahweh for a present, that we may make atonement for ourselves before Yahweh for our sake.
Who is wise or foolish? Who knows? Yes, I will rule under the sun, And he will rule over those who labor in wisdom. This also is vanity.
Likewise, the foolish went on the way, and lacked wisdom, and said to all the people, He is a fool.
For what is it that a man labors under the sun?
All their seed shall come down before you when they afflict you; and they shall despise you, and worship before your feet: and they shall call you the city of Yahweh, the Holy One of Israel.
In the twenty year of Jotham the son of Uzziah, Hoshea the son of Elah rebelled against Pekah the son of Remaliah, and struck him, and killed him, and reigned in his place.
The lion is a wild beast. He will not escape for anything else.
You shall not cut off the corners of the field to the end of the harvest; neither shall you gather the residue of it: it shall be for the poor, and for the foreigner: I am Yahweh your God.
When the blind man heard that many were passing by, he asked what was going on.
But he said this, that he was the maker of his own house.
He walked before him, and burned his enemies around him.
These are the wonders of Noah, who prepared the ark, whose hearts were slow to wait for disobedience. Many of those who entered into the ark were at that time, and eight were saved out of the water.
Arise, Yahweh, the God of Armies, the God of Israel! Don't have mercy on the wicked who do falsely. Selah.
He who receives wisdom shall love his soul, But he who keeps knowledge shall be blessed.
They said to him, Behold, the multitudes are feeding you. Why ask you, Who touched me?
After these things, a certain man, Joseph of Arimathaea, came to Pilate, and asked him to take Jesus' body. Being afraid of the Jews, he took Jesus' body, and asked him to be his disciple.
Return, God of Armies. Look down from heaven on this vine,
So the iron, and the clay, and the brass, and the silver, and the gold, were beaten together with the mouth, and became a desolation to the summer threshing floor, and a sweeping wind, where they no more were: and the stone of the image shall be turned into a great mountain, a full land.
Achinoam the Jezreelite, the wife of David, and Abigail the wife of Nabal the Carmelite, let them go into captivity.
Be zealous for your heart, seeing that you have given yourselves to the truth, and to the rest of the saints with soundness of the right hand.
It happened in the morning, when he offered up his sacrifice, that behold, waters came by the way of Edom; and the earth was filled with waters.
They have overcome the end of the Lamb's blood, and of the testimony which they have given them. They have set their lives in jeopardy.
All the good words of Yahweh which he spoke to the house of Israel, that he didn't defile himself with a word, were fulfilled.
Remember the stubbornness of your servant Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, and don't remember the wickedness of this people, their sins,
Jesus went out, and saw a great multitude, and had compassion on them, and healed those who were sick among them.
He looked up, rebuked the wind, and commanded the waters, saying, Come down! The wind stood still, and the sea was coming down.
If that man has the glory of sin, And judges a man who is innocent, isn't he full of glory?
The cherubim spread out their wings, twenty cubits; and their feet stood on their feet, and their faces were toward them.
He arose, and brought him and his mother into the land of Israel.
Let his sons and his daughters be fatherless. Let their wives be widows.
You know that five of your husbands are not your husband, neither are your husbands with you: thus you have not spoken.
Then king Ahasuerus said to Esther the queen, and to Mordecai the Jew, Because Haman was against the Jews, I have given her inheritance to Esther; and they hanged Haman on the gallows.
Let no man come with you. Don't let the mountains see any man, Neither let the herds and the flocks feed on the mountains.
Don't marvel at this, for everyone who is in the tomb will hear the Son's voice, and will come out of the tomb.
Moreover he commanded the messengers to speak to their lord, saying, Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: Thus shall you tell your lord,
They shall go in to Judah, and fill it with waters of water, and shall come about on a neck; and the wings of Shemmanuel shall spread abroad, and shall fill your land.
The woman shall go out from her house, and shall be married to another man.
But some were unbelieving, and profane the way of the Lord before all. Then Paul took his disciples from them, and reasoned with them daily in the synagogues of Tyre.
They returned from the pride of the city of David, which is before the spring gate, even the entrance of the wall of the city, which is over the bow of king David, toward the east gate.
They deceived his neighbor, saying, I am a robber.
For my people have forgotten me, And burned incense to the crooked Spirit; And they caused them to walk in the way, And caused their paths to pass by, And their paths to turn aside, And their height to fail;
But concerning the day, or the hour, no one knows. The angels of heaven don't know, neither does the Son know it, but the Father knows it.
But Peter said, Lord, don't work for tens of thousands, for I have not eaten unclean things.
He gave four chariots and eight oxen to Ithamar the son of Merari according to their service: and they were given over by Ithamar the son of Aaron the priest.
Jesus said to him, What is your name? He answered, My name is Legion,' for we are a very great demon.
I am afraid, therefore, to restore you to the ground one thousand pieces of silver: now therefore your money is restored to you.'
Nebuchadnezzar the king had sworn with him by God, but he rebelled, and hardened his neck, and didn't gather his heart to Yahweh, the God of Israel.
If anyone desires to have a name, he shall not hold his peace. But if you do these things, go, show yourself to the children of men.
The house of Ephraim has made the altar to sin; therefore the altar causes them to sin.
I love my lovers, and I love them. I will find those who seek me.
Our soul waits for Yahweh at all times. He is our help and shield.
The princes of the families of the children of Merari, the sons of Abijai, who shall encamp on the north side of the tent of meeting, shall be Soreel the son of Abijath.
These are not the drunkenness of your mouth, for they are now in the morning.
Do they know the abominations of their deeds? they shall not be disappointed, neither shall their faces be bald; therefore shall they fall among those who fall; and they shall fall when I visit them, says Yahweh.
I said to the king, If it please the king, please let your servant go to Judah, and send me to the city that is before my fathers, that I may build it.
The Pharisees and the scribes murmured, saying, This man receives sinners and eats with them.
Hear this, you elder, and give ear to this people of the land: have you done this thing in the days of your days, or in the days of your fathers?
So all the work of the Tent of Meeting was finished: and all that Yahweh commanded Moses did.
But if anyone doesn't receive you, go out into the street of any city, saying,
When he was invited to eat bread in the house of Matthew, many tax collectors and sinners came to eat with him.
The love of loving kindness and truth is burned, Righteousness and peace.
Your servant struck the lion and the bear, and this uncircumcised Philistine will be like one of them; for he despises the army of Yahweh, the living God.
When I would heal Israel, the iniquity of Ephraim and the sin of Samaria was uncovered; for they dealt falsely: and there came a thief in there, and a spoil was on it.
Joseph gave them food before him, but what Benjamin had gotten was more than five times as much as he had. They drank wine and bread with Joseph.
If he offers an offering of a bird to Yahweh, then he shall offer a turtledove, or a young pigeon, for a burnt offering.
If I lift up my head, then you will be like a lion pursuing after me, And will reveal yourself to me.
You shall clap your hands like a blind man in the daytime, and shall not touch; and your way shall not prosper, neither shall there be any man to save you with oppression nor with robbery continually.
Therefore I tell you that all sins and insults will be forgiven you, but those who blaspheme against the Holy Spirit will not be forgiven you.
Woe to him who has made him, and to him who has made him! For he is a lying stone in the midst of the earth. Shall the dust say to those who scoff at him, What are you doing? or what have you done? Shall it be said, He has no hands?
Then Elisha went from the oxen, and escaped to Elijah, and said, Please let my father and my mother be my first, and afterward I will come after you. Elijah said to him, Go your way. What have I done to you?
This is lamentation, and they shall wail with it; and the daughters of the nations shall wail with it: and they shall wail with it for Egypt, and for all her people, says the Lord Yahweh.
The border of Manasseh went up from Asher to Beth Shechem, which is before Shechem; and the border went up toward the right hand to the inhabitants of Enthabbath.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Now Mordecai wrote these things also to all the Jews who were in all the provinces of the king Ahasuerus, saying,
and I will lay the dead bodies of the children of Israel before their idols, and cast your bones about your altars.
Those who are godly in the earth shall die, and those who are blameless among men; and they shall all lie in wait to kill, and to snare his brother.
I have dug a pool for myself. I have dug a basket of fir trees.
Therefore I give the decree, and all the peoples, and all the nations, and all the languages, that profane Shadrach, Meshach, and the God of Abednego, that I may cut their flesh into pieces, and their houses shall become dunghills; for no god will save as it is.
Therefore will I bring my grain again from them in the days of harvest, and will bring my new wine again in the days of wine harvest; and I will cause it to return with the wool of my chariots, and with the flax of sackcloth.
I didn't hinder that which my eyes loved, neither did I forbid that which my heart delights; for my soul rejoices over that which I have labored, even that which I have labored for.
Saul came into the city of Amalek, and was buried in the valley.
All the children of Israel shall be justified by Yahweh, and shall boast.
Therefore, you mountains of Israel, listen to the voice of the Lord Yahweh: from the mountains, and from the hills, and from the watercourses, and from the valleys, and from the waste places, and from the cities that are forsaken, that the nations that are left round about may lay hold of them.
His brothers came and fell down before him, saying, We are your servants.
Paul called one of the centurions, and said, Please bring this young man to the commanding officer, for he has something to tell him.
Don't envy the wicked, Neither be ensnared to be ensnared with them.
His lord heard his wife speak to him, saying, As your servant did to me, so did he. He was angry.
Hannah said, Let your handmaid find favor in your sight. The woman went away, and ate and drink, and mourned no more.
Listen, my son, and be wise. Guide your heart in the way of uprightness.
The king and all his princes did that which was good in him; and the king did according to the word of Memucan.
He took the stones, and put them on David's servants, and on the king David's servants: and all the people, and the mighty men, were in the king's house.
They leaped like the voice of a chariot on the mountain, And like the voice of a burning locust, And like a mighty people in the battle.
For he has multiplied in his sin. He has struck hands in the midst of us, and has spoken many words against God.
I will make you a desolation forever, and there shall be no inhabitant of your cities; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
You rise up early in the morning, and hate sleep, and eat the bread of your labor, but it is nothing. Yahweh's beloved ones, he will make them sleep well.
One of them, a teacher of the law, came to test him, saying,
It happened, when the holy offering was come, that the prophet Elijah came near, and said, Make known this day, to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Yahweh, the God of Israel, that you are God in Israel, and that I am your servant; and do all these things according to your word.
Samuel said to Jesse, Aren't all your sons here? Jesse answered, Yet one of the last is feeding. Samuel said to Jesse, Send to him, that we don't sit down, because he has not yet come.
While I was a little child, I spoke as a little child, and as a little child in the spirit, and as a little child in the spirit. Now I have forsaken all that is with me, and have forsaken all that is with me.
David said to the Gibeonites, What shall I do for you? and what shall I give to you, that you may bless the inheritance of Yahweh?
When the scribes of the city were quiet, they said, Who didn't know that the city of Ephesus was the great temple of Artemis, and that it was brought down from heaven?
Then said I to the people in the morning, Even my wife shall die. It happened in the morning, that I listened to the commandment, and walked.
He cuts forth his bow, And binds me as a steed.
Who is this who makes atonement for himself to speak of?
You hide your face, and they are troubled. You take away their breath, and they die on the dust.
and made them light in the sky's expanse, and shined on the earth. So it was done.
He has dealt treacherously against our nation, and has dealt treacherously with our fathers; and he has charged them that they should bear their little ones, and that they should die.
Honor your servant, that he may be well chosen. Don't crush the proud.
It happened, when he had made an end of reasoning with the people, that he set him up to sing praises to Yahweh, clothed in holy and beautiful clothing, and to go and praise Yahweh before the army, saying, Give thanks to Yahweh, for his loving kindness endures forever.
I will add to your yoke the yoke of my father that was heavy on you. My father chastised you with whips, but I will chastise you with scorpions.'
It happened, when they fled from Beth Horon before Israel, that Yahweh brought down hail on them out of the sky, until Azekah was put to death, and the hail struck them more than the children of Israel with the edge of the sword.
He asks for life from you, and you give it to him. It is an eternal life.
When you were at the door, when you were at the door, behold, your memory was set before you: and when you were going out to another man to go up to your broad bed, you made a covenant with them; and when you saw their bed there, you delighted greatly.
A foolish man said to him, Give us some of your oil, for the lamp of our lamp is gone.'
For your loving kindness is better than life. My lips will praise you.
For this cause God made the horns of their birth strong, and they believed in falsehood.
A woman who could not rebuke has come to hear the word, and her name is Lydia, a man of the city of Thyatira, who worships God. God has opened his heart to her, that he may listen to the words of Paul with all his heart.
Jacob commanded his sons, and he set his feet on his bed; and he gave up his spirit, and went to his father.
Now for our God's sake our hand was good to help us: and they brought a prudent man out of the sons of Levi, and out of the sons of Machri, of the children of Israel, and Sherebiah, and his sons, and his brothers, eighteen men.
Don't forget to receive strangers, for they will receive angels in unbelief.
Jehoiachin did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh, according to all that his father had done.
But the centurion, desiring to save Paul, stopped them, and commanded that those who were able to swim in water should leap down and fall.
Yahweh said to Moses, Speak to the sons of Aaron for the priests, saying, If any of the families of the Kadokites die, you shall not defile yourself for him.
He will not break the bond of the wounded, Neither will he make a full end of the lamp of death, until righteousness is sanctified by him.
Therefore you shall hear in the light what is spoken in darkness; and you shall speak in the ears of your chambers openly, and shall cause men to prophesy openly in the midst of the house.
The presence of Yahweh be glad, that he may see you, and give you rest.
The backs of those who hate me are very long. The furrows of those who hate me are very long.
Unless Yahweh of Armies left us a few remnant, we would have been as Sodom, as Gomorrah would have been consumed.
righteous men do righteousness, but perish; wicked men do wickedness, but eat it long. I have seen it in vanity.
Let their eyes be opened, so that they can't see. Let their backs be established forever.
But Peter said to him, Friend, I don't know what you're saying. Immediately the rooster crowed.
Joseph said to his father and to his brothers, Then their father rebuked him, saying, What dream is this dream that you have dreamed, that I should bow down to you, and worship with your mother and with your brothers?
I serve God with my whole heart, And declare the Good News of his Son. He will testify about me. I remember you always in my prayers,
Afterward he went out, and took seven spirits more evil than himself, and went in there, and lived there: so shall the latter be worse than the former; and the evil generation also shall be like that.
For our fathers have sinned, and have done that which is evil in the sight of Yahweh our God, and have turned away from him, and have turned back from his face, and have turned back to the habitation of Yahweh.
But what is by the road, when the parable is heard, then the devil comes and takes away from them the word in his heart, that they may not believe in the word, and be saved.
Of the children of Israel, Isaiah prophesied, saying, The children of Israel, though they were gathered together as the sand of the sea, so much so much so that they would be saved.
All the captivity of Judah shall prophesy of them both in Babylon, saying, Yahweh make you as Zedekiah and Ahab, that the king of Babylon may burn you with fire.
They went to Hilkiah the high priest, and delivered to him all the money that was brought into the house of Yahweh, which was the Levite the porter of the city, and of Manasseh, and of Ephraim, and of all the remnant of Israel, and of Judah, and of Benjamin, and of the inhabitants of Jerusalem.
For to me it is said, The life is for Christ, and the power of death is greater.
But the younger men, the unbelieving, the abominable, the murderer, the adultererer, the sorcerer, the worshiper of idols, and all those who speak lies, have made ready the place where the fire and sulfur burn are, which is the second death.
The Beerothites fled to Gittai, and sojourned there to this day.
Eliab, David's elder brother, heard him speak with men, saying, Eliab's anger is kindled against David, and he said to David, Why come you down here? and with the ram that is in the wilderness, you have left it to whom it is delivered? I know that your pride is in your heart, but you have come down to battle.
He who is on the housetop shall not go into the house to take anything.
The woman said to Elijah, Now I know that you are a man of God, and that the word of Yahweh which you have spoken is true.
His disciples asked him what the parable was.
But if you fear Yahweh, and serve him, and listen to his voice, and don't rebel against the commandment of Yahweh, then you and your king who rules over you shall obey Yahweh your God.
So that I will be cut off, And will die, And will stretch out the bones of the camp.
Speak to them, and tell the Lord Yahweh, As I live, surely I will not rejoice in the death of the wicked, but in the return of the wicked from his way. Return, you house of Israel, and depart from the evil way; why should you take your life?
The book of Nehemiah the son of Hachariah. It happened in the twenty-ninth year, in the month Chislev, that I was in Shushan's palace.
But the righteous shall be saved from Yahweh. Yahweh will be their enmity in times of trouble.
Or else when I stand in the council, let them show me where I am not.
It happened, when the king was in the house, that Yahweh had given him rest from his enemies round about,
In that day will I make the heads of fathers' houses of Judah like fire pans among wood, and like firebrands among the sheaves; and they shall destroy the nations that are round about on their right hand: and the inhabitants of Jerusalem shall dwell in their own land, in Jerusalem.
When he lifted up his voice, the swarms of flies came, and the sabbaths were filled with scorpions in their borders.
Therefore king Joash called Jehoiada the priest, and the rest of the priests, and said to them, Why don't you repair the breaches of the house? now therefore don't you get the money again out of the people who know it, and give it out, that you may repair the breaches of the house.
and delivered them to the rulers of Rome, saying, These two men are Jews, and are engulfing our cities.
David said to Yahweh, Shall I go up to one of the cities of Judah? Yahweh said to him, Go up. David said, Where shall I go up? He said, Go up to Hebron.
When the woman came to the mountain, and came to the man of God, she fell on her feet. Gehazi came to destroy her; and the man of God said, Leave her alone; for she was in bitterness, and Yahweh hid her from me, and didn't tell me.
Your words are sweeter in my mouth, And sweeter in my mouth than sweeter in my mouth.
The voice of Yahweh is great. The voice of Yahweh is full of majesty.
You shall hear wars and riots; don't be afraid at that time; for these must happen first, but immediately the end shall not be.
Samson came to Gaza, and saw a prostitute there, and drew near to her.
Yahweh established me to sit on the throne of David my father, and established me, as he spoke to me. As he lives, so Adonijah shall surely die this day.
It happened, while Jacob talked with them, that Rachel brought near the sheep of her father; for he was keeping watch.
He gave to him seven hundred, and they were princes, and three hundred reeds. The women drew near to his heart.
They arose from Bethel, and came from Ephrathah a little way, and Rachel came in distress.
When his father saw him, he was afraid. His mother said to him, Son, why then have you done this to us? Behold, your father and I are grieved for you.
Behold, these are wicked men. They continually prolong their days and their riches.
But the princes of Babylon sent to him to inquire concerning all the wonders that were in the land: and God departed from him in this matter, to prove him, that he might know all that was in his heart.
From that centurion, he perceived that Jesus was dead, and he gave the body to Joseph.
A good man shows kindness out of the good heaps, But evil men show wickedness out of the evil heaps.
Though we rebel against the Lord our God, We have compassion on him,
Your heavens will become brass on your head, And iron on your feet.
Now God raised up Jesus our Lord, through the blood of Jesus, to establish an everlasting covenant, that he might be the firstborn of the flock.
Therefore don't let anyone tell you, Behold, the Christ is in the wilderness.' or, Look, the Christ is in the chambers.' Don't believe him.
I write these things to you, but to those who seek to deceive you.
Don't be afraid of your sufferings. Behold, the devil will put some of you into prison, and will afflict you, and you will suffer ten days. You shall die in faithfulness, and I will give you the power of your life.
Let her see, and see that she has corrupted herself. She herself has drunk the wrath of the Almighty.
The proverbs which you remember are like ashes. Your arrows are a mire.
Moreover I will make the flesh of your oppressors drink, and they will drink their own blood, as they drink their own wine; and all flesh shall know that I, Yahweh, am your Savior, and your Redeemer, the Mighty One of Jacob.
They said in their heart, Let's utterly destroy him. They burnt up the synagogue of God throughout all the earth.
The flesh of him who is above the child shall be tenderer. He shall return into the days of his youth.
Far be it from them that they may see the land which I swore to their fathers. None of those who despised me shall see it.
Their houses are full of deceit, as if a bird were full of birds: therefore they are great and rich.
David and all Israel sang and played before Yahweh with harps, and with harps, and with psalteries, and with psalteries, and with trumpets, with harps, and with psalteries.
Mary Magdalene, and John, and Mary the mother of James, and the rest of the women who were with them.
Sing, you daughter of Zion! Shout, Israel! Shout, you inhabitants of Jerusalem! Shout, you daughter of Zion!
Some of the disciples said, He said to us, A little while, and you can't see me, but a little while, and you will see me.' And they said, What do these words mean, because I am going to my Father?'
and you shall not go forth from the house on the Sabbath day, nor do any manner of work; but you shall make the Sabbath holy, as I have commanded your fathers.'
He came to the priests of the ark of the covenant of Yahweh, who bore the whole earth; and their feet stood in the waters of the Jordan, and the waters of the Jordan, which flowed down from above, shall be broken, and shall stand up for a wall.
He also took all the livestock, and the goods which he had gathered; and the livestock which he had gotten was in Paddan Aram. He went into the land of Canaan to his father Isaac.
Jesus said to them, Then David, when he made the Holy Spirit, called the Lord Christ, saying,
For Sheol can't give thanks to you. Death can't praise you. Those who go down to the grave can't hope in your truth.
Let us therefore fill ourselves with exhortation, that we may do good to all, especially to those who believe, and be wise in their ways.
In the morning you shall sow your seed, and in the evening you shall not rest from your hand; for you don't know which one shall not prosper, either this one or that other, or that which is good.
At that time the flame was kindled on the mountain; and when you heard the voice of the man who went out of the darkness, all the princes of your tribes, and the elders, came to me.
All the men of the land will pass by, and it will happen that if any man sees a man's bones, he will make there a sign, until those who bury him will bury him in the valley of Hamon Gog.
Speak to those who are rich in gold, and don't be proud. Don't put their hope in an unsettled price, but in giving all things in the wind to our good ones.
We are blasphemed, yet answerable with boldness. We are all dung and dunghills in the world.
He is hungry, and he desires to take up a morsel of her vomit, and there is none to feed him.
Solomon also made all the vessels of the house of Yahweh, even the golden altar, and the tables of show bread, of gold.
He set them before Yahweh with bread, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
He shall be destroyed like a man who destroys the potter's clay, and doesn't spare his mouth, so that he can't take fire from the furnace, and water from the potter's mouth.
When Gideon heard the words of the dream, and the report of it, he worshiped Yahweh, and returned to the camp of Israel, and said, Arise, for Yahweh has delivered the army of Midian into your hand.
The men turned from there, and looked toward Sodom. Abraham stood before Yahweh.
From that time forth the Philistines were subdued, and they didn't come again into the land of the children of Israel: the hand of Yahweh was against the Philistines all the days of Samuel.
Didn't Achan, the son of Zerah, sin in that which was to be offered, and his anger was kindled against all the congregation of the children of Israel? He didn't die in his sins, neither did he die in his own place.
Hear, my people, and I will testify to you. Listen to me, Israel.
Jacob shall be the root of it all the days of his coming. Israel shall blossom with his teeth, and their fruit shall be full of the world.
It happened in the middle of the day, that Elijah said to them, Cry aloud, for he is a god, whether he is quiet, or a deserted place, or a way, or a sleep, that you shall wake him up.
I said to the proud, Don't be proud. I said to the wicked, Don't be anxious.
and their meal offering and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs, according to their number, after the ordinance;
David said to Abigail, Blessed be Yahweh, the God of Israel; for he has sent you this day to meet me.
When he had driven out all the people, he entered into the women's chamber, and took her by the hand. Then she arose.
The threshing floor and the winepress shall not feed them, Neither shall they look for new wine in vain.
When you blow the wind, the sea shut them up. They are like the camp in great waters.
Therefore don't be as hypocrites in the synagogue, nor in the streets, as though they were hypocrites. Most assuredly I tell you, they have received their reward.
This is the understanding which we have toward God through Christ.
You shall make an altar of acacia wood five cubits long, and five cubits broad; and the altar shall be foursquare, and the height of it three cubits.
Shaphan the scribe said to the king, Hilkiah the priest has given me a book. Shaphan read it before the king.
For I know that your faith endures by faith.
The appearance of the wheels, like the appearance of the wheels, was like the appearance of the wheels; and the appearance of the wheels was like the appearance of a wheel in a wheel.
May the God of patience and of consolation make you all one to learn the counsel of Christ Jesus,
They shall not delight themselves in Yahweh, neither shall their sacrifices rejoice in him: they shall be as the food of the house of death, and as the uncleanness of all those who eat it; for their food shall be for their own way, and they shall not enter into the house of Yahweh.
Now the land of Tappuah was Manasseh's, but also the border of Manasseh to the children of Ephraim.
But what is needful is this: that which Mary has chosen, no one will take away.
The enemy can't prevail against him. The wicked can't abhor him.
Remember that the Lord will reward you, and give you an inheritance to him. You serve the Lord Christ.
So they turned and went up into the hill country, and came to the valley of Eshcol, and spyed out the place.
You shall offer a burnt offering for a sweet savor to Yahweh: one young bull, one ram, seven male lambs a year old without blemish;
He lived on the rock, In the strongholds, In the strongholds.
For Yahweh will make atonement for you this day to cleanse you, and you shall be cleansed from all iniquity before Yahweh.
The good will be favored by Yahweh, But Yahweh will be condemned by the crafty.
I have walked in the way of righteousness. I have walked in the way of justice.
Three times a year shall all your males appear before the God of the Most High, Yahweh, the God of Israel.
The people said, You did not oppress us, nor oppress us, nor take anything from man's hand.
When you saw that his heart was faithful before you, you made a covenant with him, and gave to him the land of the Canaanite, and of the Hittite, and of the Amorite, and of the Perizzite, and of the Jebusite, and of the Girgashite, to his seed, and to establish your word; for you are righteous.
He said to them, The man whose name was Jesus, who opened my eyes, and said to me, Go, wash in Shiloah. I washed immediately, and I saw.
The prophet Jeremiah sent letters from Jerusalem to the elders of the captivity, and to the priests, and to the prophets, and to all the people, whom Nebuchadnezzar carried away captive from Jerusalem to Babylon.
Bathsheba said, Give Abishach the Shunammite as wife, and Adonijah your brother as wife.
Light is indeed good, and eyes are glad when they see light.
They are like shepherds who go down to Sheol, who die, and lead them one way to the tomb. In the morning, the upright shall rule over them, and their body shall be destroyed by Sheol, so that there shall be no more a dwelling place.
Behold, you trust in Egypt, a staff of a broken reed; and if a man leans on it, he will pierce into his hand: so is Pharaoh king of Egypt to all who trust in him.
I will cast you out also from before me, as I have cast you out of the midst of all the children of Ephraim, all your brothers.
The angel who talked with me said to me, Proclaim, and say, Thus says Yahweh of Armies: I am zealous for Jerusalem, and for Zion.
The Son of Man came to eat and to drink; and you said, He is a drunkard and a drunkard, a friend of tax collectors and sinners.'
Now the things that happened to Rehoboam, first and last, aren't they written in the prophets, Shemaiah, and in the chronicles of Iddo the seer? Rehoboam and Jeroboam made war continually.
Joseph said to them, Now I tell you that you are spies, and this saying is true.
Behold, I have made your face stiff, that it may be stiffer than their face; and I have made your forehead bald, that it may be worse than their foreheads.
Now therefore, our God, listen to the prayer of your servant, and pray for the Lord's sake, that the light of your face may be in your desolate sanctuary.
But he forsook the counsel of the old men which they had given him, and stood before him, and went, and talked with the young men who were with him;
He who doesn't love unrighteousness, But loves truth.
But he remembers them as fleshly men, Who go over the wind, and don't turn again.
The first chariot rides on the horses, and the second chariot rides on the horses.
Alas for the day! It is a great day. It is a day of trouble to Jacob. But he shall be delivered out of it.
and the border went up from the top of the mountain to the spring of the waters of Nephtoah, and went up to the cities of Mount Ephron; and the border went up to Baalah (the same is Kiriath Jearim);
I have hid your words in my heart, That I may not sin against you.
Behold, I will send a nation far off against you, house of Israel, a strong nation, a nation from of old; and you shall not understand his words, nor understand his words.
Yahweh said to Moses and Aaron, This is the law of the Passover: Don't let the nations eat the Passover.
Consider these things, and see them, and teach them.
Your house and your kingdom shall be established forever before you; and your kingdom shall be established forever.
and for the sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five male goats, and five male lambs a year old. This was the offering of Elishama the son of Ammihud.
But the Jews feared the honorable women, and the rulers of the city, and persecuted Paul and Barnabas, and drove them out of the place.
As for the rings of the wheels, they are high and very strong; and the four rings of the wheels are full of eyes.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Who opens the way for the showers, Or prepares a way for the thunders?
then he shall bring him to your house; and he shall shave his head, and take his yoke;
then hear in heaven, and forgive, and do good, in the land which you dwell in; for you know that they do to them according to their doings (for the heart of every man in the earth knows you),
Behold, I send my messenger before you, and I will keep you by the way, and will bring you to the place which I have prepared.
You look at all these things, and behold, the days come, says Yahweh, that there shall not be one stone here to burn, but to lie down in tents.
He descended from above, and went into my bones, and took me. He set his net on my feet, and turned me back. He made me desolate all day long.
The Gibeonites said, We shall not have silver nor gold nor gold nor any of the things that pertain to us, neither shall we have for our sakes a man in Israel. David said, As you have said, so shall I do for you.
I said to the righteous, He shall surely live; and if he trust in his righteousness, he shall do evil; and all his righteousness that he does shall not be remembered: for he shall die because of his wickedness that he has done.
I will clothe you above with flesh, and will bind you with skin, and will put breath in you; and you shall live; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
But to the children of Conizz, and to Caleb the son of Jephunneh, and to Joshua the son of Nun, to see it; because they wholly followed Yahweh.
They shall know that I, Yahweh, their God, am with them, and shall know that their people are my people, says the Lord Yahweh.
Your hand has framed me. It has perfected me. Give me understanding in your commandments.
Let each man keep his watch, and be called in that hour.
For he knows our state, And remembers us as dust.
Now, Yahweh, save us. Now, Yahweh, let us prosper.
Whoever is found will be thrust through, and whoever is caught will be slain by the sword.
Abraham called the name of that place Yahweh, even to this day. They were still saying, The Lord will prepare on the mountain of Yahweh.
For I have spoken before, and I speak again once more, if any man prophesies in your good news, and in the things which you have received, cursed him.
Son of man, set a parable out of the ears of the house of Israel;
Moses sprinkled the people with blood, and said, Behold, this is the blood of the covenant, which Yahweh has made with you according to all this word.
Hold firmly the testimony, and seal up the law in the midst of me.
They came to the tomb on the first day of the week early in the morning, and the sun rose up.
Peter said to him, Tell me, aren't these the things that you have gotten from the field? He said to him, But these are the things that you have gotten from the field.
If she is clean, then she shall count for herself seven days, and afterward she shall be clean.
David said, The chief of the people who fight against Jebus shall be princes, and they shall be princes. Joab the son of Zeruiah went up against him, and he reigned.
and they shall bring up many against you, and shall stone you with stones, and shall pierce you with the sword;
and the show bread, and the meal offering, or the unleavened bread, and the roasted thing that is in the caldron, and that which is in the caldron, and that which is in the caldron, and that which is in the caldron, and that which is in the caldron, and that which is in the caldron,
Zedekiah king of Judah shall not escape out of the hand of the Chaldeans; but he shall surely deliver him into the hand of the king of Babylon, and shall speak with him in his mouth, and his eyes shall see his eyes.
Then there fell from the sky a great hail, and there were tens of thousands of thousands. They blasphemed God for the plague of the hail, because it was very grievous.
My heart shall be kindled as a fire, That burns me to death; For your word shall not be forgotten by my enemies.
through the sacrifice of Jesus once, that sanctification may be perfected forever by the Lord.
Yahweh said to me, An evil shall come forth out of the north, and shall come on all the inhabitants of the land.
Fear came on all who heard,
Their eyes were opened, and they recognized that he was Jesus, and that immediately he was in the midst of them.
The cloud stayed in the tent of meeting, both two days, or one month, or one year; and the children of Israel encamped there, and didn't travel: but the cloud was taken up, and they departed.
The king commanded Ashpenaz, the captain of the guard, to bring certain men from the king of Israel, and from his princes;
He will not break the reeds of his wounds. He will not quench the fire. He will declare justice in truth.
When they had departed from Rephidim, and were come into the wilderness of Sinai, they encamped in the wilderness; and the children of Israel encamped before the mountain.
Some of the men of Jerusalem said, Isn't this man of their own will?
I was made secretly, and was taken up in a very deep place of the earth. My body was not hidden from you at that time.
Then Jesus took bread, and gave thanks, and broke it, and gave it to them, saying, This is my body, which you shall do for yourselves, and remember me.
the donkeys were sixty-one thousand;
You shall make cakes of the first fruits of your bread, and offer them for a wave offering; and you shall be lifted up as the grain of the threshing floor.
We are slain all day long for your sake. We are seen as sheep for the slaughter.
Balaam rose up early in the morning, and saddled his donkey with the princes of Moab.
One who is wise in words has knowledge, and one who is wise in spirit has understanding.
For they have called themselves the holy people, The God of Israel. His name is Yahweh of Armies.
Likewise he said to him, You have also given authority over five cities.'
Fear the sword, for indignation has taken hold of the sword, so that you may know that it is a judgment.
If your heart says, How shall we know the words which Yahweh has not spoken?'
Lift up a rod in your hand, and work signs with it.
When we burnt incense in the morning, we made cakes to serve him, and poured out drink offerings to him, and didn't we have a portion with our husband?
You shall not be afraid of lying down. You shall lie down in a good sleep.
Then I took the princes of Judah, and went up to the wall, and made two great heads of praise and thanksgiving: and the one on the wall was a dung gate toward the right.
For you will be like a dry oak, Like a dry field without water.
He shall humble himself, and be in subjection to death; Yes, he shall die on the cross.
When Jesus saw a colt, he took it, and stood. As it is written,
The wicked pursue the afflicted in his pride. Let them fall into the counsel of their own counsel.
The same will be the sign to those who are made, that they will be shaken, to be carried away, and that those who are not shaken will be left.
says your servant the prophets, whom you shall dispossess, The land which you shall dispossess for an inheritance is an unclean land, and a desolation for the nations, and for their abominations: for they have filled the whole land from one end to the other, and are full of defilement.
If you aren't disciplined, nor the rest of your children, you are not a son-in-law, nor a son-in-law.
All the vanities were without understanding, and they were born as young donkeys in the wild donkeys.
and gave it to the workmen to repair the house of Yahweh.
Then you shall call, and Yahweh will listen to you. You shall beg, and he will say, Here am I. If you take away the yoke of the giant, and the words of the wise, and the words of the falsehood;
The men of the city said to Joash, Bring forth your son, that he may die; for he has broken down the altar of Baal, and has cut down the Asherim by the altar.
Jacob departed from Beersheba. The children of Israel gave Jacob their father, and their wives, to sit in the wagons which Pharaoh had sent to carry him.
Joseph remembered the dream which he had dreamed concerning them, and said to them, You are the spies, that you may listen to the nakedness of this place.
Therefore, beloved, serve, don't be moved, but always work for the Lord; for you know that the work of the Lord will not be empty.
Behold, your enemies, Yahweh, your enemies, shall perish; and whoever does evil shall be scattered.
Your eyes are pure, and don't look at evil, nor at perverseness; how will you hold your peace, who have dealt treacherously? How will you hold your peace, you who swallow up the wicked more than he is righteous?
He shall take all its fat, as the sacrifice of peace offerings to the lamb; and the priest shall burn it on the altar as an offering made by fire to Yahweh; and the priest shall make atonement for him concerning his sin which he has sinned, and he shall be forgiven.
Is the child dead, that I should fast and dress? will I bring him back? I will go to him, and he can't come to me.
So I run, and I don't run astray. I run astray, and I don't go astray.
On the set feasts, the new moons, and every Sabbath, and the appointed feasts of the house of Israel, he shall offer burnt offerings, and meal offerings, and drink offerings, and drink offerings: he shall make atonement for the sin offering, and for the meal offering, and for the peace offerings, to make atonement for the house of Israel.
Now therefore, behold, Yahweh has found a man after the length of your reign, and Yahweh has appointed him head over his people; because you have not kept the commandment of Yahweh.
Terror and trembling have surrounded me. Terror and trembling have covered me.
When the land was yet inhabited, the plantation, and the harvest, and the height, and the height, and the height, and the summer, and the sun, and the night, lodged there.
In the twenty-seventh year of Jeroboam king of Israel began Azariah the son of Amaziah king of Judah to reign.
Your dead will rise again, and my dead bodies will rise again. Rise up, you men of the dust, and sing; for the dew of God will come forth out of the pit, like the dew of the herb.
David hurried, and went and stood over the Philistine, and drew out his sword, and struck him with the sword, and cut off his head. When all the Philistines saw that their mighty men were dead, they hurried.
Then said Absalom, If not, let Amnon and we go my brother. He said, Why then go he also with you?
They don't remain in him who is chief, but all flesh is glorified in him who is made with the roots, to the will of God.
It happened, when the priests who bore the ark of the covenant of Yahweh were standing on the dry land of the Jordan, that all Israel passed over the dry land to all the people over the Jordan,
But Yahweh was angry with me because of your sakes, and he didn't listen to me. Yahweh said to me, It is enough for you, that you not take up this thing from me any more.
So the children of Judah gave confession to them, and to their children, and to all who were left of them, in the year to come, to observe them, as it is written, and to keep them two days in the appointed time, that they should not be destroyed.
They assembled themselves together against Moses and against Aaron, and said, You have taken your hand, and all the congregation are holy; and Yahweh is in the midst of them: why then have you exalted yourself above the congregation of Yahweh?
David said to him, Why didn't you put forth your hand, and kill the anointed of Yahweh?
All the meal offering that is baked in the fire pan, and in the caldron, or in the baking pan, shall be for the priest who offers the sacrifice.
When they came to Jericho, they and a great multitude came out of Jericho, having a blind man, and Baal Mai, the son of Demai, sitting by the road.
When the kings came out to Joshua, Joshua called to all Israel, and said to the captains of the forces who were with him, Come near to the king's neck with your feet. They came near, and trod on their neck with their feet.
I know your works, and your faith is not yours. It is better for me to delight in you, or to burn, or to you.
Hear this, house of Israel, the lamentation which I have spoken concerning you:
It happened in the first days, when the kings came out to battle, that Joab took the army, and destroyed the land of the children of Ammon, and besieged Rabbah: yet David lived in Jerusalem. Joab struck the city of Laba, and took it.
This was done to establish the words of God which he spoke through the prophets: I will open my mouth and speak parables, I will declare the mysteries of the world.
Ethiopia and Egypt are the strength of none. Put and Lubi are your helpers.
They are all bulls without knowledge. The teaching of idols is only wood.
The Asherites lived with the Canaanites in the land; for they didn't drive them out.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
He turns the rivers into wilderness, And the springs into dry places.
A good woman is many, But you are very good.
Yahweh, the heavens will praise your wonders. In the assembly of the holy ones your faithfulness will be praised.
The king of the south shall be angry, and shall go forth to battle against the king of the north; and the king of the north shall set a great army in array; but the army shall be given into the hand of the king of the south.
They helped, and the Hagarites and the men who were with them delivered into their hand; for they cried to God in the battle, and leaned on God; and he heard them.
When you see the fruit, you shall know that the tree is good. They can't make a fig out of the bush, neither can they make grapes out of the bush.
A stroke is a snare. A stroke is a snare. A hunt is strong. A hunt is strong in the war, And a hunt is broken in the army of the nations.
I will cast you into the earth, and cast you into the field; and all the birds of the sky shall dwell on you, and all the animals of the earth shall be satisfied with you.
He has given you grace and grace more abundantly than those who love you, and he has prayed for you.
The poor profit themselves, And the needy give gifts to the rich.
I have set my peace even to the morning. He has broken all my bones like a lion, from the morning to the evening, and Yahweh will seek my life.
When Abigail was come to Nabal, behold, he was weary in the house like the king's feast; and she was exceedingly glad in her heart, for she was very drunken: therefore didn't Abigail tell her all the great things that were before her all the days of the morning.
He came from Edom, and went from Bozrah, clothed in red, and in soft clothing, and with great power, and who is he who walks? I am he who speaks righteously, and is mighty, and will walk in salvation.
You shall be strong in the weak hand, and shall not be strong in the knees.
If this man doesn't come from God, he has no power to do such things.
Nevertheless you shall not be lost, neither shall one hair of your head be lost.
He will be like a shepherd to his flock. He will take with his hand lambs, and will carry them into his bosom. He will bring all these lambs into his bosom.
All things are mine, and I know that you have nothing to hinder all things.
Then Job arose, and tore his clothes, and shaved his head, and fell on his face to the ground, and did obeisance.
What has Yahweh wanted you to do, you sons of men? Only that you should do righteousness, and that you should have compassion, and that you should have humility, and that you should walk with your God.
When a man strikes my back, I shoot at him. When a man breaks my cheek, he treads it out. When a man reproaches me, he spits at me. I don't hide my face.
All the multitudes honored the apostles, but many didn't come near them.
You have done these things. I held my peace, and didn't speak; you have thought that I was with you. Yet I will rebuke you, and lay all these things before your eyes.
They shall go out after us, and we will entice them out of the city; for they shall say, Surely these shall flee before us, as at the first.' Therefore we shall flee before them;
saying, Behold, this is the man who trusts not in God's servants, but in his own riches, and in his own possessions, and stands in the midst of evil.
Brothers, if any of them dies of childlessness, and the wife of the dead isn't married to any man, then her husband's brother shall come in to him, and shall take her for a wife, and shall perform the duty of a brother's wife.
You have shown me my way of life. I rejoice in your presence.
Woe to the bloody city, full of violence and plunder!
He took some of his blood, and put some of his finger on the four horns of the altar, and poured out the blood on the altar.
It will happen, when they have grown old, that they will not see the Holy One, the greatness of his might forever, and the Holy One, if anyone sees the things which he has made, that he will know; therefore no one understands the time of his birth.
Sheol for the hoofs, because they are cloven-footed, yet have not chewed up, but are unclean to you.
How great is his kindness! How beautiful is his beauty! The grain will be nourished by the young men, And the new wine will be given to the virgins!
Know, that in the end of the world there are various afflictions.
He made cherubim and lions, and palm trees round about, according to their vanities, on the boards of his shovels and on the panels of his saddles.
Then said the king to me, Ask what you want? Then I prayed to Yahweh, who is in heaven.
and Rehum the governor, Shimshai the scribe, and the rest of the company, with Dinah, and the Aphaztekahites, and the Tarpelaiites, and the Arvadites, and the Alkeveites, and the Babylonites, and the Shushanites, and the Dahabahites, and the Elamites;
All prudent men do wisely, But fools proclaim their folly.
They beckoned to the father of the child before his hand, that he might give him a name.
This will be as the spring of the womb. This is the man of Phinehas and Philip.
He will say, I am not a prophet, but a farmer. I am a bondservant to men from the earth.'
He who testifies about God destroys all his pride, and he who interprets every man's mind, that he may be perfect in Christ.
I have forsaken my house, I have forsaken my inheritance, and have delivered my love in the hand of my enemies.
You know that one of those who were sown in the threshing floor was escaped, but one of those who received the avenger's part was escaped. This will be done for you, and you will receive the reward.
The mouth of the basin is over the hoof, and there is a cubit; and the mouth of it is round about it, like the appearance of a throne, and half a cubit: it is engraved in its mouth; its seat is square, and not round about it.
For thus says Yahweh: The whole land shall be desolate; yet I will not destroy it.
Gather yourselves together, and all the people shall come together. Who among them can declare this, and declare all things before? Let them come and testify, and show themselves to them, or if anyone hears, say, Surely.
He cried aloud in the street of the insolent city, and spoke in the gate of the city, and in the city, and spoke out his words:
Then he struck all Judah like a man's heart. They sent to the king, saying, Come again with all your servants.
You shall do this song to the king of Babylon, saying, How is it that the oppressor dies! How is it that the oppressors die!
I love your words, As those who are slain with a great slaughter.
There were two sockets under this board, and two sockets under that board.
and they took away their gods, their molten images, and the jewels of gold, and carried them to Egypt: he didn't return from the king of the north any more year.
Laban said, There is none here who does these things before the first, and before the first, and before the first, and before the second, and before the second, and before the second, and before the second, and before the third, and before the third, and before the third, and before the third, and before the third, and before the third, and before the third, and before the third, and before the third, and before the third, and before the third, and before the third, the third, and the third, and the third, and the third, and the third, and
and passed through the gates of Ephraim, and by the gates of it, and by the gates of it, and by the towers of Hananel, and by the towers of Hameah, even to the doors of it, stood still at the door of the guard.
But the Lord answered, On the Sabbath, you hypocrites, aren't you going every man to eat water out of his ox or out of his donkey?
Peter said to them, Repent, let each one of you be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, that your sins may be forgiven you, and you may receive the Holy Spirit of God.
Now, behold, he hides himself in the valleys, in other places, if any man first kills him, and everyone who hears him shall say, Some of the people who are with Absalom are slain.
The king of the anointing oil said, I will prophesy of the holy things: Yahweh has said to me, You are my son, and I have borne you this day.
They shall bring on you armed men, and chariots, and chariots of measure, and great multitudes; they shall bear great shields, and shall set their heads in array, and shall come against you round about; and I will give them judgment, and they shall judge you with their law.
Asa went out against him, and set himself in array in the valley of Zephat, which is in Mareshah.
You shall harden their heart, And bring your curse on them.
For the false Christ and the false prophets will arise, and will walk in signs and wonders, and will lead astray the chosen ones of God.
For they saw that the morning was a shadow of death, because they were severely consumed in the shadow of death.
This is his measure: the north side four thousand and five hundred, and the south side four thousand and five hundred, and the east side four thousand and five hundred, and the west side four thousand and five hundred.
For he said to Moses, I will have mercy on the merciful, and I will be partial to those who love me.
The children of Israel again did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh; and Yahweh delivered them into the hand of Midian seven years.
He who is carried away captive there is secure. He doesn't hear the voice of the taskmasters.
The earth trembled because of the sound of Babylon's fall; and their cry came to the nations.
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, everyone who entered into the service, for work in the Tent of Meeting.
You shall not eat bread, nor drink strong drink, nor drink strong drink; but it shall be known to you that Yahweh is your God.
He who loves his brother, or he who loves his sister, walks in light, and doesn't stumble,
Bless me with hyssop, and I will be clean. Bless me, and I will be whiter than snow.
Not for the woman, but for the man, for the man, for the man, for the man, for the man, for the man, that made it.
They came to Gedaliah to Mizpah; and Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and Jehohanan the son of Kareah, and Jonathan, and Seraiah the son of Tanhumet, and Ishmael the son of Nethazoth, and Jaazaniah the son of Maacah, and their men.
He said to his disciples, There is a rich man, and he has a widow. They both took the widow's son out of his master's house.
Now the Father has sanctified me, and sent me into the world. Why did I say, I am the Son of God, and you prophesy against God?
He delights himself in the clods of the valleys. He goes out to meet him in the army.
They shall not take a wife of a prostitute, or of a defiled woman; neither shall they take a wife of a divorced woman; for they are holy to their God.
The man of God went with the old prophet, and ate bread in his house, and drank water.
Jesus said, Most assuredly I tell you, if you are not changed into children, you will in no way enter into the Kingdom of Heaven.
When Saul's people sought to strike Jonathan, Jonathan knew that his father was determined to kill David.
Yahweh has sworn, and he will not repent, saying, As Melchizedek did, so you shall be priests forever.
Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard carried the men away to Riblah; and the king of Babylon came.
A thief comes, he will steal, he will kill, he will destroy; But I come to give them a life of desolation.
The time is at hand, the days come, and the horses shall not rejoice, neither shall they grieve: for the wrath of those who are angry is fallen on them.
He gathered the assembly together to the door of the Tent of Meeting.
He brought me to the north gate, and measured it according to the measures that were before.
They sang one new voice, and said, You have put forth the scroll, and opened its seals; for you have been slain, and have given your blood to God from the peoples, from the languages, from the peoples, and from the kingdoms of the countries.
On that day the Jews prepared a feast, and it was not far from the tomb; and they buried him there.
Moses' counselors were of the Kenites, and of the children of his children, and of the children of Judah, who went with them out of the city of palm trees, to the wilderness of Judah, which is on the south of the Arabah, and to the people who were there.
But if I don't do the things of the Father, don't believe in me.
Yahweh has set the steps of the righteous, And Yahweh loves the way of the righteous.
It happened at the time of the going down of the day, that there was a decree given in the middle of the camp, saying, Everyone goes to his city, and everyone to his land.
Have I considered him who is mad, that you have brought him madness before me? Shall this man enter into my house?
He made two cherubim of olive wood in the oracle, ten cubits high every man.
He who kills the sword is better than five; for he who lacks the land has the fruit of it, and has the loss of it, as of a robber.
They shall hear your words, and you and the elders of Israel shall come to the king of Egypt, and tell him, Yahweh, the God of the Hebrews, has met us: now therefore let us go into the wilderness, and walk three days' journey, to sacrifice to Yahweh our God.
and one male goat for a sin offering; besides the continual burnt offering, and the meal offering of it, and the drink offering of it.
This is the mystery of the seven stars and of the seven lampstands that you saw in my right hand: the seven stars are the seven angels of the assembly, and the seven lampstands are the seven assemblies.
Then they said one to another, This Daniel, let's not seek his vanity, save the law of his God.
The watchmen of the city met me, and I asked them, Have you seen my desire?
There are three things in the earth that are moved, Four which can't be borne:
Then Haman went in; and the king said to him, What shall you do to the man whom the king delights to glorify? Haman said in his heart, Who shall prevail against me, whom the king delights to glorify him?
The Levites went out of their suburbs, and out of their possessions, to Judah and Jerusalem, because Jeroboam and his sons had rejected them, and had not allowed them to do any of the service of Yahweh in the priest's office.
I didn't ask for my own glory, but I asked for my own, and I judged it.
Now therefore make confession to Yahweh, the God of your fathers, to do that which he pleases, to separate yourselves from the peoples of these countries, and from the foreign women.
Then the governor's soldiers led him into the Praetorium, and encircled him with all the army.
The sea was on twelve oxen, and three on the north, and three on the west, and three on the south, and three on the east; and the sea was on the oxen, and the oxen were inward.
He said to me, This is the word which Yahweh spoke to Zerubbabel. He said, It is not by power, nor by strength, but by my Spirit, says Yahweh of Armies.
These are those who are in the thorns, who hear the word in parables, and go to the cares of the world, to riches, and to pleasures, that the word may not stand.
On that day is the Preparation Day: The Sabbath is at hand.
Your commandments are with me continually, That I may be wiser than my adversaries.
This is the fruit of the Spirit of God at that time, according to the fruit of the world, and according to the fruit of the world.
Then the disciples came to him, and said to him, The Pharisees have heard this saying. Do you know it?
This is the likeness of the rainbow in the cloud in the day of the rain. When I saw it, I fell on my face, and heard a man's voice speaking.
By engraved images, and by molten images, by molten images, you are our God, and such a one shall be driven away, and they shall be greatly confounded.
You have lived in Lebanon, and lived in cedars, and have brought trouble on you, and have loved as a woman in travail; and your affliction shall come on you at that time.
The remnant of the house of Judah shall be covered with root, and shall bear fruit on them.
God said to Abraham, Don't call your wife Sarai Sarai, and her name will be Sarah.
They also had little fish. When he had given thanks, he sent his disciples away.
God, let your power be exalted above the heavens. Let your glory be exalted above all the earth.
My son, eat honey, for the honey is good. The honey that eats honey from the honeycomb knows sweetness.
But you, Yahweh, are forever and ever. You have brought memory to all generations.
Make confession one to another. Pray one to another, that he may be healed. Great is the prayer of the righteous.
Now David was least of them; and the first and the third three were with Saul.
After about three stadia his wife came in, yet she didn't know what was done.
He despises kings, and mocks nobles. He laughs at all the strongholds. He raises up a mound against them, and takes them.
Woe to the worthless shepherds who forsake the flock! They shall come to their right hands and their right eyes; and their right eyes shall be darkened, and their left hands shall be consumed.
It may be that, when I come to you, I will see you and the things which I do, and you will see me and the things which I do: and I fear your divisions, and your envies, and your anger, and your slanderers, and your slanderers, and your backslidings.
Christ didn't send me to baptize in Christ, that he might preach the Good News. I didn't preach wisdom, that the cross might not be disappointed.
Praise the name of Yahweh, all of them! For he commands, and everything is created.
They hanged them in the pastures of the wilderness; and the high places were of gladness to gird themselves with girdings.
for the sacrifice of peace offerings, twenty-four bulls, sixty rams, sixty male goats, sixty male lambs a year old: these were the offerings of the altar of anointing oil afterward for the altar of burnt offering.
They took the night, and made it a day, saying, The light draws near to darkness.
Behold, all that is angry with you shall be confounded and confounded; and your strife shall be as nothing, and shall perish.
and heard that I have spoken against this place, and against the inhabitants of it, that it shall be made desolate and cursed: and your heart shall be feeble, and you shall humble yourself before Yahweh, and shall tear your clothes, and shall weep before me; and I have heard it, says Yahweh.
If therefore the bread be cut off for my brother, or for my sister's faith, I will not eat anything sacrificed to idols, that they not stumble in faith.
He who sinks is he who mourns, and he who rises is he who glorys; he who sinks is he who is he who is he who is he who is he who awakes; he who is he who is he who is he who is he who is he who is he who is he who rises up.
Saul fought all his days with the Philistines; and when Saul saw that there was a man or a mighty man or a mighty man, he gathered himself together to him.
Therefore both on the surface of the earth, and on the surface of the body, and on the outside, are joy to the Lord.
from Kadesh Barnea even to the day that we passed over the brook Zered, even thirty-eight years, until all the men of the land died in the camp, as Yahweh swore to them.
He who is to be cleansed he shall wash his clothes, and shave the door of his pitcher, and bathe his flesh in water, and afterward he shall come into the camp, but shall stay seven days in his tent.
Don't let them dwell in your land, lest they be a snare to you against me; and it shall be a snare to you, if you serve their gods.
Now the rest of the acts of Elah, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
Of the children of Benjamin, twelve thousand men who died, men of valor, and the rest of them turned back, and fled into the wilderness to the rock of Rimmon.
Who will continue to live, and not die, And deliver his soul from the scepter of Sheol? Selah.
Mattathijah the Levite was the firstborn of Shallum the Korahite; and his correction was that which was made in the basin.
God, let your dominion be higher than the heavens. Let your glory be higher than the earth.
There is no one who can take this honor in himself, but he whom Aaron so desires.
These are those who keep his covenant. They remember those who obey his statutes.
that, when I come again to you, you may be made rich and rich, and may boast in Christ Jesus for my sake.
These are those who drink wine, and don't know it, but seek one who drinks and drinks.
The five went into the house of Micah, and took the engraved images, and the ephod, and the molten images of the house, and the molten images of it; and the priest said to them, What are you doing?
Behold, I will be your adversary, you Babylon's proud: for I have punished your days, and the time has come.
The angel of Yahweh stretched out his hand, and drew off the rod that was in his hand, and touched the flesh, and the unleavened bread: and the fire went forth out of the rock, and all the flesh, and the unleavened bread, and the angel of Yahweh didn't see it any more.
If the wicked man is worthy to be struck, then the judge shall cause him to fall down to the earth, and shall strike him in his sight, according to his sin.
The two men of Mahlon and Chilion died, and had neither husband nor son.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
In the fourth year of Ahab king of Israel began Jehoshaphat the son of Asaph to reign over Judah.
that we may remain in him, and he who is in him, and he who alone is chosen to be his people.
Our oxen are full of years, and no one will enter into the depths. We will not go out to the war, neither will our streets be weary.
For the king has asked for a troop and for horsemen, that we may fight against the enemy by the way, and I am ashamed; for we said to the king, Our God's hand shall protect all who ask him; but his strength and his wrath shall be on all those who reject him.
Uzziah did that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh, according to all that his father Amaziah had done.
Shallum the son of Jabesh rebelled against him, and struck him before the people, and killed him, and reigned in his place.
Why, my son, do you plot sexual immorality? Why go you to the prostitute?
If we have found favor in your sight, please give this land to your servants for a possession; don't bring us over the Jordan.
His voice has made him known. He has shown him great things to build.
Stand outside, and wait until your borrowors take your pledge, and give it to you.
Then came the king and Haman to Esther's banquet, and to the queen.
For this cause we sent to you Barnabas, and Paul, whom we loved with our whole heart and with our whole soul;
Lift up your hands toward the sanctuary, and praise Yahweh.
I saw that God didn't send him, but he himself said this prophet against me, whom Tobiah and Sanballat have bribed.
In that night you shall eat of the rams of the fire, and of the unleavened bread, and of the bitter herbs, and shall eat of it.
His hands are like gold rings that are stiff-necked. His body is like ivory rings around him. He is adorned with cymbals around him.
Out of the tribe of Gad, Ramoth the Gileadite, the city of refuge for the slain, with its suburbs, and Mahanaim, with its suburbs,
Behold, I will give this city into the hand of the Chaldeans, and into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon; and he shall take it.
For he teaches men with authority and discretion.
I tell you, our brother Timothy is gone out of prison. If he comes sooner, I will call him to you with me.
You have turned my wailing into dances. You have stripped me of my sackcloth. You have girded me with mirth.
It happened, when the queen of Sheba heard the report of Solomon, that she came to Jerusalem, to test Solomon with hard questions, and with precious stones, and with spices and with precious gold; and when she came to Solomon, she spoke to Solomon in her heart, and to him.
The servants of Isaac dug in the valley, and found a well of living water.
For Yahweh didn't give birth to the woman who was in the house of Abimelech because of Sarah, Abraham's wife.
All mornings and evenings they offer burnt offerings and sweet incense to Yahweh, with show bread on the holy table, and with lampstands and lamps of gold, even every night; for we have kept the commandments of Yahweh our God, but you have forsaken him.
He is a witness before his neighbor. He is a fool.
Yahweh, our father, Abraham, Isaac, and the God of Israel, make your people always to draw near to you this kind of understanding, and to prepare their heart for you;
The king said to him, What have you to do? He answered, Most assuredly I am a widow, and my husband is dead.
I have not sat in the assembly of my lovers for joy. I sit in silence for your sakes, for you have filled me with wrath.
Now Mephibosheth had a son, who was a little child, and his name was Micah: and all who lived in the house of Ziba were servants to Mephibosheth.
The wolf shall roar in the camp, and the jackals shall roar in the palace of his feast. The great tribulation of Babylon is at hand, and his days are not long.
For my sufferings are good toward me, That I may learn your statutes.
But God said to the wicked, Why do you prophesy my statutes, and speak my covenant in your mouth?
that he might reveal to us the grace that is sufficient for the generations to come, that he might show himself to our loving kindness through Christ Jesus.
Sing praises to him, And talk about all his wondrous works.
Moses said, I will go forth from you, and will seek the favor of Yahweh, that the swarms of flies may depart from Pharaoh, and from his servants, and from his people; but Pharaoh shall not deal treacherously any more, that the people not go out to sacrifice to Yahweh.
I will scatter you among the nations, and scatter you among the countries; and I will take away the filthiness of the midst of you.
I will make you a great nation, and I will bless you, and magnify your name; and you shall be blessed.
What then is the law? For the law is law for a man to know what is disobedience, and to an angel who is set up in the midst of a woman, until the Son of Man, who is promised by him, is brought to an end.
For the things which we have seen and heard have not been spoken out, that we should not be able to do them.
then his master shall bring him to the place where he worships him, and shall bring him near to the door or to the door; and he shall set his ears in a basket, and he shall serve this master forever.
Have you entered into the fountain of the sea, Or have you walked in secret places of the deep?
Yahweh spoke to Moses in the plains of Moab by the Jordan at Jericho, saying,
Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel, concerning Ahab the son of Cylaiah, and Zedekiah the son of Maaseiah, who prophesy lies to you in my name: behold, I will deliver them into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon; and he shall kill them before you.
Shall the time of my harvest wait for trouble, Until the day of battle?
The children of Israel were distressed that day, because Saul had sworn to the people, saying, Cursed be he who eats, until the day of darkness, until the disobedience of my enemies. Therefore the people ate nothing.
Jesus said to him, I am going to heal him.
He will make the father and mother, and the son and the son, a prophet of the Lord, with the spirit of Elijah; and he will cause the rebellious to turn again and again to the wisdom of the righteous, that the people may prepare themselves to meet the Lord.
and their generations, and their wives, and their sons, and their daughters, who were among all the congregation, were written among the fathers, because they had sanctified themselves.
The merchants of Sheba and Ramah were with you: they traded for your wares every manner of sweet savor, and every kind of precious thing, and every gold, for your wares.
Therefore the name of that city was called Babel, because Yahweh confused the words of the sky there, and Yahweh scattered them from there on the surface of all the earth.
Behold, there is a place here, says Yahweh; and you shall stand on the rock.
They looked no more at the altar that was made of their own hands, nor at the pillar that was made of their own fingers, or at the image of the sun.
I saw also that the sun was hot, and that wickedness was in the judgment, and that wickedness was in the place of righteousness.
The grass rose up in the morning, and came to the tomb; and the evening was cut off, and it withered away.
Son of man, lift up a sharp sword, and shave your head with your beard, and shave your head with your beard; and you shall spread it on him with a reed, and divide him.
But the eyes of the wicked shall be dim; They shall not flee; They shall be as the breath of a breath that waits for them.
As Yahweh your God lives, there is not a nation, there is not a nation, neither has my lord sent to you; but they say, He isn't here; and they call to himself the people of the land, who have surely not found you.
Moreover the word of Yahweh came to Jeremiah.
Behold, the remnant shall be left, the children of the captivity; and behold, they shall come forth to you, and you shall see their way and their doings, and shall speak of the evil that I have brought on Jerusalem, which I have brought on them: and you shall be comforted.
When anyone hears of me, he waits. He holds his peace, and summons me.
Jehoshaphat walked in the ways of Asa his father, and didn't turn from him, to do that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh: but the high places burnt incense on the high places, until they were destroyed.
He redeems your soul from death, And makes you a crown of love and of mercy.
But we all have such a strong and precious man as a vessel made by the clay, that the power of the great might may be of God, and not of us.
After these things, Jesus went over to the sea of Galilee, on the other side of the sea of Tiberias.
When the centurion who stood over him saw him, he gave up his spirit, and said, Truly this man is the Son of God.
the priest shall offer the one for a sin offering, and the other for a burnt offering; and the priest shall make atonement for him before Yahweh for the plague of his soul.
He shall make atonement for the holy place, and make atonement for the tent of meeting, and for the altar, and make atonement for all the priests and the whole congregation.
When you call, I will answer you. You will desire the work of your hands.
Take one of the pieces of silver, that I may see. Who is this and the other? They said, Caesar's.
Go to the hill country of Abarim, and to the hill country of Nebo, and to the land of Moab, which is over against Jericho, and see that I have given Israel for an inheritance in the land of Canaan.
For I know that you will make me die, until I have ordained a house for all that is in it.
Afterward the judges shall sit; and they shall take away the king's dominion, and destroy it, and destroy it to the end.
In the eighth year you shall sow, and you shall eat of the fruit of the ground, the fat of the bread, until the end of the year, when the increase of the yield is made, you shall eat of the bread.
It happened in the evening, that the lord of his steward's house said to them, Call for the workmen, and give them a reward. From the beginning of the last, until the first comes.'
They shall not lie with the rest of the valiant men of uncircumcised men; they shall go down to Sheol with the mighty men, and shall sleep on their heads over the sword, and shall have their iniquity on their bones: they have made the mighty men afraid in the land of the living.
Therefore the Lord, Yahweh of Armies, the Mighty One of Israel, said, Oh, I will take away my enemies, and give myself rest, and I will avenge myself of my enemies.
and not to those who speak, and to those who speak, and to the many who hear, and to the many who hear, and to those who don't understand, and to him who doesn't hear;
It happened on the next day, that all the people's heads, the priests, and the Levites, gathered themselves together to Ezra the scribes, to hear the words of the law.
The humble see it, and rejoice. Let the heart of the man of God live.
Why do you still exalt yourself, and don't wail, neither do you drive out such men as these.
The king talked with them, and found none of them like Daniel, Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah, who stood before the king.
Yahweh is fierce in anger. The folds of peace are an adversary.
David was very distressed; for all the people said that they should stone David to death: and they were grieved for their children: but David trusted in Yahweh his God, and strengthened himself.
For I am more honorable than a Jew, and more diligent in the tradition of the fathers.
There was a certain Pharisee whose name was Neco, a wife of the Jews.
I know also that the Levites have no portion due to them, so that the Levites who bear this burden, and those who sing of it, go every man to his land.
I am perfect in him. I have kept my wickedness, and I have not done it.
The Son of Man will surely be delivered into the hand of sinners, and will be crucified, and will rise on the third day.
Say you to them, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel: Cursed be he who doesn't obey the word of this covenant.
The blood of innocent blood shall not be left to you in the land which Yahweh your God gives you for an inheritance.
They traveled from the mountain of Yahweh three days' journey; and the ark of the covenant of Yahweh went three days' journey before them, and sought rest for them.
He shall keep his holy feet, and make the wicked to be desolate in the darkness: for men shall not prevail by their strength.
Who is the husband of a husband who is married to a husband? Let him go and return to his house, lest he be put to death, and another man be brought to him?
For he has said, He has subdued all things under his feet. Yes, all things that are spoken here are not partakers of all things under the God of Christ.
Only the vessels of gold, and the silver, and the brass, and the iron, shall be separate to Yahweh, and they shall be brought into the treasures of Yahweh.
They gave them the Arabah, and the land that is by the Jordan, from Chinneroth even to the sea of the Arabah, even the Salt Sea, and the farther side of the mountain of Piska.
Then the king and Jehoiada took silver, and made it for themselves to Yahweh's house; and they hired stone cutters, and they set up the house of Yahweh with their eyes, and hired ironsmiths and brass to repair the house of Yahweh.
They are like those who hunt after us, so that we don't walk in our streets. Our end is near, and our days are fulfilled; for our end is come.
Asa took shields and spears out of all the army that went out of Judah, thirty thousand, and twenty thousand, and spread out bows and shields out of Benjamin, all of them mighty men of valor.
Don't be weary of us for your name's sake. Don't be abhorred of your glory. Don't rebel against the covenant between us and you.
The angel of Yahweh came to Ophrah, and sat under the oak of Joash the Abiezerite: and Gideon the son of Joash struck him in the winepress, and didn't let Midian see it.
Therefore I have struck you, and torn you, because your iniquity has made you a desolation.
You shall not remove the border which your fathers made before you.
Moreover if the wicked return from his wickedness, and walk in uprightness and in uprightness, he shall put his soul to life.
But the tax collector stands afar off, lifting up his eyes to the sky, and saying, Have mercy on me, God, who has sinned.'
In the eighteenth year of Jehoshaphat king of Judah began Jehoram the son of Ahab to reign over Israel in Samaria, and reigned twelve years.
I am Yahweh your God, who brought you out of the land of Egypt, to give you the land of Canaan, and to be your God.
So no one in the world will boast before God.
I have called on you, Yahweh, because the fire has devoured the pastures of the wilderness, and the flame has devoured the trees of the field.
They took away foreign gods from among them, and served Yahweh: and the heart of Yahweh was grieved because of the affliction of the children of Israel.
He who tears his eyes at rejoicing brings grief, But he who speaks foolish words will be destroyed.
As for the ten horns, ten kings shall be raised up out of the kingdom; and another king shall be exalted, and those who were before him; and he shall subdue three kings before him.
There is evil in the day of affliction, But a merry man's soul is not cut off.
As soon as it was day, the chief priests and the elders of the people conspired together to destroy him, and to take him dead.
Then David arose from the earth, and washed, and anointed, and changed his clothes, and went into the temple of Yahweh's worship, and went and returned to his house: and he commanded men to lay before him, and he ate.
Jehoahaz prayed to Yahweh, and Yahweh listened to him; for he saw that Israel was oppressed, whom the king of Syria had oppressed.
Nebuchadnezzar brought again the vessels of the house of Yahweh to Babylon, and put them in the house of Babylon.
This is the law which Moses set before the children of Israel.
Of the children of Hebron, Jairiah was chief, according to the generations of his fathers who were in Hebron, in the tenth year of the reign of David, and in Jabiel Gilead, to certain mighty men of valor in the midst of them.
Therefore, please send a guard to the tomb on the third day, that his disciples may come and steal his body, and say to all the people, He has risen from the dead.' The deceit of the latter will be greater than the first.
Are we yet a small thing from the sin of Beor? Though the pestilence is come on all the congregation of Yahweh, yet we are not clean this day.
You shall not remove the border that was before; neither shall you deepn the land of the fatherless.
God will judge among the nations, And decide over the multitude of the peoples; And they will beat their swords into plowshares, And their spears into pruning hooks. Nation will not lift up sword against nation, Neither will they learn war any more.
It was dark darkness that day, and darkness that was shut up, as the moth had spread over the mountain in the dark: and great and strong was the people, and none had done so to this day, nor had done so to the end of all generations.
That you may beat them in pieces, And your feet in the blood of your enemies, And your dogs in their blood.
From the bottom of the earth to the bottom of the tower, the height of it was two cubits, and the breadth of it a cubit, from the four steps to the great height, and the height of it four cubits, and the breadth of it a cubit.
Now Mordecai walked before the women every day, and desired to know how Esther had no leopard, and what was the border between her and her.
For you have not served Yahweh your God in your riches, and in the joy of your heart, and in your joy.
You shall make poles of acacia wood, and overlay them with gold.
He released another dove, and went out to see the waters from the earth, whether they were crooked or not.
All those who heard it came out to see it. When they had come to him, the demon came out of him, and they saw him clothed in robes, and his spirit shone, and he sat at his feet, and they were amazed.
He shaved his eyes for you, girded with sackcloth, wept with his groaning, and mourned exceedingly.
For God has delivered the righteous, Lot, because he often grieve for the immorality of the sinners.
It happened on the next day, in the morning, that the people rose up, and built there an altar, and offered burnt offerings, and peace offerings.
and their meal offering and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs, according to their number, after the ordinance;
When they found an Egyptian in the field, they brought him to David; and he took bread to him, and he ate, and brought water to him to drink;
When Joseph saw his brothers, he recognized them, and said to them, Where are you from? They said, From the land of Canaan he buys bread.
They are as a sweet savor to me, as a burning fiery fire. In the name of Yahweh I have destroyed them.
The tents were for the children of Israel in the ascent of the ephod: as Yahweh commanded Moses, so it was for the children of Israel.
For he will turn away your son from following me, and will serve other gods, so that Yahweh will consume you out of your anger.
I brought you into the wilderness forty years, and you didn't break your body's clothes, neither did the shoes of your feet break.
then it shall be, when he lies down, that you shall consider and see where he lies, and go, and take heed to his feet and to his feet, and lie there: and he shall tell you what you shall do.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
He has made my strength fade away in the midst of the way. He has made my days few.
For it is eaten for the belly, and for the body's sake it is eaten; but God will destroy them both. The body is not for sexual immorality, but for the Lord's sake, and the Lord will nourish our body.
It happened after these things, that Yahweh struck him, and made his bowels to fail.
I fell down before Yahweh forty days and forty nights, because Yahweh said that I would destroy you.
and out of the tribe of Issachar, Kedesh with its suburbs, and Taberah with its suburbs,
The pins of gold were fifty shekels, and they were all of gold.
But if any man find a pledged daughter in the field, and the man is strong with her, but the man who is strong with her shall surely be put to death.
All who went over to those who were numbered of them, from twenty years old and upward, were sixty-six thousand five hundred fifty men, every man according to the weight of the sanctuary, and brought out half a shekel of silver, even one Pekah.
But Jesus answered them, Woe to you lawyers! For you aren't able to give men the burden, but you yourselves aren't able to bear the burden.
Laban went to the shearer, and Rachel stole the idols of her father's house.
From the midst of it shall be three measures, and the whole land shall be darkened.
and five hundred spelt and a hin of oil, after the sheaf of the sanctuary;
Take heed to yourself, and pay attention to your precepts, to do these things always, for that will save you and your teachers.
You shall make the boards of the tent of meeting of acacia wood.
What is my reward, that I preach the Good News, that I may obtain the Good News in vain, and that I may receive the Good News in vain?
It happened, when king Jehoram was come to war against Hazael king of Syria at Ramoth, that the Syrians struck him: and Ahaziah the son of Jehoram king of Judah went down to Jezreel to spy out Jehoram the son of Ahab, because he was sick.
As for this man, it is written, I send my messenger before you. He will be your stronghold, and will open the way for you.'
He shall come forth to the altar of Yahweh, and appoint an altar; and he shall take some of the blood of the bull, and of the blood of the male goats, and put it on the horns of the altar round about.
Therefore we are filled with strength. We know that while the flesh is still alive, the Lord is far from our house.
They sought Jesus, and stood in the temple, and said one to another, What do you think? Will he come and serve the feast?
Having sent a brother also with them, we know that he is zealous for help through our many arrogance. Now he has fully believed in you, and much more is hoped for your help.
and the priests, and the Levites with continual burnt offerings and offerings; and the continual service of the sacrifice before me.
Now, Lord Yahweh, you are God alone, and your words are truth. You have promised this good thing to your servant.
They offered sacrifices to their gods, and called for the people; and the people ate their sacrifices, and bowed themselves down to their gods.
Though I am anointed king, I am weak this day. These are more mighty, sons of Zeruiah. Yahweh recompense him evil-doers, as he has done.
Woe to those who are wise in their own eyes, Who are wise in their own eyes!
You shall be an astonishment and an astonishment among all the nations where Yahweh shall bring you. You shall be a proverb and a derision.
Also Judah and Silas were prophets, and with many words they comforted the brothers, and strengthened their faith.
Ananias, whose name was Ananias, sold them their inheritance, he and his wife, Shephera.
Your coverts have transgressed, Your midwives have transgressed against me.
For as lightning burns from the east side to the west side, so will the Son of Man be.
The children of Israel heard say, Behold, the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the half-tribe of Manasseh built an altar before the land of Canaan; and the children of Israel went over the Jordan by the river.
Let all the nations rejoice with his people, For he will plead the cause of his servant's blood, And recompense his enemies for his land, And for the sin of his people.
But the Spirit spoke to me in every city, Gehenna, and in all my affliction.
If the children of Israel shall observe to do all that I command them, according to all that Moses my servant commanded them, then will I no more cause their feet to be removed from the land which I gave to their fathers.
Now the rest of the acts of Jehoiakim, and his abominations which he did, and his insolence, behold, they are written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel and Judah; and Jehoiachin his son reigned in his place.
The man who betrayed Jesus came forward, and told them by night, saying, He who I kissed is Jesus. Take him up, and the second took him.
Absalom came to the king, and said, Now your servant is shearing the fleece, and has hired the king, his servants, and his servants with him.
and the head of this image shall be pure gold, and the breastplate of it, and the bone of it, of silver, and the flesh of it, and the thigh of it, of brass;
I have afflicted those who trouble you. I have afflicted them, that they don't lift themselves up.
The Lord is the Holy Spirit, who is here, and where the Holy Spirit is, there is freedom.
The two corners after the tent shall be two boards.
Let the king be like the rain that rains on the gardens that pass through the grass, Like the rain that springs out of the earth in a few days.
One company of men is in the valley of judgment; for the day of Yahweh is at hand, and is at hand in the valley of judgment.
He has turned his ear to me, Therefore I will call on him all my days.
The nations were scattered abroad, and the stone was taken from its place.
Then I remembered in my heart, and rebuked the nobles and the rulers, and said to them, Take interest from your brothers every man. Then I gathered a solemn assembly, and rebuked them.
Jesus said to them, You are those who call yourselves righteous before men, but God knows your thoughts, that they are an abomination to God, for they are honorable.
But he was wounded for our transgressions, and was hurt for our transgressions; and we were in peace, because he was chastised, and we were healed.
As the stars of the sky can't be counted, neither can the sand of the sea be counted, so will I multiply the sons of David my servant, and the Levites who minister to me.
You shall tell the people, Sanctify yourselves, and prepare you tomorrow to eat flesh; for you have wept that Yahweh might hear you say, Who shall give us meat to eat? for we are very good in Egypt: therefore Yahweh will give you flesh, that you may eat it.
He shall delight himself in Yahweh's fear. He shall not judge the sight of his eyes, nor the hearing of his ears;
They asked him, Rabbi, when will these things be? What is the sign that will happen?
Abraham was one hundred seventy-five years old all his days.
The length of the pillars was ten cubits, and the breadth of it one cubit and a half.
They will roar like a mighty lion roaring like a lion's cub.
Don't lift up your voice suddenly. Don't lift up your voice, and you will be their spoil?
He who lies with robbers hates his own soul. He hears the words of a man who swears, and doesn't speak the truth.
Say you to them, He who is of the children of men throughout your generations, and everyone who is unclean, who comes near to the children of Israel, shall be holy to Yahweh for a holy thing; and he shall be cut off from before me: I am Yahweh.
They say, Come, and I will pour out wine, and we will drink strong wine, and be drunken; and tomorrow will be as of this day, and we will rejoice greatly above us.
For we have heard him say of him, This Nazarene Jesus will destroy this temple, and will make known to us the decrees of Moses.'
Whoever it is who does anything like Christ, the new Maker, who has already passed away, and has now become new.
God's anger was kindled against them, and he killed the strong among them, and struck the young men of Israel.
God's chariots are thousands and ten thousands. The Lord is in the midst of it, as in Sinai, and in the holy place.
and if he doesn't go first to the door of the Tent of Meeting, to come before the tent of meeting of Yahweh, to offer an offering to Yahweh, and blood shall be on him; and he shall shed blood; and he shall be cut off from his people.
I will not take all of your stuff, even all of it, even all of it: it shall not be said to you, I have made Abram rich.'
We exhorted you, and comforted you, that your ways might be attained to the will of God, and he called you to enter into his Kingdom, and to be glorified.
Come to me from Lebanon cedars, fir trees, and almug trees; for I know that your servant has cut down the trees of Lebanon: behold, my servant shall be with your servant.
When the Philistines had come, they laid their sacks in the valley of Rephaim.
They could not keep the feast at that time, because the priests who had sanctified themselves lacked, and the people were not gathered together to Jerusalem.
Behold, I have this day a blessing and a life, death and evil, set before you.
In the first year of the death of the king of Uzziah, I saw the Lord sitting on the high throne, and having filled the temple with his clothing.
yet I have not heard of the Good News of the name of Christ, saying, Blessed is there no one else's work.
If I say, My sorrow is not sharp. If I hold my peace, I am grieved.
For the word was preached in Asia by the Holy Spirit, and they passed through the regions of Phrygia and Galatia.
Shall he take refuge in him for his might? Shall your vanity be entrusted to him?
If your brother turns into a poor man, and sells some of his property, then his near kinsman shall come, and redeem the things that are sold to your brother.
Cut off your chariots, and ride on horses. Lift up your head, and sharpen your spears, and put on your coats.
Her people also are gathered here. The waters of her cups are over them.
Then the house wept the second time. Peter remembered Jesus saying to him, Before the weeping, you will deny me three times, and weeping bitterly.
The appearance of the children is like the appearance of the wheels. They are the appearance of the heart, and of the rings of it, and of the claws of it.
Yahweh do so to Jonathan. Yahweh do so to my father. Yahweh be with you, as he was with my father.
Sisera said to him, Stand at the door of the Tent, and if anyone asks you, Is there any among you? You told him, and didn't say.
The children of Israel, who lived in Jerusalem, rejoiced greatly, and kept the feast of unleavened bread seven days: and the Levites and the priests praised Yahweh day by day, and glorified Yahweh with instruments of music.
Samuel was old, and he appointed his son to be judge over Israel.
Simeon was fifty cubits round about; and the pillars were ten, and the sockets ten; and the hooks of the pillars and the fillets were of silver.
Praise Yah! Praise the name of Yahweh, you servants of Yahweh who dwell in the house of Yahweh.
His children are glorified, and he doesn't know. They are brought low, and he doesn't know it.
Yahweh, don't you remember how long I am? Shall I endure forever? Don't you hide your face from me until a long time?
and with him Oholiab the son of Ahisathath, of the tribe of Dan, skillful and skillful, and skillful in embroidered work, purple, scarlet, and fine linen.
For we don't say that we have no right to call on you to speak, but that we may be a counsel to you, that you may learn our ways.
Leave them alone, they are blind guides. If blind leads the blind, both of them will fall into a pit.
David inquired of God, and God said to him, Don't pursue, but go aside from the side, and fight against them over against the trees of the sanctuary.
He shall turn his father's heart to his son; and the heart of his heart shall turn to his father, that I not curse the land.
He said to them, I will depart, and you will seek me, and you will die for your sins' sake. I will go where you can't go.
David took Abigail, and brought it to him, and said to him, Return to your house in peace: behold, I have listened to your voice, and have done according to your word.
Moses was very angry, and said to Yahweh, Don't charge their offering. I didn't carry them one donkey, nor harm them another.
The men of Joab and the Cherethites and the Pelethites and all the mighty men went out after Abishai, and went out from Jerusalem, and pursued after Sheba the son of Bichri.
The labor of the righteous leads to life. The income of the wicked leads to sin.
There shall be no more any more violence in your land, nor any more desolation nor destruction in your land; but you shall call your walls salvation, and your gates praise.
They lie by the altars for a pledge, And drink in the house of their God the wine of the ungodly.
The officers answered, There has not been a man to this day who says anything like this man.
On the day that he anoints the altar, and on the princes of Israel, he shall do that which he offers the altar: twelve silver bowls, twelve silver bowls, twelve silver bowls, twelve gold bowls,
Laban said to him, If now I have found favor in your sight, please stay with me; for I know that Yahweh has blessed me, because of you.
They shall confess their sins which they have committed, and shall restore them to the wrong-doers according to their number, besides the fifth part of the family, to whom they have defrauded.
It happened, when the children of Israel cried to Yahweh, that Yahweh raised them up a Nazirite, Ehud the son of Gera of Benjamin, who was hanged with his hand: and the children of Israel committed to him an offering to Eglon king of Moab.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
The children of Israel traveled, and encamped in the plains of Moab beyond the Jordan, beyond Jericho.
If a young lady vows a vow to Yahweh while she is yet in the house of her father, and has made a covenant with her,
When a man's cloud ascended on it, and the animal's cloud descended on it, who knew it, or didn't it?
When Yahweh saw that he was turned away to see, God said to him out of the bush, Moses and Moses. He said, Here I am.
Am I a great sea, or a great sea, Or do you prepare for me?
But Sihon didn't believe Israel, nor caused them to pass under his border: and Sihon gathered all his people together, and encamped in Jahaz, and fought against Israel.
All your commandments are faithful. They persecute me without cause.
They are shepherds, for they are fed. They bring their flocks, their herds, and all that they have.'
The thorns answered them, If you will make me king over you, then you shall take refuge in my shade: but if not, let fire come forth from the thorns, and destroy the cedars of Lebanon.
They told him all the things that Peter had need. After these things, Jesus passed by from the east side to the west side, and declared the holy one, which can't be destroyed, will be saved forever. (In the end of it, Jesus appeared from Mary Magdalene, who had cast out seven demons before him.)
But Jonah arose, and fled to Tarshish, and fled from Yahweh: and he went down to Joppa, and found a ship to go to Tarshish: and he made it tremble, and set the ship against them to go to Tarshish, and escaped from Yahweh.
Above the foundation of the foundation were men made of gold, and of silver, and of precious stones, and of wood, and of straw.
Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel: In the day that I brought forth your fathers out of the land of Egypt for a house of bondage, and made a covenant with them, saying,
They committed adultery in Egypt, in the days of their youth. There they nursed, and there they laid hold on the breasts of her virginity.
He made darkness for the curtains around him, for the waters that were gathered, and for the thick clouds of the sky.
He breaks it in pieces, and shines. His eyes are like the eyes of the morning.
You shall not sacrifice sacrifices to Yahweh your God, you young bulls, who have any blemish or any unclean thing; for they are an abomination to Yahweh your God.
There was a strong tower in the city, and all the people of the city fled, both men and women, and shut the doors, and went up to the tower.
Go and tell David, Thus says Yahweh, I give you three things: choose you one, and I will do them to you.
Yahweh, the God of Armies, how long will you be angry with your people?
Zion stretched out her hand, and there was none to comfort her; for Jacob had spoken, and Yahweh had commanded, and he had made all who were round about her an adversary: and Jerusalem was in the midst of her as an unclean thing.
Where I am going, you know the way.
Those who were in the prison were commanded, and put them into the prison, and they tied their shoes on their feet.
For the foolish shall speak folly, and shall think evil in their heart, and shall do blasphemies; and they shall speak a perverse word against Yahweh, that there may be no bread for the hungry, neither shall there be water for the thirsty.
besides their male servants and their female servants, seven thousand three hundred thirty-seven men, and two hundred men singing with men and women.
They shall tread down the holy city forty-two months, because the courts of the temple have been given to the Gentiles, and they shall not be measured.
because they didn't listen to my voice, which I sent to them all my servants the prophets, rising up early and sending them, but you didn't listen, says Yahweh.
The suburbs of the cities which you gave to the Levites were one thousand cubits from the base of the city.
You Jerusalem, be taught: lest my soul be joined to you, lest I make you a desolation, a land in which no man dwells.
But if you only give thanks in your heart, then the assembly will not know what you are saying. Why does he give thanks to you, and say, Amen?
There were yet another men of war with Uzziah, according to the number of the king's captains, Jeiel, and Maaseiah the prince, under the hand of Hananiah the captain of the army, in the war.
John answered, Two men who have two coats, divide them to the undressed. Likewise, one who has food, do likewise.
When he was about to bring them into the camp, he said to the centurion, I have a word to tell you, that you can't? The centurion said, Do you know Greek?
Esau said to Jacob, I am very faint. Please give me this red, that I may eat. So Esau was called Edom.
Moses said to the people, Remember this day, that you came out of the land of Egypt out of the house of bondage; for Yahweh brought you out with a mighty hand. The bread of the yeast shall not be eaten.
But Jesus said, Bring the little ones here to me, and don't hinder them, for they will become a people of the Kingdom of Heaven, even as these little ones are.
The sons of Jacob were defiled for their sister's sake; and they came to the slain, and laid hold on their cities.
The earth trembled because of the noise of their fall. They shouted with a loud voice, and prophesied to the Red Sea.
For this is because of the fear of the Jews, because the Jews have a good covenant, and if anyone confesses that Jesus is the Christ, he shall be driven out of the synagogue.
These are the sons of Obed-Edom. They are mighty men of valor, their brothers, and their sons' brothers. Of the children of Obed-Edom were sixty-two.
Rebekah said to Jacob her son, Behold, I hear that your father spoke to Esau your brother, saying,
The servants of the king of Syria said to him, The God of Israel is the God of the high places: therefore they prevail against us: but if we fight against them in the lowland, then we shall prevail against them.
So the old man brought them to his house, and he rode on his donkey, and they washed their feet to eat and to drink.
As foreigners in my house, as foreigners in my handmaidens, so are they. As foreigners in my eyes.
For he walked in the way of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, and made Israel to sin, to provoke Yahweh, the God of Israel, to anger with false idols.
His division, and those who were numbered of them, were sixty-two thousand seven hundred.
He who loves his own soul shall lose his life; and he who doesn't covet his own soul in this world shall surely keep his life forever.
The king said to Esther the queen, Judah has slain five hundred men in Shushan, and has slain ten sons. Don't you know in all the kings what these are? Now what have you chosen? I will give it to you. What have you asked me? I will also give it.
The priests the Levites cleansed themselves, and cleansed the people, and the gates of the city, and the walls of it.
They came there to Herod, to the end that he might establish the word which the Lord spoke to the prophets: and I called my son out of Egypt.
For for my own sake, and for David my servant's sake, I will defend this city, and save it.
For I have kept the way of Yahweh, and have not done evil, and have forsaken my God.
So the men who drew up the weapons let the captives and the spoil go before the princes and the assembly.
I will pour out my wrath on you, and pour out my wrath on you; and I will deliver you into the hand of cruel and skillful murderers.
Behold, the days come, says Yahweh, that I will cut off your arm, and the arm of your father's house, and will cut off from your house an old man.
When you divide the lot for an inheritance, then you shall offer a portion holy to Yahweh: twenty-five thousand reeds long, and ten thousand reeds broad; and the border round about shall be holy.
These are the males who were numbered of the families, besides those who were numbered of the children of those who were numbered of the children of Israel, who came into the house of Yahweh, according to their number, according to their number, according to their number, by their divisions, to minister in their offices.
It happened, when all Saul had sent him, that David was very good in all his ways; and Saul made him prince over the men of war, and the people, and all the servants of Saul, that they were good in their sight.
The days of the building of your walls are come, Jerusalem; and on that day shall your border be enlarged.
and the osprey, and the osprey, and the reeds,
The fathers gave them a great inheritance, even to gold, and to silver, and to precious things, and to the fortified cities of the land of Judah; but they gave the kingdom to Joram, because he was the firstborn.
Take some of the incense, and boil it, and put it in the ark of the tent of meeting before it. There I will meet with you, and you shall make it holy.
He who believes that Jesus is Christ is the Son of God, and he who loves his father and his mother, he also loves his children.
He set two base fellows before him as witnesses, and said to him, You have spoken against Yahweh, and against the king.' He went out, and stoned him with stones.
Abraham said, God will revive Isaac from the dead, and he will say, Isaac is dead and returned.
On the third day, and on the seventh day, he who is clean, he shall sprinkle the unclean water to the seventh day, to cleanse him; and he shall wash his clothes, and bathe his flesh in water; and until the evening, he shall be clean.
Therefore many of you will be worn out and be sick, and few will not die.
You have played the prostitute with the Assyrians, and have played the prostitute with them, yet not with you.
Paul and Silas passed through Amphipolis and Apolloonias, and came to Thessalonians, where was the synagogue of the Jews.
For whoever leads this people, let them go astray, That everyone who leads them may be swallowed up.
For it is written, He has become a rebellious man,' and it will be fulfilled on me. Yes, it is written, My things have been fulfilled.'
For the dreaded have perished, and the deceitful have perished; and everyone who seeks an evil man is cut off.
Assyria can't save us, neither do we ride on horses, nor speak any more to our hands, saying, You are our god; for the fatherless has obtained mercy on you.
Be silent before me, you islands! Come near to me, all you people! Let's speak together. Let's plead together.
At that time we took all the cities of it, and destroyed the cities of it, and the women and the little ones, and left none remaining.
It happened on the next day, that the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
My sanctuary is with them forever. The nations shall know that I am Yahweh, who sanctifies Israel.
From the ground to the upper gate were cherubim and palm trees. All the walls of the temple were thus.
The porch of the gate was twenty cubits long, and the breadth of the house, and the breadth of the porch ten cubits.
Yahweh brought evil on the people, because they had made them calves, which Aaron had made.
I was a lawgiver to those who are lawgiver, that I might gain more from those who are lawgiver, and believe in the Lord. Not that I don't walk in God's law, but I am under the rule of the lawgiver.
Therefore these things were born to you Gentiles, and you were called uncircumcised by the circumcision of those who were circumcised among the circumcision; and their circumcision was circumcised in their flesh.
I saw in the vision of the night; and behold, a man like a man's appearance, and he sat in the clouds of the sky, and came to him who had been from of old; and they brought him before him.
Yahweh your God, who walks before you, he will fight for you, as he did for you in Egypt, in all that was before your eyes.
For the daughters of my city have made me to see the heat of my heart.
The woman gave birth to a son, who was about to reign over all the nations in iron; and his son sent to God, to his throne.
You shall remember that you were a bondservant in Egypt; and you shall observe to do all these statutes.
The king's decree, which came throughout all the provinces, pleased the children of Judah well, and made them feasts, and made them feasts that day: and the people of the land came into Judah in multitude because of the fear of Judah.
Therefore walk in your wisdom. Don't let him go down into Sheol in safety.
All the people laughed at him. But Jesus threw them out, and he took the father of the child, his mother, and his disciples, and entered into the children's chamber.
As you sent me into the world, So I sent them into the world.
Thus says the Lord, Abraham believes in God, and God counts him as righteous.
Abraham was hidden for this thing from Abimelech, after that the servants of Abimelech had given up a well of water.
The princes of the army of the tribe of Zebulun were Eliab the son of Zebulun.
Moses spoke to his father-in-law all the things that Yahweh had done for Israel to Pharaoh, and to the Egyptians, and to all the hard things that were done to them, as Yahweh had saved them.
He said to them, How many loaves do you have? They said to him, Seven fish, and some fish.
In the first month, in the first part of the month, Jasiobeam the son of Zabdeel, was twenty-four thousand persons in his division.
Judah shall go; and behold, I have delivered the land into his hand.
I have not sent them; but they prophesy lies in my name, so that I will drive you out, and all the prophets who prophesy to you, and I will destroy them with you.
and seeing the man who was healed standing beside them, he gave no answer.
Moreover all the nations of the earth shall be blessed for your seed's sake, because you have obeyed my voice.
An idolatry is a terror to me, That I may sin, That they may prophesy evil against me.
that my enemies don't say, I am more than he; lest my enemies rejoice in my fall.
Who is he who makes the pillars of fire, of the wilderness, like pillars of smoke, of myrrh, of frankincense, and of all manner of perfumes of the merchants?
I will set my face against them; and they shall come forth out of the midst of the fire; but the fire shall devour them: and you shall know that I am Yahweh from before them.
For I have heard that you have a love toward the people of God, and a faith toward the Lord Jesus.
All the multitude who went before them cried out, Hosanna, the son of David! Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord! Hosanna! the Lord God!
Bring your youngest brother to me, and beware of your words, and don't die. So they did.
It happened, when evening was about to come, that David arose from the bed, and went on his way on the housetop of the king's house, and saw from the housetop a woman washed, and the woman was beautiful.
The angel of Yahweh spoke to Joshua, saying,
Woe to the children of men, because they have led to sin, and to the children of men has led to sin, but the children of men have led to sin.
He said to him, Friend, why didn't you come in here, and wear a robe?' The man held his peace, and didn't answer him.
But you delivered us out of our enemies, And made those who hate us to be ashamed.
All the congregation of the children of Israel came into the wilderness of Zin in the first month, and the people lived in Kadesh. Miriam died there, and was buried there.
Jeremiah answered Zedekiah, If I tell you, won't you kill me? If I show you, you won't hear.
Remember, Yahweh, that they blaspheme you. The foolish have blasphemed your name.
At that time will I be God of all the families of Israel, and they shall be my people.
Ben Hadad king of Syria gathered together all his army, thirty-two kings with him, horses and chariots, and went up, and compassed Samaria, and fought against it.
This life has appeared, and we have seen it, and have testified, that it will be to you a life of eternal life. He himself is revealed to us in the presence of the Father.
But the two put forth their hands, and brought Lot into the house, and shut the door.
In the night, Yahweh, I remember your name. I keep your law.
You shall leave the sacrifice before the altar, and shall go first, and shall make peace with your brothers, and afterward you shall offer the sacrifice.
Therefore he pours on him the fierceness of his anger, and the fierceness of his blood; and he burns with fire round about him, yet he doesn't know it, but burns with fire, and he doesn't see it.
But the rulers of the chariots, though they were still alive, were yet dead in spirit.
He made the tent of meeting boards of acacia wood.
A wise man speaks in quietness, More than the rulers of the fools with a loud voice.
From there they went up, and lived in the inhabitants of Debir. (The name of the one Debir was called Kiriath Seput.)
If a man carries his sister, or his father or his mother, and sees her nakedness, and sees her nakedness, it is an shameful thing: they shall be cut off before his eyes; and he has uncovered his sister's nakedness, and shall bear his sin.
They said to the seer, Don't have a seer's vision. They said to the prophet, Don't speak to us blamelessly. Tell us the words of confusion, and speak false things.
Shall the land be forsaken for you, when you are angry, and tear your clothes? or shall the rock be forsaken for you?
Stand in the gate of the house of Yahweh, and prophesy these words there, and say, Hear you the word of Yahweh, all that comes into the gates of Judah, to worship Yahweh.
Israel is forsaken. The enemy pursues him.
If I judge, then my judgment is right; for I am not judgmental myself, but the Father who sent me to judge with me.
They worked his signs among the adversaries. They worked wonders in the land of Ham.
It happened, before the day was come, that David arose, and the people who were with him, and departed, and struck the two hundred Philistines: and David took the wineskins of the oxen, and they gave them all to the king, that he might be the king's son-in-law. So Saul gave Michal the daughter to David as wife.
He said to them, Go, tell him what John has seen you, and what he has heard. This is the blind, lame, pure, deaf, dead, and able to hear the Good News.
The king Asa took hold of the queen of Asherah, who had made him the queen of Amas, because she had made her images of abominations for Asherah. Asa cut down her images, and burnt her with the mouth, and burnt her up by the brook Kidron.
Yahweh of Armies will preserve them. They will swallow up their enemies, And tread down the stones which they have cast down. They will shout for their drink like wine. They will be like the bowls of a pot, As the horns of an altar on high.
They sought you, Yahweh, in the midst of trouble. Your border came on them, and they prayed to you with all their heart.
You have surrounded me with your wrath. You have destroyed me with your terror.
He went away from there, and found Elisha the son of Shaphat, who was a farmer, twelve of the oxen before him, and he himself reigned twelve of them. Elijah passed by, and spread his clothes on him.
Therefore send a present to Moleshat Gehennath; and the house of Achzib shall deal treacherously with the kings of Israel.
His father and his wife shall take him, and carry him out, and bring him to the elders of the city, to the gates of his place;
The gold, and the silver, and the brass, and the iron, and the very much shall not be numbered: arise, and do; Yahweh be with you.
I will surely bless you, and multiply you with children.
It isn't in heaven, so that you say, Who has gone up for us to heaven, to bring us here, that we may hear and do it?'
For the world has been created through the earth, but the world doesn't know this.
For you always have the poor with you, but I am not always with you.
Thus king Solomon made all the work of the house of Yahweh. Solomon brought in the things that David his father had dedicated, and put them in the treasures of the house of Yahweh, silver, and gold, and vessels.
I am telling you, what you shall do in the elders of Judah, that you may help them build the house of God, which is to be built out of the midst of the tax collectors' houses of the king's money, and that they not be unfaithful.
The trees said to the fig tree, Come, and reign over us.'
Therefore don't pray for this people, neither make supplication for them, nor make supplication for them; for I will not listen to you.
After them came up seven cattle, and they were feeble, and they were weak. I didn't see them all in the land of Egypt.
Balak said to Balaam, Don't curse them, neither bless them.
We worshiped day and night, twelve tribes, and hoped for it. For this hope, O king, I made a defense to the Jews.
He shall blossom, and be glad, and shall have joy, and shall sing; and the glory of Lebanon shall be his, and the beauty of Carmel and Sharon; and they shall see the glory of Yahweh, the beauty of our God.
The righteous has a well of defiling the spring of the waters, as he has trodden down before the wicked.
It will happen that, when this corruptible thing is cut off, and it dies, it will happen that, when it dies, the Scripture, which is written, will be fulfilled, that it will be swallowed up and swallowed up.
The righteous know how to overthrow the house of the wicked, And how to destroy the wicked.
The sons of Jacob, because he defiled Dinah their sister, answered Shechem and Hamor his father with the words of deceit. They said to them,
He planted their palaces, and turned their cities into desolations, because of the noise of his roaring; and all the land and all that was therein was desolate.
You shall bring him who curses to the camp, and cause those who hear him to lay his hand on his head; and all the congregation shall stone him to death with stones.
But the Pharisees, when they heard it, said, This man is but a Beelzebul prince who casts out demons.
I called my servant, and said, I can't answer him. Then I will ask him with my tongue.
What are you numbered? Why do you judge another? They stand, or fall, and their lord will watch over them. They will stand, for the Lord will help them.
You have made a snare for us. You have set a burden on us.
For Yahweh our God has brought us forth, and our fathers, out of the house of bondage which is in the land of Egypt, and has worked before our eyes great signs, and has preserved us in all our ways, and in every nation where we pass by.
Then I asked the angel who talked with me, What are these? He said to me, These are the horns which scattered Judah, Israel, and Jerusalem.
So all the children of Israel traveled: and Joseph commanded them by the commandment of Pharaoh to give their chariots and their food in the way.
They taught in Judah, and wrote in the book of the law of Yahweh, and went throughout all the cities of Judah, and taught the people.
He who has ears to hear, let him hear.
But let us write to them, saying, You shall not eat unclean things of the idol, nor have sexual immorality; neither shall you eat the things of the nimble, nor the blood.'
When Martha had finished speaking these words, she called Mary, her sister, and she said to her, The Teacher is come, and he is calling you.
For there he made the throne of judgment, the throne of the house of David.
You have abominable covenant with your servant. You have preserved his crown in the earth.
I will set a shepherd over them, and he shall feed them, even David my servant; and he shall feed them, and be their shepherd.
There came a man who fled, and told Abram the Hebrew, and Abram lived in the oak of Mamre the Amorite: and Mamre, Eshcol, and Aner were brothers, and had a covenant with Abram.
Now the rest of the acts of Omri, and his might that he shown, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
Alas, the light is in the gold! The purest is in the purest. The stone of the sanctuary is cast into the streets.
This stone is precious to those who believe. From those who don't believe, it is the stone which the builders rejected. It has become the cornerstone of the corner.
But if a woman has quietness, faith, love, and sanctification, she will be saved by the fruit of her womb.
You are full of the wisdom of the wicked. You shall be carried away captive with the judgment.
When they went to kill, I was left there. Then fell I down on my face, and cried with a loud voice, Ah Lord Yahweh! would you pour out the wrath of the children of Israel on Jerusalem?
Now, behold, the king whom you have chosen, behold, Yahweh has made a king over you.
Behold, a fire is come down out of the sky, and it has devoured the two captains of the army, even them fifty men: now therefore see my life as a precious treasure.
You shall lie down in the fold of rams like a coffer's wings of silver, and like gold in its gates.
If you go away, then you shall keep it as yourself; but if not, you shall make peace with them: neither shall a man leave his wife.
You, my son, will be called the Most High Prophet; For you will prepare his way for the Son of the Lord,
Jesus said to him, Go your way. Your faith has made you well. Immediately the blind will see, and will follow him.
When he opened one of the seven seals, I looked, and I heard one of the four living creatures, saying with thunder like the voice of a thunder, Come!
There was not a centurion in Jerusalem, but three kings.
He measured the east wind, and wall round about, five hundred in length, and five hundred in breadth, to discern between the holy and the common.
Yahweh made a covenant with them, and commanded them, saying, Don't fear other gods, neither bow down yourselves, neither serve them, nor sacrifice to them.
Moses cried to Yahweh, his God, and said, Why are you angry with your people, Yahweh, with great power and with the hand of great power, when you bring them out of the land of Egypt?
This is their divisions, that they may go into the house of Yahweh, according to the commandment of Aaron their father, which Yahweh, the God of Israel, commanded.
On the seventh day the priest shall examine the plague; and behold, if the itch hasn't spread, and the itch hasn't covered its hair, and its appearance isn't deeper than its skin;
Put on therefore the whole armor of God, that in the day of wickedness they may withstand the adversary, and stand up in the midst of the earth.
We saw there the Anakim, the firstborn of men, the firstborn of men: as we saw it, so we saw it, as locusts, so we saw it.
Then the scribes and the chief priests understood that this parable was against them, and they were afraid that they might put their hand into him, but they feared them.
When he came, he leaned on the authority of Satan, to do signs and wonders.
Flee, flee, and flee, you inhabitants of Hazor, and hide yourself secretly; for Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon has set a snare against you, and he has determined to strike you.
For this cause I will contend with you, says Yahweh, and will contend with your sons and with your daughters.
Are you still saying before those who kill you, I am God? For you are but man and not God in the hand of those who kill you.
but you shall cast away the young pigeons; and you shall go into captivity, and shall enjoy good and well-doing, and shall eat of the length of your days.
Yahweh said to the men of Judah and to Jerusalem, Open your land, and don't sow in thorns.
On the second day the king said to Esther in the banquet of wine, What is it that you have called Esther the queen? I will give it to you. What is it that you ask for? Half of the kingdom will be established.
The king of Israel said, Alas, Yahweh has gathered these three kings to deliver them into the hand of Moab.
Yahweh has chastened me with his mind, But he will not deliver me up to death.
He who sows in the field shall be satisfied with bread, But he who winks in the furrow shall be void of knowledge.
There are some who are highly high in eyes, and have high eyes.
It happened on the sixth day, that they gathered double in number, and they took two omers: and all the chiefs of the congregation came and told Moses.
You shall not offer any other incense on it, neither shall you offer burnt offerings or meal offerings, nor drink incense on it.
For those days will be a great calamity, which has not been since the foundation of the world, and will be no more.
Your loving kindness is full of the earth, Yahweh. Teach me your statutes.
So Boaz took Ruth, and took her, and went in to her; and Yahweh gave her a son in the womb.
But a man who is born has trouble like a green fiery cup.
It happened, when ten of his disciples were sitting and eating, that he appeared to them, rebuking their unbelief and hard heart, because they didn't believe the words which those who saw Jesus raised up.
Wealth and honor are from you, and you have rule over all. Strength and strength are in your hand, and great honor and power are in your hand.
Now this is what I said to you, brothers, by the ordinance of my mother-in-law and of Apollos, that you may learn from us what this saying is written, and not exalt yourself, nor despise anything in the midst of you.
Because you are angry with me, and because your proud words have come to my ears, then will I deliver my hook into your nose, and my bridle into your mouth, and I will cause you to return from the way.
For I say this, that you may be free from the deceit of the law.
You have brought the tribe of Levi near, and stood before Aaron the priest to minister to it.
He shall take of the meal offering of it a handful, and oil, and all the frankincense that is in the meal offering, and burn it on the altar for a memorial, and shall offer it for a sweet savor to Yahweh.
Then I weighed to their hands six hundred talents of silver, and one hundred talents of silver, and one hundred talents of gold;
If he steals anything, whether it be ox or donkey, or sheep, and lives in his hand, then he shall pay double.
Behold, Hanamel your son, the son of Shallum, your uncle, shall come to you, and shall say, I will buy you in the field of Anathoth: for the atonement is on you, and you shall buy it.
It happened, when they came out, that the Egyptians rejoiced greatly, because the Egyptians had feared them.
For you say, I am rich, and I have brought forth nothing.' Yet you don't know that you yourselves mourn, and have pity, and have poor, and have blindness.
They asked him, What must we do, that we should complete the work of God?
The people honored me with their lips, but their heart was far from me.
He said to the king, I have heard your words and your wisdom in my own country, and they are truth.
Know therefore, that you shall die by the sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence, in the land where you go to sojourn.
Thus says Yahweh: Don't remember the former things, neither consider the former things.
They have hair like a woman's hair, And a lion's-in-law.
Send letters to all the captivity, saying, Because I have not sent Shemaiah of Nehelam, because Shemaiah has spoken to you, and he has made you trust in lies;
For everyone who lies down sleeps by night, and everyone who is drunken by night.
You have hid them from the counsel of a man in your sight: you have kept them secret in the veil, that they may not be shorn.
Yahweh, have you utterly forsaken Judah? have your heart abhorred Zion? why have you struck us, and made us not to be healed? we looked for peace, and there was no blessing: we looked for healing, and we didn't consider it to be afraid.
He said to them, Most assuredly I tell you, you will see the heavens opened, and the angels of God are ascending on the Son of Man.
Philip and Bartholomew; Thomas and the tax collectors; James and Taltai, sons of Alphaeus;
Joseph put them all in the prison three days.
The wall of the city was great and high; and the wall of the city was twelve gates: and the doors of the city were twelve angels watching; and every gate of the city was twelve tribes of the children of Israel.
Therefore I abhor myself, And repent between the dust and the ashes.
Therefore hear the word of Yahweh, you deceitful men who dwell in Jerusalem, who rule over the inhabitants of it.
Yahweh sold them into the hand of Jabin king of Canaan, into the hand of Hazor; and the captain of his army was Sisera; and he lived in Harosheth of the Gentiles.
The appearance of the locust is like the appearance of a horse which is ready to go out; and on the head of it are crowns of gold: their faces are like the face of a man.
He keeps every man's hands open. He gives knowledge of his works to all those who he has made.
Therefore thus says the Lord Yahweh: Behold, I will pour out my wrath and my wrath on this place, the fruit of man and of animal, and of the tree of the field, and of the fruit of the ground, as the fire burns.
neither consider it, nor consider it, that he should be put to death for all, lest he destroy the whole nation.
When he had said this, he took bread, and gave thanks to God before all the people, and broke bread, and ate.
Show me your ways, Yahweh. Lead me in the path of my enemies.
The sun will be darkened in the great and glorious day of the Lord. The moon will be reddish as blood.
My beloved is mine. I am his. He feeds his flock in the lily.
A certain one of them, named Agabo, stood up, and prophesied in the Holy Spirit, that there would be a great famine in the whole world. This was so in the days of Claudius.
All these things are heard, that the last things are to fear God, to keep his commandments. This is the custom of a man.
Then the king commanded, and they took all their wives, and cast them into the den of lions; and before they came into the den of lions, the lion leaped to them, and took their bones out of their mouth.
He shall take the fat of the ram, and the tail of the fat tail, and the cover of the grain, and the cover of the liver, and the two kidneys, and the fat that is on the kidney, and the right thigh. This is the offering of the holy consecration.
Because of the multitude of witnesses, who have surrounded us like a cloud, let's announce all our errors, and make known to us our half our sins, and make us tremble before us.
Won't they possess it? Won't they divide the spoil? Didn't they divide every man his two daughters? So Sisera divided the garment of the embroiderer, and the embroiderer's embroiderer's garments, and the two faces were of the embroiderer's crimson, to put it to his neck, and to make the spoil.
The old man's ordinances are broken, because he has no strength and no power.
So the men of Israel who were beyond the Jordan on the other side of the valley, when they saw that Israel was fled, Saul and his sons died, and they forsook the cities. The Philistines lived there.
therefore give you wisdom and understanding, and I will give you wealth, wealth, and honor: there shall be none like it among the kings before you; neither shall there be any more like it after you.
If Satan himself is divided against himself, why does his kingdom stand? You say that I cast out demons in Beelzebul,
The princes said to them, Let them live. So they made the congregation a potter, and a hired workman, as the princes had said to them.
A man's wealth will redeem him alive, But the poor will not fear the terror.
Let your house also take this woman from Yahweh, that she shall give to your seed, as Tamar bore to the house of Perez, Judah.
Of the chiefs of the thirty, three went down to the rock to David to the cave at Adullam: and the army of the Philistines encamped in the valley of Rephaim.
and he who stands before Yahweh our God this day, and before us this day, and he who is not with us this day;
This is the commandment of those who watch, and the commandment of those who sanctify, that they may first know, and the kingdom of the Most High, according to their own will; and that whoever gives kingdoms may also make them lords.
Before he goes up to the high places to eat, you shall enter into the city and meet him; for if he had not yet come, and the people had not first eaten, until he had first blessed him, and afterwards the guests who were invited shall eat. Now therefore come, and you shall find him at this time.
having no conscience, keeping no covenant, having no kinsman, and having no mercy.
A fire went forth from before Yahweh, and burnt burnt burnt offerings on the altar, and oil; and when all the people saw it, they shouted aloud, and fell on their faces.
The earth shall not fail forever, for it is my land. You are foreigners and foreigners before me.
The slain shall fall in the land of the Chaldeans; and the slain shall fall in the street.
Achish said, What is the land to you this day? David said, The south wind of Judah, and the south wind of the Elamerites, and the south wind of the Kenites.
You shall know the mystery of your wisdom, and the wisdom of all things; and you shall know that Yahweh will not forget your iniquity.
The children of Israel called this manna, as a bear, and as a honeycomb, and as a white, and as a perfumer of honey, so were they.
Then came all the wise men of the king in whose sight they could not read the writing, nor show the interpretation to the king.
and said to them, This people has said to me, Take our yoke, and put it on us, and make us lighter.' What counsel give you that we should return answer?
He breaks in pieces the counsel of the nobles, So that they can't prosper in the work of their hands.
You shall take stones of another kind instead of the stones, and you shall anoint the house with the clay.
Yahweh said to Moses, The princes shall offer the offering; and they shall offer every man his offering in his day.
But don't do to her the thing that the daughter shall not do to her; for she shall not die, as a man goes against his neighbor, and kills him in the same way.
Behold, Yahweh sends a commandment, and strike the great house with his mouth, and strike the little house, and let it be broken.
You shall wash your flesh, and anoint your oil, and change your garments, and go down to the threshing floor: but you shall not cause that man to judge you. When he has eaten,
I will bear the wrath of Yahweh; for I have sinned against him, until he has pleaded my cause, and has judged me; and he will bring me forth to light, and I will see his righteousness.
Then the prophet took the dead body of the man of God, and laid it on the donkey, and brought it to the old city of the prophet, to lament it, and to bury it.
The gift of love endures forever, but those who speak the word will be no more, and the knowledge will be no more.
His children are far from safety. They are oppressed in the gate, and there is no one to deliver them.
Moreover all the violence that you have done to Lebanon, and all the animals that are done against it, shall cover you; because you have killed men, and because you have covered the cities of the land, and because you have covered them with violence who dwell in them.
Better is the one who is filled, and he who is hired to eat, and he who is hungry, and he who is barren, and he who bears seven sons, and he who has many sons, but is feeble.
Who is better than you? Fall down, and lie down with the uncircumcised!
Others fell into the thorns, and the thorns grew up, and choked them.
The trees said to the vine, Come, and reign over us.'
It happened on that day, when Yahweh was angry, that he swore, saying,
Yahweh said to Moses, Behold, you shall lie down with your fathers; and this people shall rise up, and play the prostitute, and shall play the prostitute after the foreign gods which he shall go in to dwell there, and shall depart from me, and break my covenant with him.
saying, Truly the Lord has risen, and has appeared to Simon.
Then Micaiah spoke to them all the words that he had heard, which Baruch had read to the people in the book which he had heard.
When he arises, his kingdom shall be divided toward the four quarters of the sky, and shall not be joined to his seed, neither shall it be like the height of his former estate: for his kingdom shall be plucked up to another man, besides his seed.
The first covenant also was for the worshippers, and for the house of the world.
I have made their mouths to speak praise; peace and prosperity to those who are far off, and to those who are near; I will heal them also, says Yahweh.
Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces who were in the field, came to Mizpah to Gedaliah, and said to him,
Who is like Yahweh in the heavens, And like Yahweh in the mighty ones?
Therefore will I choose to lead them astray, and cause their terror to come on them; for I have called, and there is none to answer: I have spoken, but they will not listen; but they have done that which is evil in my sight, and have chosen that which I have not rejoiced.
Now I beg you, brothers, remember that you were called, and that according to the flesh you were not wise, neither were there any man who had power, neither were there any man who was joined to one another.
and he brought the crown of the queen Vashti before the king, and showed the people and his servants the beauty of it; for it was beautiful in his sight.
The man looked steadfastly at him, and didn't speak, that he might know the way of Yahweh which he had given him.
The king of Babylon killed his sons in Zedekiah's sight, and killed all the princes of Judah in Riblah.
He wrote on his forehead a certain secret name, the mother of the great Babylon, the lewdness of the earth, and the abominations of it.
Depart from the cities, you who dwell in Moab, and dwell in the rock, as the turtledove is by the open field.
All the commandment of the God of heaven shall be for the house of the God of heaven to be kissed. Why should the wrath come on the king, and on the king's sons?
So the king sent horses, and chariots, and a great army: and they came and besieged the city by night.
As the lilies in the thorns, So is my desire among the daughters.
But if they don't listen, then will I drive them out of the land, and drive them out, and destroy them, says Yahweh.
Don't you say, How is it that the days of old exceed the days of gold? For you ask no wisdom.
Violence and violence are the rod of evildoers; for they are dead, and all their multitudes are dead, and their treasures are destroyed, and none of them is exalted among them.
In that day there shall be vineyards of good wine, which you shall sing in the same garden, saying,
There shall be a man in the sight of the priest, who shall burn a female bull, his skin, his flesh, his blood, and his dung.
Now therefore, when we come to the mouth of Yahweh our God, what he says, whether it is good or bad, we will obey his voice; and when we listen to the voice of Yahweh our God, we will prosper.
Saul fought against the Philistines in the valley of Elah, and against the three brothers of David, and against all Israel.
Ahab said to Elijah, Shall you seek me, my enemy? He said, I have found you; for you have sold yourself to do that which is evil in the sight of Yahweh.
Ephraim said, Surely I am rich, and have found riches. I have found no unrighteousness in my labor, but sin.
Yahweh your God delivered it up to you; and you shall utterly kill the men of it with the edge of the sword.
Therefore thus says the Lord Yahweh: Because you are all become dross, behold, I will gather you together in Jerusalem.
But after I have risen, I will go before you into Galilee.
It happened in the morning, that the men of Ashdod rose up, and saw, and behold, they fell down together before the ark of God, and fell on their faces to the ground; and they set the frogs in its place.
For Yahweh rebukes those whom he loves, Like the children whom his father rebukes.
The people were praying to him, and they supposed that he was not the Christ.
The high priests who are in Judea shall bring in the blood of the ox and of the sheep into the sanctuary year by year. He shall not offer himself again once more.
After Elon there were Pilates, Abdon the son of Heliat, judges over Israel.
Whoever touches his goods shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the evening.
Joshua said, Put away now all the foreign gods that are among you, that your heart may return to Yahweh, the God of Israel.
Reuben, and Gad, and Asher, and Zebulun, and Dan, and Naphtali, the tribes, shall stand and curse on Mount Ebal.
If his seed has forsaken my law, And doesn't keep my ordinances;
They buried the king of Uzziah, and said to him, Uzziah, they have burned incense to Yahweh, which is not yours: it is the thing of the sons of Aaron the priest, and they have been consecrated to burn incense: depart from the temple, because you have sinned: you have done this thing, and Yahweh God has not glorified you.
and the face of it shines like a javelin and a javelin. The throne was laid around it, and it looked up like a javelin.
Moses and Aaron returned to Pharaoh, and spoke to Pharaoh, saying, Go, serve Yahweh your God; but who are these who seek to go?
For he weighs their deeds. He overthrew them in the night, and they perish.
But when the Jews saw that they were many, they were filled with envy, and insulted Paul's word, and blasphemed him.
Salvation and cursing proceed out of one mouth. No one is worthy of it, my beloved.
As for you, it is nothing better for a man to take it in your letter than for you to take it out of his mouth.
Rejoice, you daughter of Zion, for Yahweh your God's sake; for he has given you the spring rain for your rains, both the spears and the former rains.
Please teach me, and I will hold my peace. I will understand in what things I have erred.
David said to Michal, It is before Yahweh; for he has chosen me to be a prince over your father and over all his house, to be prince over the house of Yahweh, over Israel: therefore will I dance before Yahweh.
Open your mouth for the mute, And plead justice for the helpless.
It happened afterward, that she bore a son, and named him Samson. Yahweh blessed the child, and blessed him.
They envied Moses and Aaron, who were holy to Yahweh, in the camp.
Behold, I have called Bezalel the son of Uri, the son of Hur, of the tribe of Judah, by name alone.
Jacob said to Rebekah his mother, But my brother Esau had a door, and my shoe was a light.
Then Solomon gathered together the elders of Israel, and the princes of the tribes, and the heads of the fathers' houses of Israel, to Jerusalem, to bring here the ark of the covenant of Yahweh out of the city of David, which is Zion.
It happened in the days of Solomon, that they lived from Dan even to the Jews of Beersheba, and from Israel, every man under his vine, and every man under his fig tree.
Jesus didn't answer him, but his disciples came to him, and said, Run him, for he has cried out before us.
and I will be with you a little while, and will be with you in the winter; so that wherever I come down, you may send me away.
A man who is proud, and doesn't obey your law, A man who digs a pit against me.
There came forth another red horse, and a scepter was given to him who sat on the horse, to remove peace from the earth, and to kill one another; and he had received a great scepter.
Therefore I make you to be despised and to be despised; because you have not walked in my ways, but have dealt perversely with men in the law.
Though they know God, yet don't respect him, neither do they give thanks to him. Their thoughts are foolishness, and the imagination of their hearts is full of darkness.
God, who subdues all men under my feet for my cause's sake.
He will set his wings on you. You will hide yourself in his wings. His truth is a great shield.
In the fifth month, in the fifth month, a man shall seek death, but he shall not die; he shall not die.
When the prophet prophesied peaceably, the words of that prophet were fulfilled, he perceived that the prophet was indeed the messenger of Yahweh.
Samson lay at midnight, and rose up at midnight, and took up the doors of the gate, and the two doors, and the bars, and broke them down; and he put them on his shoulder, and brought them up to the top of the hill that is on Hebron.
Your body shall be food for the birds of the sky, and for the animals of the earth; and none shall frighten them away.
Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard, Nebuzabbath the chief of the eunuchs, Nekathzath the chief of the magicians, and the rulers of the king of Babylon;
He looked at them, and said to them, How hard it is for the rich to enter into the Kingdom of God!
Therefore gird your waist with sackcloth, and cry with a loud voice; for the wrath of Yahweh shall not return from us.
It happened, as he returned the second time, that Joseph sent out his brother. Therefore Pharaoh knew Joseph's family.
They said to him, Why did you say this, that it was born to blind children?
If it is a wall, then we will build it for silver on it. If it is a gate, We will surround it with cedar.
They also ruled over those who did the yoke, and over all those who did the work, and did whatever they did: and the Levites were scribes, and officers, and keepers of the threshold.
Truly Hanamel the son of my uncle came to me in the court of the guard, as Yahweh spoke to him, and said to me, Buy you the field of Anathoth, that is in the land of Benjamin; for on you are the inheritance and the redemption: buy you that which is yours. I knew that it is the word of Yahweh.
David said, It is good that I make a covenant with you. But I will require a thing of you, that you come to my face, if you don't bring Michal, Saul's daughter, into my face.
Preserve my strength with cakes of grapes, And strengthen my soul with flatteries; For I am sick for love.
Their widows are multiplied before me more than the sand of the sea; and I have brought about the slaughter, and have struck the mother of the young men, and made them to bereaved, and trembling has come on them suddenly.
The upper chamber is better than the upper chamber, because the porch of the tower covers the land; and it is more right than the middle chamber.
Then the priests the Levites arose, and blessed the people; and their voice was heard by Yahweh; and their prayer came to his sanctuary, which he had lived in heaven.
Noah became the father of three sons, Shem, Ham, and Japheth.
My mouth shall speak praise to Yahweh. Let all flesh praise his holy name forever.
Wisdom is better than rubies, But there is nothing like her that a man desires.
He made the axe, and overthrew it with coals of fire, and struck it with the rod, and struck it with a strong hand, so that it was hungry without strength; and it didn't drink water, and became weary.
Gebal, and Amon, and Amalek, and Philistia, and the inhabitants of Tyre;
All these things you have hid in your heart. I know that you have this mind.
Yahweh spoke to Joshua the son of Nun, saying, Be strong and of good courage; for you will bring the children of Israel into the land which I swore to them, and I will be with you.
Turn you, and don't be unrighteous. Turn, and my righteousness is still alive.
Depart from the cities that are far off, and not from the cities of the nations, so shall you do to them.
They took the donkey, and gave him his cloak, and spread it on the donkey, and raised him up.
When they came to the city of Nazareth, they lived there, to confirm what God spoke to the prophets, to be called the Nazarenes.
that we may serve him with our burnt offerings, and with our peace offerings, and with other sacrifices, both for you, and for us, and for our generations, before Yahweh, that your children may say to our children after this day, You have no portion in Yahweh.
Delilah said to her, Why do you love me, because you didn't remain in me? Three times did you lie to me, and didn't tell me where your strength was.
As for me, Yahweh will stand firm in his word to me. Your loving kindness, Yahweh, will be forever. Don't forsake the work of your hands.
You shall hear what they have said. After that you shall go down into the camp. Gideon went down with his servant Pholah to the camp, and brought the men who were armed by him.
But they are like Adam's covenant. There they have dealt treacherously toward me.
It was told Joab, saying, Behold, the king weeps and mourns for Absalom.
I will wash away all their transgressions from me, And I will forgive all their transgressions from me, And my transgressions from me.
but to Caleb the son of Jephunneh was the field of the city, and the towns of it.
Woe to him who lies on his bed for sin, and to the workers of iniquity, until the morning light; for the hand is strong to do it!
When he had made an end of speaking, he proclaimed a conspiracy.
Yahweh was angry with Uzza; and Yahweh struck him there because of his error: and he died there by the ark of Yahweh.
For who can please me, if I afflict you with sorrow, but you who have sorrows?
He and his disciples were invited to the marriage feast.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Jeremiah spoke to all the people, and made mention of all the words of Yahweh their God, which Yahweh their God had sent to him.
It happened in the morning, that the morning was about to go to meet Saul. It was told Samuel that Saul was come to Carmel, and was standing there stone, and turned back, and went down to Gilgal.
They said, No, but tell us. Jehu answered, Thus says he to me. He said, Thus says Yahweh, I have anointed you king over Israel.
When they had eaten a long time, Paul stood among them, and said, If you had listened to me, and had not opened your eyes to depart from Crete, you would not have found this to happen.
Then you shall call on me, and you shall go and pray to me; and I will hear you.
Jacob blessed his two sons, when he believed, and when he was about to die, he bowed his knees, and worshiped God.
It shall happen, when you shall hear these ordinances, and observe to do them, that Yahweh your God shall do according to all that he swore to your fathers, and according to all your loving kindnesses.
that they may possess the remnant of Edom, and possess the nations that are called by my name, which Yahweh of Armies has spoken concerning this matter.
It happened, when Ahaziah king of Judah saw it, that he fled by the way of the house of the garden; and Jehu pursued after him, and said, Kill him also in the chariot's house: and he came near to Ibleam, and went up to the hill country of Mizpah, and struck him; and he fled to Megiddo, and died there.
For Yahweh will pass through, and will strike the Egyptians, and he will see the blood in the lintel and in the other doorpost; and Yahweh will pass through the gate, and will not destroy the life in your house, but will strike you.
For my enemies shall not boast in me, but I know that you delight in me.
As it happened on the seventh day, there was a place where it was said, God rested on the seventh day from all his work.
Immediately one of them ran, and filling the sea, and tied the reeds to him, and brought them to him.
I have heard the cry of the children of Israel, that they are subject to forced labor, even the Egyptians; and I will remember my covenant.
But the voice that came to him from heaven the second time, saying, You shall not defile that which God has cleansed.'
Jesus turned and said to Peter, Get out of here, Satan! You are my stumbling block. You aren't God's, but man's.
All of us have fallen into the ground. I heard a voice saying to me in the Hebrew language, Saul, Saul, why do you persecute me? Thus have you done, as an ox with a vulture that has a thorn in his feet, which is love for himself.
The help of Egypt is vain. Therefore I call him Rahab, who can't be satraps.
Heaven and earth will pass away, but my words will in no way pass away.
Pharaoh said to Joseph, I am Pharaoh. If you will not raise your voice in all the land of Egypt, you will not allow a man to shake his hand sore.
Therefore prophesy against them all these words, and speak against them, saying, Yahweh will cry out of the midst of it, and will cry out of his sanctuary, and will cry out to his flock; and he will cry out of all the inhabitants of the earth, as one who treads in the midst of the vine.
Let your enemies know your name. Let the nations tremble before you.
He opened a head between the two walls, and put it into the pool. But you didn't hope to make it, neither did you consider that it had been ordained, but that you would establish it.
But if you go, and set your table before you, don't ask it for the sake of conscience.
After Ibzan Elon the Zebulun judged Israel, and judged Israel ten years.
It happened in the seventh year, that Jehoiada sent, and brought them into the house of Yahweh, to the house of the house of the house of Carib, to meet him, and made a covenant with them, that they should swear in the house of Yahweh, and show them the king's son.
If a man entices his wife before she is slain, he shall take her for a wife.
The king answered the people roughly; and the king of Rehoboam left the counsel of the old men,
You shall make a lamentation for the princes of Israel.
When shall it be, when you shall fight against men, and destroy him as the wall of the chariot that is broken down, or as the wall that is to fall?
Will I then ask, will Israel fall, will they not rise? May it never be! For their transgressions have taken hold of them, and their salvation has come on the nations, but their jealousy has stirred them up.
The gates of Judah were broken in pieces. In that day you visited the armory of the army.
Yahweh said to Moses, You have made a fiery serpent, and spread it on the top of the scepter; and everyone who makes any of it shall see it, and it shall live.
Those who kept him mocked him, and flogged him.
In the days of the wandering of Israel, the Levites are far from me, going astray from following their idols; and they shall bear their iniquity.
All men trembled at the mouth of Ephraim, who lived on high in Israel: but he sinned in Baal, and died.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
then you shall take five shekels, everyone according to the shekel of the sanctuary; (the shekel is twenty gerahs;)
Eliakim the son of Hilkiah, and Shebna and Joah, spoke to Rabshakeh, saying, Please speak in the Syrian language, and in the speech of your servants; for we have heard it: don't speak in the Jews' language, that the people of the land may hear it.
The Pharisees went out of the synagogue, and immediately the men of Herod conspired together to see how they might put him to death.
I thank you, God of my fathers, and I praise you, for you have given me understanding and understanding. Now therefore show us what we have asked of you; for you have shown us the king.
The anointed priest shall take some of the blood of the bull, and bring it to the Tent of Meeting.
When a man was buried dead, and saw the multitude of the people, he cast the dead into the tomb of Elisha; and the dead fell on the bones of Elisha; and he rose up.
He saved us, not for our good, but for his mercy, through the baptism of his firstborn, and through the newness of his Spirit.
Yahweh is my rock and my fortress, My salvation.
So he placed the people, even the army that was on the north side, and the men who were in the west quarter: and Joshua went in that night into the valley.
When he opened the second seal, I heard the second living creature saying, Come!
Now Azariah the son of Nathan was captain of the guard; and Zabub the son of Nathan was priest; and he was king's friend.
He who curses his father or his mother, His lamp shall be put out in a very dark place.
The messengers came and said, This is what Ben Hadad says: I sent to you, that you would give me your silver, and your gold, and your wives, and your sons, and your daughters.
For the head of the porters was the charge of all the Levites, that they should rule over the tents and the treasures of the house of Yahweh.
Yet you teach me, God, from my youth. I tell of your wondrous works.
The Lord gave a word to the house of Jacob, and the word came to the house of Israel.
Daniel said to the king, Long live the king.
You have made my foot to be large. My feet have not trodden away.
It shall be, when you have taken it, that you shall burn it with fire, according to the word of Yahweh: and behold, it is that which I command you.
I am wandering like a sheep which is lost. Seek your servant, and come again, for I don't forget your commandments.
Then the king commanded Elamel king of the land, and Seraiah the son of Asriel, and Shelemiah the son of Abder, to go and take Baruch and Jeremiah the prophet captives; but Yahweh clothed them.
I will give you thanks day and night, And will praise your name forever and ever.
I also opened my garment, and said, God do so to him who doesn't do this, and to him who opens it, and departs from his house, and from his house, even let him do this thing to nothing. All the assembly said, Amen, and blessed Yahweh. The people did it.
Whoever seeks to preserve his life will lose it, and whoever loses his life will preserve his life.
I was a preacher, and I reigned over Israel in Jerusalem.
and the king, and the king's son, and those who sat on the throne of David, with their kings, and with the men of Judah, and with the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and with their chariots, and with their horsemen, and with them, shall enter into the gate, and the city shall be for ever.
When his relatives heard it, they went out to arrest him; for some said that his spirit was lost.
You, God of Israel, be faithful to your servant David my father, that you speak.
All the ends of the earth shall hope that I will be saved; for I am Yahweh, and there is none else.
Peter answered him, Lord, if it be you, command me to come to you with water.
He who teaches wisdom will be wiser, but he who shows the righteous will be wiser.
But if Yahweh has done a new work, and has opened the earth to them, and has swallowed them up, and all that is theirs, to cause them to live in Sheol, then shall you know that these men defy Yahweh.
My hand is taken of the treasures of the nations, like the birds which are taken away; and I have gotten all the land, like the birds which are left over; there is no winged bird, there is no open mouth, there is none to call.
Don't fret because of evil-doers. Don't love the wicked.
You don't know the way in which the wind passes; neither do you know how the bones are spread out in the womb; neither do you know what God of many works he has done.
He said to his disciples, If anyone desires to follow me, let him leave himself, and take up his cross, and follow me.
For he who is praiseworthy indeed is not exalted, but he whom the Lord praises.
Many followed him, for they saw his signs, which he healed.
I will scatter them among the nations, the nations which they have not known, they and their fathers, and I will send the sword after them, until I have utterly destroyed them.
The priests shall make atonement for the congregation of the children of Israel, and they shall be forgiven; for they are ungodliness; and they bring their offering before Yahweh, even their offerings made by fire, and their sin offerings.
Some of the scribes sat there, and they reasoned in their hearts, saying,
There shall be no prostitute among the house of Israel: there shall be no snare among the house of Israel.
It happened on the third day, that Abraham lifted up his eyes, and saw the place afar off.
His lord said to him, Well done, good servant; and now ten cities are under your power, since you have been faithful in this little matter.'
Consider therefore your ways, and don't be ignorant, but be wise.
The word that Yahweh spoke by Jeremiah the prophet concerning Babylon, and concerning the land of the Chaldeans, saying,
My great heart is dismayed. How long, Yahweh, will you save me?
I took a little bread, and made you drink it, and went on. But when you came to us, receive your servants' service. They said, Do what you say.
Why do you stand far off, Yahweh? Why don't you hold your peace at our troubles?
Paul chose Silas, and departed, and the brothers committed them to the grace of the Lord.
John said to him, Rabbi, we have seen a man casting out demons in your name. We have stopped him, because he doesn't follow us.
For concerning them Yahweh has said, They shall surely die in the wilderness; therefore there shall not one of them remain, save Caleb the son of Jephunneh, and Joshua the son of Nun.
It happened, when they had made an end of making an end, that they laid hold on the money which they had gotten, and brought it to the apostles.
So what wife will this woman be to them in the resurrection? For the seven had her as wife.
He gave six branches of it, and three branches of it on one side, and three branches of it on the other side;
The angel of Yahweh didn't appear any more to Manoah, and to his wife; but Manoah knew that he was the angel of Yahweh.
You gave them tears for food. You gave them many tears to drink.
I will not be afraid of evil in the day of my back nor of my back.
Cry aloud in the inhabitants of Carmel! Listen, you donkeys! Abaddon, you afflicted!
Don't let your heart be filled with anger, For indignation is the heart of fools.
He took the gold, and the silver, and the vessels, and the treasures of the house of Obed-Edom, which he had kept, and the treasures of the king's house; and they became officers, and returned to Samaria.
It happened after these things, that this woman, the master of the house, was sick of her son's disease, so that she had no blemish.
The elders of the assembly are like God's stewards. Don't be proud. Don't be angry. Don't be angry with drunkenness. Don't be angry. Don't be arrogant. Don't be greedy for dishonest gain.
The oxen of Abram, and the silver, and the abundance of gold,
A hated man stirs up strife, And love covers all disobedience.
Our bones are scattered by the side of the grave, as one turns away the dust from the ground.
A great multitude followed him, and some of them wept for him.
In the days of their anger, In the days of their life, they swallowed us up.
The locusts came up throughout all the land of Egypt, and lodged round about Egypt, and were far away: and there was no locust after them, neither shall there be any more.
He who gives to the poor doesn't lack, But he who doesn't see will be cursed.
If you sit with the captain of the guard, set your mind on him who is before you.
He shall make a high priest among his brothers, and shall pour an anointing oil on his head, and shall put on his holy things, and shall put on his holy garments; he shall not break the hair of his head, nor tear his clothes.
For all know your obedience. Therefore I rejoice over you. But I desire that you be wise from the good work, and from the evil work.
I command you before God, and Christ Jesus, and the chosen angels, that you observe these things, and not that you have turned aside, but that you should do them no more.
Thus they feared Yahweh, and made men of the multitude to be priests to the high places, and sacrificed them in the high places.
Now this is righteousness in the sight of God, to the end of the ages forever and ever.
But whatever you do, be wise in your own conceits. When you teach, be self-controlled,
You shall do the flesh of the ram that is offered for the consecration, and you shall do it in a holy place.
Surely I know this; for how then is it righteousness to a man before God?
For all that is done is evil, and all that is hidden, and all that is done is evil; and God will judge.
He reigned seven years in Hebron, and six months: and he reigned over all Israel and over Judah in Jerusalem thirty-three years.
Why then will you die, you and your people, because of the sword, because of the famine, and because of the pestilence, according to the word of Yahweh, that he will not serve the kingdom of the king of Babylon?
It shall be, when I am in Troas, in the outer garments of their mother's house, that you shall bring them with you, and bring them with you, even the flocks of rams.
Then you said, What does God know? Shall he see the judgment of darkness?
Six days shall you labor, and do all your work;
Awake, awake, Jerusalem, and sit down, you captivity of Zion, and loosen your neck.
From this day forth will I make all the peoples of the earth to hear your fame, and I will fear you and you, and will tremble and tremble because of you.
The famine came in the seven years. As Joseph had said, there was famine in all lands; but all the land of Egypt had bread.
and a great eagle, and a great molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten molten
He took two chariots and horses; and the king sent after the army of the Syrians, saying, Go and see.
A fool's labor makes him faint, For he doesn't know the way into the city.
You shall make a pomegranate of blue, purple, and scarlet, all around the robe, and shall have a golden bell between the pomegranates.
The glory of God is in this city. The light of the city is like precious stones, like chastening, like the shining of waters.
whom Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon didn't take, when he took Jeconiah the son of Jehoiakim king of Judah, and the nobles of Jerusalem who were in Judah, from Jerusalem even to Babylon.)
If anyone confesses that he is of Christ, let him also consider that he is of Christ, and we are of Christ.
While the husband lives, let her be bound. If the husband dies, he will be free from those who desire him, but will be given to those who believe.
You have kept the covenant, which you promised to your servant, my father David: your mouth speaks with your hands to establish it, as it is this day.
for the two networks, four hundred pomegranates; two pomegranates for the one network, to compass the two capitals that were on the top of the pillars;
that through faith you may be preserved by the power of God, that it may be prepared before the end of this age for salvation.
Rehum the governor, and Shimshai the scribe, to appoint Jerusalem; and as in Artaxerxes the king, so do they:
Prepare also the place that I shall dwell in; for I hope that God will hear your prayer, that I may come to you.
When you prepare your table to be invited, ask for the poor, the sick, the blind,
What will you do when you are down? If you are clothed with scarlet, and deck yourself with gold, and use the scarlet to speak to your eyes, show yourself beautiful and empty. Your love has despised you, and sought your life.
For God has set us in order a more excellent counsel, but the will of God is that these may be perfected with us.
When he had washed them, he clothed them, and sat down, and said to them, Do you understand what I do to you?
These are the livestock which you may eat: oxen, sheep, goats,
The proud have kept silence and snares secretly for me. Seth has snared me to do mischief by the way. Selah.
I saw the holy city, Jerusalem, which is the new, coming down from God from heaven, like a bride, ready to meet the bridegroom.
Will he judge with great power me? He doesn't discipline me. He will listen to me.
It shall be the seventh year, that the land shall keep its sabbaths, even its sabbaths which are kept by Yahweh; it shall not sow your land, nor gather your vineyard.
But you are like water, and can't stand your head. For you have uncovered the bed of your father. You have defiled my bed.
My days are ended. My counsel and my mind are consumed.
The city was laid waste, and the gates of it were destroyed.
The chief priests and the chiefs brought him to judgment, and crucified him.
The words of the wise men are as thorns, And their bindings are like a pin's pint. They are all of one shepherd.
Now I know that Yahweh has delivered his anointed, and will hear him from his holy heavens, and will save him with the strength of his right hand.
No one will see you fasting, but the Father will see you. So the Father who keeps watch will reward you.
Yahweh is near with those who fear him. He will show them his covenant.
that the Good News of peace might be preached to all, which has separated you from the Gentiles who are far from God, and from the Jews who come near to God.
if your heart be merry with the hungry, and the afflicted be satisfied; then your light shall be revealed in the darkness; and your darkness shall be made as the sun in the midst of it.
If a prophet dreams to speak of his dream, and he receives my word, let him declare my words in truth. How is it that he is like chaff and wheat? says Yahweh.
Jehu said, Cast her down. They brought her down, and she poured out her blood on the wall and on the horses, and trod down with their feet.
The king said to him, Go in peace. Absalom arose, and went in Hebron.
Don't rejoice over me, my enemies. Though I fall, I will rise again. I sit in darkness, Yahweh is my light.
The breastplate is an archangel. It is a plumb line. The length of it is a heap. The breadth of it is a heap. It is a heap.
Your throne shall be established long ago. You shall be established forever.
Of Shemaiah the Nehelamite you shall say,
and said to them, Go into the village that is opposite you, and it will happen, when you go into it, that you will find a donkey tied there, which hasn't yet come up; and you will untie him, and bring him here.
Is it lawful for him who hates justice? Or is it lawful for you to condemn the righteous and mighty God?
The chiefs brought the red horses, and the stones that were on other kinds of stones, to give on the ephod and on the breastplate.
It shall come to pass, says Yahweh, that I will raise up to David the righteous branch; and he shall reign over it, and shall do wisely, and shall do justice and righteousness on the earth.
Yahweh has opened his armor, and he has lifted up his wrath: for the Lord, Yahweh of Armies, will bring it forth in the land of the Chaldeans.
The terrors have come on me. They have driven away my glory like a wind. My prosperity passes over like a cloud.
He said to them, On the Sabbath day is a day appointed for men, but not for the Sabbath.
Now therefore, you sons, listen to me. Listen to the words which I have spoken.
He lifted up his voice, and said, Jesus, the Son of the Lord God, How much more do you owe to me? I beg you, please, please, please don't rebuke me, as you are called by the name of God.
Yahweh said to Moses, Stretch out your hand toward heaven, that the land of Egypt may be darkened, and the darkness may not touch it.
But I didn't find him guilty of anything worthy of death. I killed him, because he had appealed to Caesar.
Moses and Aaron went out from Pharaoh; and Moses cried to Yahweh for the fields of Pharaoh which he sent against him.
Nebuchadnezzar the king called for the governors, and for the deputies, and for the governors, and for the governors, and for the governors, and for the judges, and for the judges, and for the governors, and for the governors of the provinces, to give to the king Nebuchadnezzar his image which he had made.
Afterward he was circumcised. This was the circumcision, and it was true that before he was circumcised, because he believed, God justified him. Therefore he was uncircumcised in faith, and God justified him, saying, Abraham is become their father.
I have made you like the chariots of Pharaoh's chariots, which I desire.
You have preserved me before me. Lay your hand on me.
Don't think, I will repay the wicked. Wait for Yahweh, and he will save you.
The servant went and told the lord of the things. The master of the thing was angry, and said to his servants, Get out of the city, and take the poor, the sick, the blind, and the lame here.'
David went up to bless his household; and Michal the daughter of Saul came out to meet David, and said, The great glory of the king of Israel is this day. The way was before his servants this day, as one who didn't go down to it, and didn't fear the nakedness of his body.
I have heard many things like this. All of your comforts are an abomination to men.
The woman who was in the house, covered her mouth with a covering, and spread her seed on her, and she didn't cease.
saying, I will go up into the country of the villages, until the people who dwell securely and live are quiet, and there is no wall, nor gates, nor bars, in which they dwell;
I trust in you, Yahweh, my God. Deliver me from all those who pursue me.
So Hanun shaved the beards of David's servants, and cut off his garments from him even to the great thigh; and he sent them away.
The king of the north shall go into the land of the king of the south; but he shall return to his own land.
Afterward he reigned. He was eighty-four years old, and didn't depart from the temple, but fasted day and night, and prayed, and served God.
You shall make two cherubim of gold, and you shall make them of beaten work, and shall put them on the two ends of the mercy seat.
Jesus lifted up his eyes, and saw his disciples, and said, Blessed are you poor men, for you are the Kingdom of God.
For Abraham was praying that God had built the city of the foundation of it.
If your eyes are dim, the whole body is dark. If your light is dark, the darkness is great.
There was evening and there was morning, which was the third day.
He said to him, I am very zealous for Yahweh, the God of Armies; for the children of Israel have forsaken your covenant, and have destroyed your altars, and have slain your prophets with the sword: but I am left alone; and they seek my life, that they may kill me.
Jehoshaphat had great wealth and honor, and he was with Ahab.
Their works are written in the law, and they are written in their hearts, and their conscience will be confirmed; for their heart rebukes themselves at the time of their reproof, and at the time of their defense.
He who hears the word, and doesn't understand, as he who sows by the roadside; when the devil comes, he takes away the seed that is in his heart.
When he came to Samaria, he killed all that Ahab had left in Samaria, and utterly destroyed it, according to the word of Yahweh, which he spoke to Elijah.
Don't forsake me in my old age. Don't leave me in my strength.
(to the children of Athens, and to the children of the nations who lived therein, to speak, and to listen to the things that were done, to keep silent;)
Alas! Let there be no sons in that night. The voice of displease is in the midst of them.
It happened, when Uzziah was strong, that his heart was lifted up, so that he fell away, and rebelled against Yahweh his God; for he went into the house of Yahweh to burn incense in the altar of incense.
I saw a young man void of understanding in the midst of a foolish young man,
For it is written, If a man desires to live, and desires to spend his days in prosperity, let him keep his tongue, and speak evil, and don't lie.'
I also will give my portion to answer, And I will show my opinion.
He drank wine, and anointed himself with the best of the oil: but he didn't bear his soul for the destruction of Joseph.
that all the blood of the prophets, from the foundation of the world to the foundation of the world, may be required of you,
The rest of the meal offering shall be Aaron's and his sons', the most holy of the offerings made by fire to Yahweh.
There was light in the sun, and light in the moon, and light in the stars, and light in the stars, so that there was no light in the stars.
You shall remember that you were servants in the land of Egypt: and Yahweh your God brought you out by a strong hand, and by an outstretched arm; therefore Yahweh your God commanded you to keep the Sabbath.
This day Yahweh will deliver you into my hand; and I will kill you, and kill your head, and I will this day give to the dead bodies of the Philistines, and to the birds of the sky, and to the animals of the earth: and all the children of the earth shall know that there is a God in Israel.
Jonathan said to the young man who drew up his armor, Come, let's go into the uncircumcised camp, and Yahweh will do for us; for Yahweh's salvation is in vain.
For our liberty's sake, Christ has freed us. Stand therefore, and do no more that anyone crushes him as a bondservant.
A certain Levite went, and took a woman of the sons of Levi, and became a wife.
These are those who were numbered of them: Moses, and Aaron, and the twelve princes of Israel; and they were numbered of them by their fathers' houses.
The front of the tent of meeting was a parable, so that they offered both gifts and sacrifices, that they might not give themselves to the worshippers with a good conscience.
David said to God, Isn't it me who called the people? how have I sinned, that I have done great evil, but what have these flocks? please Yahweh my God, put your hand on me, and on my father's house, and don't fight against your people, and give them pestilence.
When we have returned to your servant our father, we will speak to him the words of my lord.
He who is unrighteous is an abomination to the righteous, But he who walks blamelessly abhors the wicked.
You shall not defile yourselves in all these things; for I have defiled myself in all these things, which I have driven out before you.
The oxen gather their grain, And don't put their mouths on them.
This is the reproach of your enemies, Yahweh, The anointing oil that you anoint.
Don't you know that men have come from the earth, From ancient times;
Behold, this city is near, and I shall flee there, and this city is little. Please let me be there, and keep me alive. Isn't this a little city?
For whatever we ask of God, we will receive, because we have kept his word, and have done his pleasure before him.
The days of his birth are fulfilled, But the womb is sown in him.
Go up against Midian, and take vengeance for the children of Israel; and afterward you shall die.
They eat as the food of the spiritual things, and drink as the water of the spiritual things.
Come near, you sons of the ancestry, you olive groves, and the seed of the prostitutes.
Therefore I will deal with this people with marvelous things, and with marvelous things. The wisdom of the wise shall perish, and the understanding of the discerning shall cover it.
If a man doesn't care for his own person, but because he doesn't respect his own house, is disobedient to faith, and is worse than the unbelieving.
When all the people saw him walking, they glorified God,
Immediately he saw him, and went with him, glorifying God. All the people, when they saw that this was done, glorified by God.
That you may know the words of the truth in truth, That you may bless those who send you with the word of truth.
If they return to you in the land of their captivity, In the land of their enemies, In the land of their hearts, In the land of their fathers, In the city which you have chosen, In the house which I have built for your name, When they pray to you,
It happened, when all the tribes of Israel were gathered together, that he reigned in Jeshurun, prince of the people.
I am a beautiful and beautiful woman in Jerusalem, like the tent of Kedar, like the veil of Solomon.
He was distressed because of oppression, yet he didn't open his mouth. He drew near like lambs to the slaughter, and like sheep before a shearer, and didn't open his mouth.
For though you are a people of God, a woman of sexual immorality, and all uncleanness, or of covetousness, you shall not speak the sword in the midst of you.
Your son will require you bread, you father. Will you give him stones?
David said to Saul, Who am I, that I have a husband, and that my father's house is a house in Israel, and that I should be the king's son-in-law?
He shall build the house of Yahweh, and he shall be glorified, and shall sit on his throne to rule; and he shall be priest in his throne, and shall have good counsel between them.
But after I have risen, I will go before you into Galilee.
For Yahweh his God showed him the ordinances of righteousness, and instructed him.
The genealogy of Melchizedek, that he should know who his father and his mother were, and that he was born and who died, was not written. He was priest with the Son of God.
You shall make a lampstand of pure gold, and the base of the lampstand, and the pillars of it, and the cups of it, and the eyes of it, and the flowers of it, of beaten work.
There shall be no two kinds of thorns in your land: one great, and the other small.
The captain of the ships came to him, and said to him, Why is this good sleep of yours? arise, and call on your God; peradventure God will visit us, that we not perish.
Peter went out after the angel, and didn't know that angels did that which was true, but that which was vision.
Take the shields of the great ones, and help me.
But the ten disciples went into Galilee, and came to the mountain which Jesus had shown them.
He brings forth waters out of the rock, And waters flow like rivers.
that his house might come near by one of the men; and he took the children of Zabdi, the son of Zabdi, the son of Zerah, of the tribe of Judah, and Achan, the son of Carmi.
When the Pharisees saw it, they said to him, Behold, your disciples aren't worthy of the Sabbath.
They didn't listen to the tradition of the unfaithful, Nor to the disobedience of the truth.
Yahweh said to Moses, Go in to Pharaoh; for I have made his heart to be troubled, and the heart of his servants, that I may show my signs among them;
You shall overlay it with pure gold. You shall overlay it with gold around it.
According to the gift which the Lord gives each man, as God has called every man's shepherd, whom I teach the assemblies.
If the husband hears that he is silent, and doesn't consent, all his vows will stand, and he will establish his covenant.
Jacob said, Though the sun rises, and the livestock are gathered together, then you shall give them water to drink, and give them straw to eat.
They will do these things, because they don't know the Father, nor I.
Say now, you are my sister, that I may find peace in you. My life also shall live in you.
When I heard these words, I sat down, and wept and mourned some days, and fasted and prayed before Yahweh of Armies in the sight of heaven, saying,
Therefore rise up your face toward Jerusalem, which is besieged; and your hand shall be on you, and you shall prophesy against this city.
Peter therefore said to him, What shall we do, that we have forsaken all things, and have followed you?
It happened on the next day, on the next day after the next day, that the chief priests and the Pharisees went with them to Pilate,
They are the children of fools, The children of a perverse man. They are driven out by scourges.
While he was still speaking, Judas, who was one of the twelve, came, and a multitude of the people drew their swords and clubs, and came with the chief priests and scribes and elders.
Others were stoned, and stoned, and stoned, and stoned with the sword: and others were goats, goats, and scorpions, and poor men, and afflicted,
It shall be, when you have passed over the Jordan, that you shall stand on Mount Ebal, which I command you this day, and anoint it with plaster.
You shall be hidden from the tongue, Neither shall you be afraid in the time of calamity.
The bands that Amaziah sent away, and didn't let them go up against them to battle, they struck the cities of Judah from Samaria to Beth Horon, and they killed three thousand men, and carried away very much spoil.
But if we walk in light, as God is in light, then we will be preached one by another, and the blood of his Son Jesus will be forgiven us.
Do they know the abominations of their deeds? they shall not be disappointed, neither shall their faces be bald; therefore shall they fall among those who fall; and they shall fall when I visit them, says Yahweh.
I said to the king, If it please the king, please let your servant go to Judah, and send me to the city that is before my fathers, that I may build it.
The Pharisees and the scribes murmured, saying, This man receives sinners and eats with them.
Hear this, you elder, and give ear to this people of the land: have you done this thing in the days of your days, or in the days of your fathers?
So all the work of the Tent of Meeting was finished: and all that Yahweh commanded Moses did.
But if anyone doesn't receive you, go out into the street of any city, saying,
When he was invited to eat bread in the house of Matthew, many tax collectors and sinners came to eat with him.
The love of loving kindness and truth is burned, Righteousness and peace.
Your servant struck the lion and the bear, and this uncircumcised Philistine will be like one of them; for he despises the army of Yahweh, the living God.
When I would heal Israel, the iniquity of Ephraim and the sin of Samaria was uncovered; for they dealt falsely: and there came a thief in there, and a spoil was on it.
Joseph gave them food before him, but what Benjamin had gotten was more than five times as much as he had. They drank wine and bread with Joseph.
If he offers an offering of a bird to Yahweh, then he shall offer a turtledove, or a young pigeon, for a burnt offering.
If I lift up my head, then you will be like a lion pursuing after me, And will reveal yourself to me.
You shall clap your hands like a blind man in the daytime, and shall not touch; and your way shall not prosper, neither shall there be any man to save you with oppression nor with robbery continually.
Therefore I tell you that all sins and insults will be forgiven you, but those who blaspheme against the Holy Spirit will not be forgiven you.
Woe to him who has made him, and to him who has made him! For he is a lying stone in the midst of the earth. Shall the dust say to those who scoff at him, What are you doing? or what have you done? Shall it be said, He has no hands?
Then Elisha went from the oxen, and escaped to Elijah, and said, Please let my father and my mother be my first, and afterward I will come after you. Elijah said to him, Go your way. What have I done to you?
This is lamentation, and they shall wail with it; and the daughters of the nations shall wail with it: and they shall wail with it for Egypt, and for all her people, says the Lord Yahweh.
The border of Manasseh went up from Asher to Beth Shechem, which is before Shechem; and the border went up toward the right hand to the inhabitants of Enthabbath.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Now Mordecai wrote these things also to all the Jews who were in all the provinces of the king Ahasuerus, saying,
and I will lay the dead bodies of the children of Israel before their idols, and cast your bones about your altars.
Those who are godly in the earth shall die, and those who are blameless among men; and they shall all lie in wait to kill, and to snare his brother.
I have dug a pool for myself. I have dug a basket of fir trees.
Therefore I give the decree, and all the peoples, and all the nations, and all the languages, that profane Shadrach, Meshach, and the God of Abednego, that I may cut their flesh into pieces, and their houses shall become dunghills; for no god will save as it is.
Therefore will I bring my grain again from them in the days of harvest, and will bring my new wine again in the days of wine harvest; and I will cause it to return with the wool of my chariots, and with the flax of sackcloth.
I didn't hinder that which my eyes loved, neither did I forbid that which my heart delights; for my soul rejoices over that which I have labored, even that which I have labored for.
Saul came into the city of Amalek, and was buried in the valley.
All the children of Israel shall be justified by Yahweh, and shall boast.
Therefore, you mountains of Israel, listen to the voice of the Lord Yahweh: from the mountains, and from the hills, and from the watercourses, and from the valleys, and from the waste places, and from the cities that are forsaken, that the nations that are left round about may lay hold of them.
His brothers came and fell down before him, saying, We are your servants.
Paul called one of the centurions, and said, Please bring this young man to the commanding officer, for he has something to tell him.
Don't envy the wicked, Neither be ensnared to be ensnared with them.
His lord heard his wife speak to him, saying, As your servant did to me, so did he. He was angry.
Hannah said, Let your handmaid find favor in your sight. The woman went away, and ate and drink, and mourned no more.
Listen, my son, and be wise. Guide your heart in the way of uprightness.
The king and all his princes did that which was good in him; and the king did according to the word of Memucan.
He took the stones, and put them on David's servants, and on the king David's servants: and all the people, and the mighty men, were in the king's house.
They leaped like the voice of a chariot on the mountain, And like the voice of a burning locust, And like a mighty people in the battle.
For he has multiplied in his sin. He has struck hands in the midst of us, and has spoken many words against God.
I will make you a desolation forever, and there shall be no inhabitant of your cities; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
You rise up early in the morning, and hate sleep, and eat the bread of your labor, but it is nothing. Yahweh's beloved ones, he will make them sleep well.
One of them, a teacher of the law, came to test him, saying,
It happened, when the holy offering was come, that the prophet Elijah came near, and said, Make known this day, to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Yahweh, the God of Israel, that you are God in Israel, and that I am your servant; and do all these things according to your word.
Samuel said to Jesse, Aren't all your sons here? Jesse answered, Yet one of the last is feeding. Samuel said to Jesse, Send to him, that we don't sit down, because he has not yet come.
While I was a little child, I spoke as a little child, and as a little child in the spirit, and as a little child in the spirit. Now I have forsaken all that is with me, and have forsaken all that is with me.
David said to the Gibeonites, What shall I do for you? and what shall I give to you, that you may bless the inheritance of Yahweh?
When the scribes of the city were quiet, they said, Who didn't know that the city of Ephesus was the great temple of Artemis, and that it was brought down from heaven?
Then said I to the people in the morning, Even my wife shall die. It happened in the morning, that I listened to the commandment, and walked.
He cuts forth his bow, And binds me as a steed.
Who is this who makes atonement for himself to speak of?
You hide your face, and they are troubled. You take away their breath, and they die on the dust.
and made them light in the sky's expanse, and shined on the earth. So it was done.
He has dealt treacherously against our nation, and has dealt treacherously with our fathers; and he has charged them that they should bear their little ones, and that they should die.
Honor your servant, that he may be well chosen. Don't crush the proud.
It happened, when he had made an end of reasoning with the people, that he set him up to sing praises to Yahweh, clothed in holy and beautiful clothing, and to go and praise Yahweh before the army, saying, Give thanks to Yahweh, for his loving kindness endures forever.
I will add to your yoke the yoke of my father that was heavy on you. My father chastised you with whips, but I will chastise you with scorpions.'
It happened, when they fled from Beth Horon before Israel, that Yahweh brought down hail on them out of the sky, until Azekah was put to death, and the hail struck them more than the children of Israel with the edge of the sword.
But the princes of Babylon sent to him to inquire concerning all the wonders that were in the land: and God departed from him in this matter, to prove him, that he might know all that was in his heart.
From that centurion, he perceived that Jesus was dead, and he gave the body to Joseph.
A good man shows kindness out of the good heaps, But evil men show wickedness out of the evil heaps.
Though we rebel against the Lord our God, We have compassion on him,
Your heavens will become brass on your head, And iron on your feet.
Now God raised up Jesus our Lord, through the blood of Jesus, to establish an everlasting covenant, that he might be the firstborn of the flock.
Therefore don't let anyone tell you, Behold, the Christ is in the wilderness.' or, Look, the Christ is in the chambers.' Don't believe him.
I write these things to you, but to those who seek to deceive you.
Don't be afraid of your sufferings. Behold, the devil will put some of you into prison, and will afflict you, and you will suffer ten days. You shall die in faithfulness, and I will give you the power of your life.
Let her see, and see that she has corrupted herself. She herself has drunk the wrath of the Almighty.
The proverbs which you remember are like ashes. Your arrows are a mire.
Moreover I will make the flesh of your oppressors drink, and they will drink their own blood, as they drink their own wine; and all flesh shall know that I, Yahweh, am your Savior, and your Redeemer, the Mighty One of Jacob.
They said in their heart, Let's utterly destroy him. They burnt up the synagogue of God throughout all the earth.
The flesh of him who is above the child shall be tenderer. He shall return into the days of his youth.
Far be it from them that they may see the land which I swore to their fathers. None of those who despised me shall see it.
Their houses are full of deceit, as if a bird were full of birds: therefore they are great and rich.
David and all Israel sang and played before Yahweh with harps, and with harps, and with psalteries, and with psalteries, and with trumpets, with harps, and with psalteries.
Mary Magdalene, and John, and Mary the mother of James, and the rest of the women who were with them.
Sing, you daughter of Zion! Shout, Israel! Shout, you inhabitants of Jerusalem! Shout, you daughter of Zion!
Some of the disciples said, He said to us, A little while, and you can't see me, but a little while, and you will see me.' And they said, What do these words mean, because I am going to my Father?'
and you shall not go forth from the house on the Sabbath day, nor do any manner of work; but you shall make the Sabbath holy, as I have commanded your fathers.'
He came to the priests of the ark of the covenant of Yahweh, who bore the whole earth; and their feet stood in the waters of the Jordan, and the waters of the Jordan, which flowed down from above, shall be broken, and shall stand up for a wall.
He also took all the livestock, and the goods which he had gathered; and the livestock which he had gotten was in Paddan Aram. He went into the land of Canaan to his father Isaac.
Jesus said to them, Then David, when he made the Holy Spirit, called the Lord Christ, saying,
For Sheol can't give thanks to you. Death can't praise you. Those who go down to the grave can't hope in your truth.
Let us therefore fill ourselves with exhortation, that we may do good to all, especially to those who believe, and be wise in their ways.
In the morning you shall sow your seed, and in the evening you shall not rest from your hand; for you don't know which one shall not prosper, either this one or that other, or that which is good.
At that time the flame was kindled on the mountain; and when you heard the voice of the man who went out of the darkness, all the princes of your tribes, and the elders, came to me.
All the men of the land will pass by, and it will happen that if any man sees a man's bones, he will make there a sign, until those who bury him will bury him in the valley of Hamon Gog.
Speak to those who are rich in gold, and don't be proud. Don't put their hope in an unsettled price, but in giving all things in the wind to our good ones.
We are blasphemed, yet answerable with boldness. We are all dung and dunghills in the world.
He is hungry, and he desires to take up a morsel of her vomit, and there is none to feed him.
Solomon also made all the vessels of the house of Yahweh, even the golden altar, and the tables of show bread, of gold.
He set them before Yahweh with bread, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
He shall be destroyed like a man who destroys the potter's clay, and doesn't spare his mouth, so that he can't take fire from the furnace, and water from the potter's mouth.
When Gideon heard the words of the dream, and the report of it, he worshiped Yahweh, and returned to the camp of Israel, and said, Arise, for Yahweh has delivered the army of Midian into your hand.
The men turned from there, and looked toward Sodom. Abraham stood before Yahweh.
From that time forth the Philistines were subdued, and they didn't come again into the land of the children of Israel: the hand of Yahweh was against the Philistines all the days of Samuel.
Didn't Achan, the son of Zerah, sin in that which was to be offered, and his anger was kindled against all the congregation of the children of Israel? He didn't die in his sins, neither did he die in his own place.
Hear, my people, and I will testify to you. Listen to me, Israel.
Jacob shall be the root of it all the days of his coming. Israel shall blossom with his teeth, and their fruit shall be full of the world.
It happened in the middle of the day, that Elijah said to them, Cry aloud, for he is a god, whether he is quiet, or a deserted place, or a way, or a sleep, that you shall wake him up.
I said to the proud, Don't be proud. I said to the wicked, Don't be anxious.
and their meal offering and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs, according to their number, after the ordinance;
David said to Abigail, Blessed be Yahweh, the God of Israel; for he has sent you this day to meet me.
When he had driven out all the people, he entered into the women's chamber, and took her by the hand. Then she arose.
The threshing floor and the winepress shall not feed them, Neither shall they look for new wine in vain.
When you blow the wind, the sea shut them up. They are like the camp in great waters.
Therefore don't be as hypocrites in the synagogue, nor in the streets, as though they were hypocrites. Most assuredly I tell you, they have received their reward.
This is the understanding which we have toward God through Christ.
You shall make an altar of acacia wood five cubits long, and five cubits broad; and the altar shall be foursquare, and the height of it three cubits.
Shaphan the scribe said to the king, Hilkiah the priest has given me a book. Shaphan read it before the king.
For I know that your faith endures by faith.
The appearance of the wheels, like the appearance of the wheels, was like the appearance of the wheels; and the appearance of the wheels was like the appearance of a wheel in a wheel.
May the God of patience and of consolation make you all one to learn the counsel of Christ Jesus,
They shall not delight themselves in Yahweh, neither shall their sacrifices rejoice in him: they shall be as the food of the house of death, and as the uncleanness of all those who eat it; for their food shall be for their own way, and they shall not enter into the house of Yahweh.
Now the land of Tappuah was Manasseh's, but also the border of Manasseh to the children of Ephraim.
But what is needful is this: that which Mary has chosen, no one will take away.
The enemy can't prevail against him. The wicked can't abhor him.
Remember that the Lord will reward you, and give you an inheritance to him. You serve the Lord Christ.
So they turned and went up into the hill country, and came to the valley of Eshcol, and spyed out the place.
You shall offer a burnt offering for a sweet savor to Yahweh: one young bull, one ram, seven male lambs a year old without blemish;
He lived on the rock, In the strongholds, In the strongholds.
My heart shall be kindled as a fire, That burns me to death; For your word shall not be forgotten by my enemies.
through the sacrifice of Jesus once, that sanctification may be perfected forever by the Lord.
Yahweh said to me, An evil shall come forth out of the north, and shall come on all the inhabitants of the land.
Fear came on all who heard,
Their eyes were opened, and they recognized that he was Jesus, and that immediately he was in the midst of them.
The cloud stayed in the tent of meeting, both two days, or one month, or one year; and the children of Israel encamped there, and didn't travel: but the cloud was taken up, and they departed.
The king commanded Ashpenaz, the captain of the guard, to bring certain men from the king of Israel, and from his princes;
He will not break the reeds of his wounds. He will not quench the fire. He will declare justice in truth.
When they had departed from Rephidim, and were come into the wilderness of Sinai, they encamped in the wilderness; and the children of Israel encamped before the mountain.
Some of the men of Jerusalem said, Isn't this man of their own will?
I was made secretly, and was taken up in a very deep place of the earth. My body was not hidden from you at that time.
Then Jesus took bread, and gave thanks, and broke it, and gave it to them, saying, This is my body, which you shall do for yourselves, and remember me.
the donkeys were sixty-one thousand;
You shall make cakes of the first fruits of your bread, and offer them for a wave offering; and you shall be lifted up as the grain of the threshing floor.
We are slain all day long for your sake. We are seen as sheep for the slaughter.
Balaam rose up early in the morning, and saddled his donkey with the princes of Moab.
One who is wise in words has knowledge, and one who is wise in spirit has understanding.
For they have called themselves the holy people, The God of Israel. His name is Yahweh of Armies.
Likewise he said to him, You have also given authority over five cities.'
Fear the sword, for indignation has taken hold of the sword, so that you may know that it is a judgment.
If your heart says, How shall we know the words which Yahweh has not spoken?'
Lift up a rod in your hand, and work signs with it.
When we burnt incense in the morning, we made cakes to serve him, and poured out drink offerings to him, and didn't we have a portion with our husband?
You shall not be afraid of lying down. You shall lie down in a good sleep.
Then I took the princes of Judah, and went up to the wall, and made two great heads of praise and thanksgiving: and the one on the wall was a dung gate toward the right.
For you will be like a dry oak, Like a dry field without water.
He shall humble himself, and be in subjection to death; Yes, he shall die on the cross.
When Jesus saw a colt, he took it, and stood. As it is written,
The wicked pursue the afflicted in his pride. Let them fall into the counsel of their own counsel.
The same will be the sign to those who are made, that they will be shaken, to be carried away, and that those who are not shaken will be left.
says your servant the prophets, whom you shall dispossess, The land which you shall dispossess for an inheritance is an unclean land, and a desolation for the nations, and for their abominations: for they have filled the whole land from one end to the other, and are full of defilement.
If you aren't disciplined, nor the rest of your children, you are not a son-in-law, nor a son-in-law.
All the vanities were without understanding, and they were born as young donkeys in the wild donkeys.
and gave it to the workmen to repair the house of Yahweh.
Then you shall call, and Yahweh will listen to you. You shall beg, and he will say, Here am I. If you take away the yoke of the giant, and the words of the wise, and the words of the falsehood;
The men of the city said to Joash, Bring forth your son, that he may die; for he has broken down the altar of Baal, and has cut down the Asherim by the altar.
Jacob departed from Beersheba. The children of Israel gave Jacob their father, and their wives, to sit in the wagons which Pharaoh had sent to carry him.
Joseph remembered the dream which he had dreamed concerning them, and said to them, You are the spies, that you may listen to the nakedness of this place.
Therefore, beloved, serve, don't be moved, but always work for the Lord; for you know that the work of the Lord will not be empty.
Behold, your enemies, Yahweh, your enemies, shall perish; and whoever does evil shall be scattered.
Your eyes are pure, and don't look at evil, nor at perverseness; how will you hold your peace, who have dealt treacherously? How will you hold your peace, you who swallow up the wicked more than he is righteous?
He shall take all its fat, as the sacrifice of peace offerings to the lamb; and the priest shall burn it on the altar as an offering made by fire to Yahweh; and the priest shall make atonement for him concerning his sin which he has sinned, and he shall be forgiven.
Is the child dead, that I should fast and dress? will I bring him back? I will go to him, and he can't come to me.
So I run, and I don't run astray. I run astray, and I don't go astray.
On the set feasts, the new moons, and every Sabbath, and the appointed feasts of the house of Israel, he shall offer burnt offerings, and meal offerings, and drink offerings, and drink offerings: he shall make atonement for the sin offering, and for the meal offering, and for the peace offerings, to make atonement for the house of Israel.
Now therefore, behold, Yahweh has found a man after the length of your reign, and Yahweh has appointed him head over his people; because you have not kept the commandment of Yahweh.
Terror and trembling have surrounded me. Terror and trembling have covered me.
When the land was yet inhabited, the plantation, and the harvest, and the height, and the height, and the height, and the summer, and the sun, and the night, lodged there.
In the twenty-seventh year of Jeroboam king of Israel began Azariah the son of Amaziah king of Judah to reign.
Your dead will rise again, and my dead bodies will rise again. Rise up, you men of the dust, and sing; for the dew of God will come forth out of the pit, like the dew of the herb.
David hurried, and went and stood over the Philistine, and drew out his sword, and struck him with the sword, and cut off his head. When all the Philistines saw that their mighty men were dead, they hurried.
Then said Absalom, If not, let Amnon and we go my brother. He said, Why then go he also with you?
They don't remain in him who is chief, but all flesh is glorified in him who is made with the roots, to the will of God.
It happened, when the priests who bore the ark of the covenant of Yahweh were standing on the dry land of the Jordan, that all Israel passed over the dry land to all the people over the Jordan,
But Yahweh was angry with me because of your sakes, and he didn't listen to me. Yahweh said to me, It is enough for you, that you not take up this thing from me any more.
So the children of Judah gave confession to them, and to their children, and to all who were left of them, in the year to come, to observe them, as it is written, and to keep them two days in the appointed time, that they should not be destroyed.
They assembled themselves together against Moses and against Aaron, and said, You have taken your hand, and all the congregation are holy; and Yahweh is in the midst of them: why then have you exalted yourself above the congregation of Yahweh?
David said to him, Why didn't you put forth your hand, and kill the anointed of Yahweh?
All the meal offering that is baked in the fire pan, and in the caldron, or in the baking pan, shall be for the priest who offers the sacrifice.
Laban said, There is none here who does these things before the first, and before the first, and before the first, and before the second, and before the second, and before the second, and before the second, and before the third, and before the third, and before the third, and before the third, and before the third, and before the third, and before the third, and before the third, and before the third, and before the third, and before the third, and before the third, the third, and the third, and the third, and the third, and the third, and
and passed through the gates of Ephraim, and by the gates of it, and by the gates of it, and by the towers of Hananel, and by the towers of Hameah, even to the doors of it, stood still at the door of the guard.
But the Lord answered, On the Sabbath, you hypocrites, aren't you going every man to eat water out of his ox or out of his donkey?
Peter said to them, Repent, let each one of you be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, that your sins may be forgiven you, and you may receive the Holy Spirit of God.
Now, behold, he hides himself in the valleys, in other places, if any man first kills him, and everyone who hears him shall say, Some of the people who are with Absalom are slain.
The king of the anointing oil said, I will prophesy of the holy things: Yahweh has said to me, You are my son, and I have borne you this day.
They shall bring on you armed men, and chariots, and chariots of measure, and great multitudes; they shall bear great shields, and shall set their heads in array, and shall come against you round about; and I will give them judgment, and they shall judge you with their law.
Asa went out against him, and set himself in array in the valley of Zephat, which is in Mareshah.
You shall harden their heart, And bring your curse on them.
For the false Christ and the false prophets will arise, and will walk in signs and wonders, and will lead astray the chosen ones of God.
For they saw that the morning was a shadow of death, because they were severely consumed in the shadow of death.
This is his measure: the north side four thousand and five hundred, and the south side four thousand and five hundred, and the east side four thousand and five hundred, and the west side four thousand and five hundred.
For he said to Moses, I will have mercy on the merciful, and I will be partial to those who love me.
The children of Israel again did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh; and Yahweh delivered them into the hand of Midian seven years.
He who is carried away captive there is secure. He doesn't hear the voice of the taskmasters.
The earth trembled because of the sound of Babylon's fall; and their cry came to the nations.
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, everyone who entered into the service, for work in the Tent of Meeting.
You shall not eat bread, nor drink strong drink, nor drink strong drink; but it shall be known to you that Yahweh is your God.
He who loves his brother, or he who loves his sister, walks in light, and doesn't stumble,
Bless me with hyssop, and I will be clean. Bless me, and I will be whiter than snow.
Not for the woman, but for the man, for the man, for the man, for the man, for the man, for the man, that made it.
They came to Gedaliah to Mizpah; and Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and Jehohanan the son of Kareah, and Jonathan, and Seraiah the son of Tanhumet, and Ishmael the son of Nethazoth, and Jaazaniah the son of Maacah, and their men.
He said to his disciples, There is a rich man, and he has a widow. They both took the widow's son out of his master's house.
Now the Father has sanctified me, and sent me into the world. Why did I say, I am the Son of God, and you prophesy against God?
He delights himself in the clods of the valleys. He goes out to meet him in the army.
They shall not take a wife of a prostitute, or of a defiled woman; neither shall they take a wife of a divorced woman; for they are holy to their God.
The man of God went with the old prophet, and ate bread in his house, and drank water.
Jesus said, Most assuredly I tell you, if you are not changed into children, you will in no way enter into the Kingdom of Heaven.
When Saul's people sought to strike Jonathan, Jonathan knew that his father was determined to kill David.
Yahweh has sworn, and he will not repent, saying, As Melchizedek did, so you shall be priests forever.
Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard carried the men away to Riblah; and the king of Babylon came.
A thief comes, he will steal, he will kill, he will destroy; But I come to give them a life of desolation.
The time is at hand, the days come, and the horses shall not rejoice, neither shall they grieve: for the wrath of those who are angry is fallen on them.
He gathered the assembly together to the door of the Tent of Meeting.
He brought me to the north gate, and measured it according to the measures that were before.
They sang one new voice, and said, You have put forth the scroll, and opened its seals; for you have been slain, and have given your blood to God from the peoples, from the languages, from the peoples, and from the kingdoms of the countries.
On that day the Jews prepared a feast, and it was not far from the tomb; and they buried him there.
Moses' counselors were of the Kenites, and of the children of his children, and of the children of Judah, who went with them out of the city of palm trees, to the wilderness of Judah, which is on the south of the Arabah, and to the people who were there.
But if I don't do the things of the Father, don't believe in me.
Yahweh has set the steps of the righteous, And Yahweh loves the way of the righteous.
It happened at the time of the going down of the day, that there was a decree given in the middle of the camp, saying, Everyone goes to his city, and everyone to his land.
Have I considered him who is mad, that you have brought him madness before me? Shall this man enter into my house?
He made two cherubim of olive wood in the oracle, ten cubits high every man.
He who kills the sword is better than five; for he who lacks the land has the fruit of it, and has the loss of it, as of a robber.
They shall hear your words, and you and the elders of Israel shall come to the king of Egypt, and tell him, Yahweh, the God of the Hebrews, has met us: now therefore let us go into the wilderness, and walk three days' journey, to sacrifice to Yahweh our God.
and one male goat for a sin offering; besides the continual burnt offering, and the meal offering of it, and the drink offering of it.
This is the mystery of the seven stars and of the seven lampstands that you saw in my right hand: the seven stars are the seven angels of the assembly, and the seven lampstands are the seven assemblies.
Then they said one to another, This Daniel, let's not seek his vanity, save the law of his God.
The watchmen of the city met me, and I asked them, Have you seen my desire?
There are three things in the earth that are moved, Four which can't be borne:
Then Haman went in; and the king said to him, What shall you do to the man whom the king delights to glorify? Haman said in his heart, Who shall prevail against me, whom the king delights to glorify him?
The Levites went out of their suburbs, and out of their possessions, to Judah and Jerusalem, because Jeroboam and his sons had rejected them, and had not allowed them to do any of the service of Yahweh in the priest's office.
I didn't ask for my own glory, but I asked for my own, and I judged it.
Now therefore make confession to Yahweh, the God of your fathers, to do that which he pleases, to separate yourselves from the peoples of these countries, and from the foreign women.
Then the governor's soldiers led him into the Praetorium, and encircled him with all the army.
The sea was on twelve oxen, and three on the north, and three on the west, and three on the south, and three on the east; and the sea was on the oxen, and the oxen were inward.
He said to me, This is the word which Yahweh spoke to Zerubbabel. He said, It is not by power, nor by strength, but by my Spirit, says Yahweh of Armies.
Out of the tribe of Gad, Ramoth the Gileadite, the city of refuge for the slain, with its suburbs, and Mahanaim, with its suburbs,
Behold, I will give this city into the hand of the Chaldeans, and into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon; and he shall take it.
For he teaches men with authority and discretion.
I tell you, our brother Timothy is gone out of prison. If he comes sooner, I will call him to you with me.
You have turned my wailing into dances. You have stripped me of my sackcloth. You have girded me with mirth.
It happened, when the queen of Sheba heard the report of Solomon, that she came to Jerusalem, to test Solomon with hard questions, and with precious stones, and with spices and with precious gold; and when she came to Solomon, she spoke to Solomon in her heart, and to him.
The servants of Isaac dug in the valley, and found a well of living water.
For Yahweh didn't give birth to the woman who was in the house of Abimelech because of Sarah, Abraham's wife.
All mornings and evenings they offer burnt offerings and sweet incense to Yahweh, with show bread on the holy table, and with lampstands and lamps of gold, even every night; for we have kept the commandments of Yahweh our God, but you have forsaken him.
He is a witness before his neighbor. He is a fool.
Yahweh, our father, Abraham, Isaac, and the God of Israel, make your people always to draw near to you this kind of understanding, and to prepare their heart for you;
The king said to him, What have you to do? He answered, Most assuredly I am a widow, and my husband is dead.
I have not sat in the assembly of my lovers for joy. I sit in silence for your sakes, for you have filled me with wrath.
Now Mephibosheth had a son, who was a little child, and his name was Micah: and all who lived in the house of Ziba were servants to Mephibosheth.
The wolf shall roar in the camp, and the jackals shall roar in the palace of his feast. The great tribulation of Babylon is at hand, and his days are not long.
For my sufferings are good toward me, That I may learn your statutes.
But God said to the wicked, Why do you prophesy my statutes, and speak my covenant in your mouth?
that he might reveal to us the grace that is sufficient for the generations to come, that he might show himself to our loving kindness through Christ Jesus.
Sing praises to him, And talk about all his wondrous works.
Moses said, I will go forth from you, and will seek the favor of Yahweh, that the swarms of flies may depart from Pharaoh, and from his servants, and from his people; but Pharaoh shall not deal treacherously any more, that the people not go out to sacrifice to Yahweh.
I will scatter you among the nations, and scatter you among the countries; and I will take away the filthiness of the midst of you.
I will make you a great nation, and I will bless you, and magnify your name; and you shall be blessed.
What then is the law? For the law is law for a man to know what is disobedience, and to an angel who is set up in the midst of a woman, until the Son of Man, who is promised by him, is brought to an end.
For the things which we have seen and heard have not been spoken out, that we should not be able to do them.
then his master shall bring him to the place where he worships him, and shall bring him near to the door or to the door; and he shall set his ears in a basket, and he shall serve this master forever.
Have you entered into the fountain of the sea, Or have you walked in secret places of the deep?
Yahweh spoke to Moses in the plains of Moab by the Jordan at Jericho, saying,
Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel, concerning Ahab the son of Cylaiah, and Zedekiah the son of Maaseiah, who prophesy lies to you in my name: behold, I will deliver them into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon; and he shall kill them before you.
Shall the time of my harvest wait for trouble, Until the day of battle?
The children of Israel were distressed that day, because Saul had sworn to the people, saying, Cursed be he who eats, until the day of darkness, until the disobedience of my enemies. Therefore the people ate nothing.
Jesus said to him, I am going to heal him.
He will make the father and mother, and the son and the son, a prophet of the Lord, with the spirit of Elijah; and he will cause the rebellious to turn again and again to the wisdom of the righteous, that the people may prepare themselves to meet the Lord.
and their generations, and their wives, and their sons, and their daughters, who were among all the congregation, were written among the fathers, because they had sanctified themselves.
The merchants of Sheba and Ramah were with you: they traded for your wares every manner of sweet savor, and every kind of precious thing, and every gold, for your wares.
Therefore the name of that city was called Babel, because Yahweh confused the words of the sky there, and Yahweh scattered them from there on the surface of all the earth.
Behold, there is a place here, says Yahweh; and you shall stand on the rock.
They looked no more at the altar that was made of their own hands, nor at the pillar that was made of their own fingers, or at the image of the sun.
I saw also that the sun was hot, and that wickedness was in the judgment, and that wickedness was in the place of righteousness.
The grass rose up in the morning, and came to the tomb; and the evening was cut off, and it withered away.
Son of man, lift up a sharp sword, and shave your head with your beard, and shave your head with your beard; and you shall spread it on him with a reed, and divide him.
But the eyes of the wicked shall be dim; They shall not flee; They shall be as the breath of a breath that waits for them.
As Yahweh your God lives, there is not a nation, there is not a nation, neither has my lord sent to you; but they say, He isn't here; and they call to himself the people of the land, who have surely not found you.
Moreover the word of Yahweh came to Jeremiah.
Behold, the remnant shall be left, the children of the captivity; and behold, they shall come forth to you, and you shall see their way and their doings, and shall speak of the evil that I have brought on Jerusalem, which I have brought on them: and you shall be comforted.
When anyone hears of me, he waits. He holds his peace, and summons me.
Jehoshaphat walked in the ways of Asa his father, and didn't turn from him, to do that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh: but the high places burnt incense on the high places, until they were destroyed.
He redeems your soul from death, And makes you a crown of love and of mercy.
But we all have such a strong and precious man as a vessel made by the clay, that the power of the great might may be of God, and not of us.
After these things, Jesus went over to the sea of Galilee, on the other side of the sea of Tiberias.
When the centurion who stood over him saw him, he gave up his spirit, and said, Truly this man is the Son of God.
the priest shall offer the one for a sin offering, and the other for a burnt offering; and the priest shall make atonement for him before Yahweh for the plague of his soul.
He shall make atonement for the holy place, and make atonement for the tent of meeting, and for the altar, and make atonement for all the priests and the whole congregation.
When you call, I will answer you. You will desire the work of your hands.
Take one of the pieces of silver, that I may see. Who is this and the other? They said, Caesar's.
Go to the hill country of Abarim, and to the hill country of Nebo, and to the land of Moab, which is over against Jericho, and see that I have given Israel for an inheritance in the land of Canaan.
For I know that you will make me die, until I have ordained a house for all that is in it.
Afterward the judges shall sit; and they shall take away the king's dominion, and destroy it, and destroy it to the end.
In the eighth year you shall sow, and you shall eat of the fruit of the ground, the fat of the bread, until the end of the year, when the increase of the yield is made, you shall eat of the bread.
All those who heard it came out to see it. When they had come to him, the demon came out of him, and they saw him clothed in robes, and his spirit shone, and he sat at his feet, and they were amazed.
He shaved his eyes for you, girded with sackcloth, wept with his groaning, and mourned exceedingly.
For God has delivered the righteous, Lot, because he often grieve for the immorality of the sinners.
It happened on the next day, in the morning, that the people rose up, and built there an altar, and offered burnt offerings, and peace offerings.
and their meal offering and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs, according to their number, after the ordinance;
When they found an Egyptian in the field, they brought him to David; and he took bread to him, and he ate, and brought water to him to drink;
When Joseph saw his brothers, he recognized them, and said to them, Where are you from? They said, From the land of Canaan he buys bread.
They are as a sweet savor to me, as a burning fiery fire. In the name of Yahweh I have destroyed them.
The tents were for the children of Israel in the ascent of the ephod: as Yahweh commanded Moses, so it was for the children of Israel.
For he will turn away your son from following me, and will serve other gods, so that Yahweh will consume you out of your anger.
I brought you into the wilderness forty years, and you didn't break your body's clothes, neither did the shoes of your feet break.
then it shall be, when he lies down, that you shall consider and see where he lies, and go, and take heed to his feet and to his feet, and lie there: and he shall tell you what you shall do.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
He has made my strength fade away in the midst of the way. He has made my days few.
For it is eaten for the belly, and for the body's sake it is eaten; but God will destroy them both. The body is not for sexual immorality, but for the Lord's sake, and the Lord will nourish our body.
It happened after these things, that Yahweh struck him, and made his bowels to fail.
I fell down before Yahweh forty days and forty nights, because Yahweh said that I would destroy you.
and out of the tribe of Issachar, Kedesh with its suburbs, and Taberah with its suburbs,
The pins of gold were fifty shekels, and they were all of gold.
But if any man find a pledged daughter in the field, and the man is strong with her, but the man who is strong with her shall surely be put to death.
All who went over to those who were numbered of them, from twenty years old and upward, were sixty-six thousand five hundred fifty men, every man according to the weight of the sanctuary, and brought out half a shekel of silver, even one Pekah.
But Jesus answered them, Woe to you lawyers! For you aren't able to give men the burden, but you yourselves aren't able to bear the burden.
Laban went to the shearer, and Rachel stole the idols of her father's house.
From the midst of it shall be three measures, and the whole land shall be darkened.
and five hundred spelt and a hin of oil, after the sheaf of the sanctuary;
Take heed to yourself, and pay attention to your precepts, to do these things always, for that will save you and your teachers.
You shall make the boards of the tent of meeting of acacia wood.
What is my reward, that I preach the Good News, that I may obtain the Good News in vain, and that I may receive the Good News in vain?
It happened, when king Jehoram was come to war against Hazael king of Syria at Ramoth, that the Syrians struck him: and Ahaziah the son of Jehoram king of Judah went down to Jezreel to spy out Jehoram the son of Ahab, because he was sick.
As for this man, it is written, I send my messenger before you. He will be your stronghold, and will open the way for you.'
He shall come forth to the altar of Yahweh, and appoint an altar; and he shall take some of the blood of the bull, and of the blood of the male goats, and put it on the horns of the altar round about.
Therefore we are filled with strength. We know that while the flesh is still alive, the Lord is far from our house.
They sought Jesus, and stood in the temple, and said one to another, What do you think? Will he come and serve the feast?
Having sent a brother also with them, we know that he is zealous for help through our many arrogance. Now he has fully believed in you, and much more is hoped for your help.
and the priests, and the Levites with continual burnt offerings and offerings; and the continual service of the sacrifice before me.
Now, Lord Yahweh, you are God alone, and your words are truth. You have promised this good thing to your servant.
They offered sacrifices to their gods, and called for the people; and the people ate their sacrifices, and bowed themselves down to their gods.
Though I am anointed king, I am weak this day. These are more mighty, sons of Zeruiah. Yahweh recompense him evil-doers, as he has done.
Woe to those who are wise in their own eyes, Who are wise in their own eyes!
You shall be an astonishment and an astonishment among all the nations where Yahweh shall bring you. You shall be a proverb and a derision.
Also Judah and Silas were prophets, and with many words they comforted the brothers, and strengthened their faith.
Ananias, whose name was Ananias, sold them their inheritance, he and his wife, Shephera.
Your coverts have transgressed, Your midwives have transgressed against me.
For as lightning burns from the east side to the west side, so will the Son of Man be.
The children of Israel heard say, Behold, the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the half-tribe of Manasseh built an altar before the land of Canaan; and the children of Israel went over the Jordan by the river.
Let all the nations rejoice with his people, For he will plead the cause of his servant's blood, And recompense his enemies for his land, And for the sin of his people.
But the Spirit spoke to me in every city, Gehenna, and in all my affliction.
If the children of Israel shall observe to do all that I command them, according to all that Moses my servant commanded them, then will I no more cause their feet to be removed from the land which I gave to their fathers.
Now the rest of the acts of Jehoiakim, and his abominations which he did, and his insolence, behold, they are written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel and Judah; and Jehoiachin his son reigned in his place.
The man who betrayed Jesus came forward, and told them by night, saying, He who I kissed is Jesus. Take him up, and the second took him.
Absalom came to the king, and said, Now your servant is shearing the fleece, and has hired the king, his servants, and his servants with him.
and the head of this image shall be pure gold, and the breastplate of it, and the bone of it, of silver, and the flesh of it, and the thigh of it, of brass;
I have afflicted those who trouble you. I have afflicted them, that they don't lift themselves up.
The Lord is the Holy Spirit, who is here, and where the Holy Spirit is, there is freedom.
The two corners after the tent shall be two boards.
Let the king be like the rain that rains on the gardens that pass through the grass, Like the rain that springs out of the earth in a few days.
One company of men is in the valley of judgment; for the day of Yahweh is at hand, and is at hand in the valley of judgment.
He has turned his ear to me, Therefore I will call on him all my days.
The nations were scattered abroad, and the stone was taken from its place.
Then I remembered in my heart, and rebuked the nobles and the rulers, and said to them, Take interest from your brothers every man. Then I gathered a solemn assembly, and rebuked them.
Jesus said to them, You are those who call yourselves righteous before men, but God knows your thoughts, that they are an abomination to God, for they are honorable.
But he was wounded for our transgressions, and was hurt for our transgressions; and we were in peace, because he was chastised, and we were healed.
As the stars of the sky can't be counted, neither can the sand of the sea be counted, so will I multiply the sons of David my servant, and the Levites who minister to me.
He who believes that Jesus is Christ is the Son of God, and he who loves his father and his mother, he also loves his children.
He set two base fellows before him as witnesses, and said to him, You have spoken against Yahweh, and against the king.' He went out, and stoned him with stones.
Abraham said, God will revive Isaac from the dead, and he will say, Isaac is dead and returned.
On the third day, and on the seventh day, he who is clean, he shall sprinkle the unclean water to the seventh day, to cleanse him; and he shall wash his clothes, and bathe his flesh in water; and until the evening, he shall be clean.
Therefore many of you will be worn out and be sick, and few will not die.
You have played the prostitute with the Assyrians, and have played the prostitute with them, yet not with you.
Paul and Silas passed through Amphipolis and Apolloonias, and came to Thessalonians, where was the synagogue of the Jews.
For whoever leads this people, let them go astray, That everyone who leads them may be swallowed up.
For it is written, He has become a rebellious man,' and it will be fulfilled on me. Yes, it is written, My things have been fulfilled.'
For the dreaded have perished, and the deceitful have perished; and everyone who seeks an evil man is cut off.
Assyria can't save us, neither do we ride on horses, nor speak any more to our hands, saying, You are our god; for the fatherless has obtained mercy on you.
Be silent before me, you islands! Come near to me, all you people! Let's speak together. Let's plead together.
At that time we took all the cities of it, and destroyed the cities of it, and the women and the little ones, and left none remaining.
It happened on the next day, that the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
My sanctuary is with them forever. The nations shall know that I am Yahweh, who sanctifies Israel.
From the ground to the upper gate were cherubim and palm trees. All the walls of the temple were thus.
The porch of the gate was twenty cubits long, and the breadth of the house, and the breadth of the porch ten cubits.
Yahweh brought evil on the people, because they had made them calves, which Aaron had made.
I was a lawgiver to those who are lawgiver, that I might gain more from those who are lawgiver, and believe in the Lord. Not that I don't walk in God's law, but I am under the rule of the lawgiver.
Therefore these things were born to you Gentiles, and you were called uncircumcised by the circumcision of those who were circumcised among the circumcision; and their circumcision was circumcised in their flesh.
I saw in the vision of the night; and behold, a man like a man's appearance, and he sat in the clouds of the sky, and came to him who had been from of old; and they brought him before him.
Yahweh your God, who walks before you, he will fight for you, as he did for you in Egypt, in all that was before your eyes.
For the daughters of my city have made me to see the heat of my heart.
The woman gave birth to a son, who was about to reign over all the nations in iron; and his son sent to God, to his throne.
You shall remember that you were a bondservant in Egypt; and you shall observe to do all these statutes.
The king's decree, which came throughout all the provinces, pleased the children of Judah well, and made them feasts, and made them feasts that day: and the people of the land came into Judah in multitude because of the fear of Judah.
Therefore walk in your wisdom. Don't let him go down into Sheol in safety.
All the people laughed at him. But Jesus threw them out, and he took the father of the child, his mother, and his disciples, and entered into the children's chamber.
As you sent me into the world, So I sent them into the world.
Thus says the Lord, Abraham believes in God, and God counts him as righteous.
Abraham was hidden for this thing from Abimelech, after that the servants of Abimelech had given up a well of water.
The princes of the army of the tribe of Zebulun were Eliab the son of Zebulun.
Moses spoke to his father-in-law all the things that Yahweh had done for Israel to Pharaoh, and to the Egyptians, and to all the hard things that were done to them, as Yahweh had saved them.
He said to them, How many loaves do you have? They said to him, Seven fish, and some fish.
In the first month, in the first part of the month, Jasiobeam the son of Zabdeel, was twenty-four thousand persons in his division.
Judah shall go; and behold, I have delivered the land into his hand.
I have not sent them; but they prophesy lies in my name, so that I will drive you out, and all the prophets who prophesy to you, and I will destroy them with you.
and seeing the man who was healed standing beside them, he gave no answer.
Moreover all the nations of the earth shall be blessed for your seed's sake, because you have obeyed my voice.
An idolatry is a terror to me, That I may sin, That they may prophesy evil against me.
that my enemies don't say, I am more than he; lest my enemies rejoice in my fall.
Who is he who makes the pillars of fire, of the wilderness, like pillars of smoke, of myrrh, of frankincense, and of all manner of perfumes of the merchants?
I will set my face against them; and they shall come forth out of the midst of the fire; but the fire shall devour them: and you shall know that I am Yahweh from before them.
For I have heard that you have a love toward the people of God, and a faith toward the Lord Jesus.
All the multitude who went before them cried out, Hosanna, the son of David! Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord! Hosanna! the Lord God!
Bring your youngest brother to me, and beware of your words, and don't die. So they did.
It happened, when evening was about to come, that David arose from the bed, and went on his way on the housetop of the king's house, and saw from the housetop a woman washed, and the woman was beautiful.
The angel of Yahweh spoke to Joshua, saying,
Woe to the children of men, because they have led to sin, and to the children of men has led to sin, but the children of men have led to sin.
He said to him, Friend, why didn't you come in here, and wear a robe?' The man held his peace, and didn't answer him.
But you delivered us out of our enemies, And made those who hate us to be ashamed.
All the congregation of the children of Israel came into the wilderness of Zin in the first month, and the people lived in Kadesh. Miriam died there, and was buried there.
Jeremiah answered Zedekiah, If I tell you, won't you kill me? If I show you, you won't hear.
Remember, Yahweh, that they blaspheme you. The foolish have blasphemed your name.
At that time will I be God of all the families of Israel, and they shall be my people.
Ben Hadad king of Syria gathered together all his army, thirty-two kings with him, horses and chariots, and went up, and compassed Samaria, and fought against it.
This life has appeared, and we have seen it, and have testified, that it will be to you a life of eternal life. He himself is revealed to us in the presence of the Father.
But the two put forth their hands, and brought Lot into the house, and shut the door.
In the night, Yahweh, I remember your name. I keep your law.
You shall leave the sacrifice before the altar, and shall go first, and shall make peace with your brothers, and afterward you shall offer the sacrifice.
Therefore he pours on him the fierceness of his anger, and the fierceness of his blood; and he burns with fire round about him, yet he doesn't know it, but burns with fire, and he doesn't see it.
But the rulers of the chariots, though they were still alive, were yet dead in spirit.
He made the tent of meeting boards of acacia wood.
A wise man speaks in quietness, More than the rulers of the fools with a loud voice.
From there they went up, and lived in the inhabitants of Debir. (The name of the one Debir was called Kiriath Seput.)
If a man carries his sister, or his father or his mother, and sees her nakedness, and sees her nakedness, it is an shameful thing: they shall be cut off before his eyes; and he has uncovered his sister's nakedness, and shall bear his sin.
When he opened one of the seven seals, I looked, and I heard one of the four living creatures, saying with thunder like the voice of a thunder, Come!
There was not a centurion in Jerusalem, but three kings.
He measured the east wind, and wall round about, five hundred in length, and five hundred in breadth, to discern between the holy and the common.
Yahweh made a covenant with them, and commanded them, saying, Don't fear other gods, neither bow down yourselves, neither serve them, nor sacrifice to them.
Moses cried to Yahweh, his God, and said, Why are you angry with your people, Yahweh, with great power and with the hand of great power, when you bring them out of the land of Egypt?
This is their divisions, that they may go into the house of Yahweh, according to the commandment of Aaron their father, which Yahweh, the God of Israel, commanded.
On the seventh day the priest shall examine the plague; and behold, if the itch hasn't spread, and the itch hasn't covered its hair, and its appearance isn't deeper than its skin;
Put on therefore the whole armor of God, that in the day of wickedness they may withstand the adversary, and stand up in the midst of the earth.
We saw there the Anakim, the firstborn of men, the firstborn of men: as we saw it, so we saw it, as locusts, so we saw it.
Then the scribes and the chief priests understood that this parable was against them, and they were afraid that they might put their hand into him, but they feared them.
When he came, he leaned on the authority of Satan, to do signs and wonders.
Flee, flee, and flee, you inhabitants of Hazor, and hide yourself secretly; for Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon has set a snare against you, and he has determined to strike you.
For this cause I will contend with you, says Yahweh, and will contend with your sons and with your daughters.
Are you still saying before those who kill you, I am God? For you are but man and not God in the hand of those who kill you.
but you shall cast away the young pigeons; and you shall go into captivity, and shall enjoy good and well-doing, and shall eat of the length of your days.
Yahweh said to the men of Judah and to Jerusalem, Open your land, and don't sow in thorns.
On the second day the king said to Esther in the banquet of wine, What is it that you have called Esther the queen? I will give it to you. What is it that you ask for? Half of the kingdom will be established.
The king of Israel said, Alas, Yahweh has gathered these three kings to deliver them into the hand of Moab.
Yahweh has chastened me with his mind, But he will not deliver me up to death.
He who sows in the field shall be satisfied with bread, But he who winks in the furrow shall be void of knowledge.
There are some who are highly high in eyes, and have high eyes.
It happened on the sixth day, that they gathered double in number, and they took two omers: and all the chiefs of the congregation came and told Moses.
You shall not offer any other incense on it, neither shall you offer burnt offerings or meal offerings, nor drink incense on it.
For those days will be a great calamity, which has not been since the foundation of the world, and will be no more.
Your loving kindness is full of the earth, Yahweh. Teach me your statutes.
So Boaz took Ruth, and took her, and went in to her; and Yahweh gave her a son in the womb.
But a man who is born has trouble like a green fiery cup.
It happened, when ten of his disciples were sitting and eating, that he appeared to them, rebuking their unbelief and hard heart, because they didn't believe the words which those who saw Jesus raised up.
Wealth and honor are from you, and you have rule over all. Strength and strength are in your hand, and great honor and power are in your hand.
Now this is what I said to you, brothers, by the ordinance of my mother-in-law and of Apollos, that you may learn from us what this saying is written, and not exalt yourself, nor despise anything in the midst of you.
Because you are angry with me, and because your proud words have come to my ears, then will I deliver my hook into your nose, and my bridle into your mouth, and I will cause you to return from the way.
For I say this, that you may be free from the deceit of the law.
You have brought the tribe of Levi near, and stood before Aaron the priest to minister to it.
He shall take of the meal offering of it a handful, and oil, and all the frankincense that is in the meal offering, and burn it on the altar for a memorial, and shall offer it for a sweet savor to Yahweh.
Then I weighed to their hands six hundred talents of silver, and one hundred talents of silver, and one hundred talents of gold;
If he steals anything, whether it be ox or donkey, or sheep, and lives in his hand, then he shall pay double.
Behold, Hanamel your son, the son of Shallum, your uncle, shall come to you, and shall say, I will buy you in the field of Anathoth: for the atonement is on you, and you shall buy it.
It happened, when they came out, that the Egyptians rejoiced greatly, because the Egyptians had feared them.
For you say, I am rich, and I have brought forth nothing.' Yet you don't know that you yourselves mourn, and have pity, and have poor, and have blindness.
They asked him, What must we do, that we should complete the work of God?
The people honored me with their lips, but their heart was far from me.
He said to the king, I have heard your words and your wisdom in my own country, and they are truth.
Know therefore, that you shall die by the sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence, in the land where you go to sojourn.
Thus says Yahweh: Don't remember the former things, neither consider the former things.
They have hair like a woman's hair, And a lion's-in-law.
Send letters to all the captivity, saying, Because I have not sent Shemaiah of Nehelam, because Shemaiah has spoken to you, and he has made you trust in lies;
For everyone who lies down sleeps by night, and everyone who is drunken by night.
You have hid them from the counsel of a man in your sight: you have kept them secret in the veil, that they may not be shorn.
Yahweh, have you utterly forsaken Judah? have your heart abhorred Zion? why have you struck us, and made us not to be healed? we looked for peace, and there was no blessing: we looked for healing, and we didn't consider it to be afraid.
He said to them, Most assuredly I tell you, you will see the heavens opened, and the angels of God are ascending on the Son of Man.
Philip and Bartholomew; Thomas and the tax collectors; James and Taltai, sons of Alphaeus;
Joseph put them all in the prison three days.
The wall of the city was great and high; and the wall of the city was twelve gates: and the doors of the city were twelve angels watching; and every gate of the city was twelve tribes of the children of Israel.
Therefore I abhor myself, And repent between the dust and the ashes.
Therefore hear the word of Yahweh, you deceitful men who dwell in Jerusalem, who rule over the inhabitants of it.
Yahweh sold them into the hand of Jabin king of Canaan, into the hand of Hazor; and the captain of his army was Sisera; and he lived in Harosheth of the Gentiles.
The appearance of the locust is like the appearance of a horse which is ready to go out; and on the head of it are crowns of gold: their faces are like the face of a man.
He keeps every man's hands open. He gives knowledge of his works to all those who he has made.
Therefore thus says the Lord Yahweh: Behold, I will pour out my wrath and my wrath on this place, the fruit of man and of animal, and of the tree of the field, and of the fruit of the ground, as the fire burns.
neither consider it, nor consider it, that he should be put to death for all, lest he destroy the whole nation.
When he had said this, he took bread, and gave thanks to God before all the people, and broke bread, and ate.
Show me your ways, Yahweh. Lead me in the path of my enemies.
The sun will be darkened in the great and glorious day of the Lord. The moon will be reddish as blood.
My beloved is mine. I am his. He feeds his flock in the lily.
The king of Babylon killed his sons in Zedekiah's sight, and killed all the princes of Judah in Riblah.
He wrote on his forehead a certain secret name, the mother of the great Babylon, the lewdness of the earth, and the abominations of it.
Depart from the cities, you who dwell in Moab, and dwell in the rock, as the turtledove is by the open field.
All the commandment of the God of heaven shall be for the house of the God of heaven to be kissed. Why should the wrath come on the king, and on the king's sons?
So the king sent horses, and chariots, and a great army: and they came and besieged the city by night.
As the lilies in the thorns, So is my desire among the daughters.
But if they don't listen, then will I drive them out of the land, and drive them out, and destroy them, says Yahweh.
Don't you say, How is it that the days of old exceed the days of gold? For you ask no wisdom.
Violence and violence are the rod of evildoers; for they are dead, and all their multitudes are dead, and their treasures are destroyed, and none of them is exalted among them.
In that day there shall be vineyards of good wine, which you shall sing in the same garden, saying,
There shall be a man in the sight of the priest, who shall burn a female bull, his skin, his flesh, his blood, and his dung.
Now therefore, when we come to the mouth of Yahweh our God, what he says, whether it is good or bad, we will obey his voice; and when we listen to the voice of Yahweh our God, we will prosper.
Saul fought against the Philistines in the valley of Elah, and against the three brothers of David, and against all Israel.
Ahab said to Elijah, Shall you seek me, my enemy? He said, I have found you; for you have sold yourself to do that which is evil in the sight of Yahweh.
Ephraim said, Surely I am rich, and have found riches. I have found no unrighteousness in my labor, but sin.
Yahweh your God delivered it up to you; and you shall utterly kill the men of it with the edge of the sword.
Therefore thus says the Lord Yahweh: Because you are all become dross, behold, I will gather you together in Jerusalem.
But after I have risen, I will go before you into Galilee.
It happened in the morning, that the men of Ashdod rose up, and saw, and behold, they fell down together before the ark of God, and fell on their faces to the ground; and they set the frogs in its place.
For Yahweh rebukes those whom he loves, Like the children whom his father rebukes.
The people were praying to him, and they supposed that he was not the Christ.
The high priests who are in Judea shall bring in the blood of the ox and of the sheep into the sanctuary year by year. He shall not offer himself again once more.
After Elon there were Pilates, Abdon the son of Heliat, judges over Israel.
Whoever touches his goods shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the evening.
Joshua said, Put away now all the foreign gods that are among you, that your heart may return to Yahweh, the God of Israel.
Reuben, and Gad, and Asher, and Zebulun, and Dan, and Naphtali, the tribes, shall stand and curse on Mount Ebal.
If his seed has forsaken my law, And doesn't keep my ordinances;
They buried the king of Uzziah, and said to him, Uzziah, they have burned incense to Yahweh, which is not yours: it is the thing of the sons of Aaron the priest, and they have been consecrated to burn incense: depart from the temple, because you have sinned: you have done this thing, and Yahweh God has not glorified you.
and the face of it shines like a javelin and a javelin. The throne was laid around it, and it looked up like a javelin.
Moses and Aaron returned to Pharaoh, and spoke to Pharaoh, saying, Go, serve Yahweh your God; but who are these who seek to go?
For he weighs their deeds. He overthrew them in the night, and they perish.
But when the Jews saw that they were many, they were filled with envy, and insulted Paul's word, and blasphemed him.
Salvation and cursing proceed out of one mouth. No one is worthy of it, my beloved.
As for you, it is nothing better for a man to take it in your letter than for you to take it out of his mouth.
Rejoice, you daughter of Zion, for Yahweh your God's sake; for he has given you the spring rain for your rains, both the spears and the former rains.
Please teach me, and I will hold my peace. I will understand in what things I have erred.
David said to Michal, It is before Yahweh; for he has chosen me to be a prince over your father and over all his house, to be prince over the house of Yahweh, over Israel: therefore will I dance before Yahweh.
Open your mouth for the mute, And plead justice for the helpless.
It happened afterward, that she bore a son, and named him Samson. Yahweh blessed the child, and blessed him.
They envied Moses and Aaron, who were holy to Yahweh, in the camp.
Behold, I have called Bezalel the son of Uri, the son of Hur, of the tribe of Judah, by name alone.
Jacob said to Rebekah his mother, But my brother Esau had a door, and my shoe was a light.
Then Solomon gathered together the elders of Israel, and the princes of the tribes, and the heads of the fathers' houses of Israel, to Jerusalem, to bring here the ark of the covenant of Yahweh out of the city of David, which is Zion.
It happened in the days of Solomon, that they lived from Dan even to the Jews of Beersheba, and from Israel, every man under his vine, and every man under his fig tree.
Jesus didn't answer him, but his disciples came to him, and said, Run him, for he has cried out before us.
and I will be with you a little while, and will be with you in the winter; so that wherever I come down, you may send me away.
A man who is proud, and doesn't obey your law, A man who digs a pit against me.
There came forth another red horse, and a scepter was given to him who sat on the horse, to remove peace from the earth, and to kill one another; and he had received a great scepter.
Therefore I make you to be despised and to be despised; because you have not walked in my ways, but have dealt perversely with men in the law.
Though they know God, yet don't respect him, neither do they give thanks to him. Their thoughts are foolishness, and the imagination of their hearts is full of darkness.
God, who subdues all men under my feet for my cause's sake.
He will set his wings on you. You will hide yourself in his wings. His truth is a great shield.
In the fifth month, in the fifth month, a man shall seek death, but he shall not die; he shall not die.
When the prophet prophesied peaceably, the words of that prophet were fulfilled, he perceived that the prophet was indeed the messenger of Yahweh.
Samson lay at midnight, and rose up at midnight, and took up the doors of the gate, and the two doors, and the bars, and broke them down; and he put them on his shoulder, and brought them up to the top of the hill that is on Hebron.
Your body shall be food for the birds of the sky, and for the animals of the earth; and none shall frighten them away.
Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard, Nebuzabbath the chief of the eunuchs, Nekathzath the chief of the magicians, and the rulers of the king of Babylon;
He looked at them, and said to them, How hard it is for the rich to enter into the Kingdom of God!
Therefore gird your waist with sackcloth, and cry with a loud voice; for the wrath of Yahweh shall not return from us.
It happened, as he returned the second time, that Joseph sent out his brother. Therefore Pharaoh knew Joseph's family.
They said to him, Why did you say this, that it was born to blind children?
If it is a wall, then we will build it for silver on it. If it is a gate, We will surround it with cedar.
They also ruled over those who did the yoke, and over all those who did the work, and did whatever they did: and the Levites were scribes, and officers, and keepers of the threshold.
Truly Hanamel the son of my uncle came to me in the court of the guard, as Yahweh spoke to him, and said to me, Buy you the field of Anathoth, that is in the land of Benjamin; for on you are the inheritance and the redemption: buy you that which is yours. I knew that it is the word of Yahweh.
The gates of Judah were broken in pieces. In that day you visited the armory of the army.
Yahweh said to Moses, You have made a fiery serpent, and spread it on the top of the scepter; and everyone who makes any of it shall see it, and it shall live.
Those who kept him mocked him, and flogged him.
In the days of the wandering of Israel, the Levites are far from me, going astray from following their idols; and they shall bear their iniquity.
All men trembled at the mouth of Ephraim, who lived on high in Israel: but he sinned in Baal, and died.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
then you shall take five shekels, everyone according to the shekel of the sanctuary; (the shekel is twenty gerahs;)
Eliakim the son of Hilkiah, and Shebna and Joah, spoke to Rabshakeh, saying, Please speak in the Syrian language, and in the speech of your servants; for we have heard it: don't speak in the Jews' language, that the people of the land may hear it.
The Pharisees went out of the synagogue, and immediately the men of Herod conspired together to see how they might put him to death.
I thank you, God of my fathers, and I praise you, for you have given me understanding and understanding. Now therefore show us what we have asked of you; for you have shown us the king.
The anointed priest shall take some of the blood of the bull, and bring it to the Tent of Meeting.
When a man was buried dead, and saw the multitude of the people, he cast the dead into the tomb of Elisha; and the dead fell on the bones of Elisha; and he rose up.
He saved us, not for our good, but for his mercy, through the baptism of his firstborn, and through the newness of his Spirit.
Yahweh is my rock and my fortress, My salvation.
So he placed the people, even the army that was on the north side, and the men who were in the west quarter: and Joshua went in that night into the valley.
When he opened the second seal, I heard the second living creature saying, Come!
Now Azariah the son of Nathan was captain of the guard; and Zabub the son of Nathan was priest; and he was king's friend.
He who curses his father or his mother, His lamp shall be put out in a very dark place.
The messengers came and said, This is what Ben Hadad says: I sent to you, that you would give me your silver, and your gold, and your wives, and your sons, and your daughters.
For the head of the porters was the charge of all the Levites, that they should rule over the tents and the treasures of the house of Yahweh.
Yet you teach me, God, from my youth. I tell of your wondrous works.
The Lord gave a word to the house of Jacob, and the word came to the house of Israel.
Daniel said to the king, Long live the king.
You have made my foot to be large. My feet have not trodden away.
It shall be, when you have taken it, that you shall burn it with fire, according to the word of Yahweh: and behold, it is that which I command you.
I am wandering like a sheep which is lost. Seek your servant, and come again, for I don't forget your commandments.
Then the king commanded Elamel king of the land, and Seraiah the son of Asriel, and Shelemiah the son of Abder, to go and take Baruch and Jeremiah the prophet captives; but Yahweh clothed them.
I will give you thanks day and night, And will praise your name forever and ever.
I also opened my garment, and said, God do so to him who doesn't do this, and to him who opens it, and departs from his house, and from his house, even let him do this thing to nothing. All the assembly said, Amen, and blessed Yahweh. The people did it.
Whoever seeks to preserve his life will lose it, and whoever loses his life will preserve his life.
I was a preacher, and I reigned over Israel in Jerusalem.
and the king, and the king's son, and those who sat on the throne of David, with their kings, and with the men of Judah, and with the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and with their chariots, and with their horsemen, and with them, shall enter into the gate, and the city shall be for ever.
When his relatives heard it, they went out to arrest him; for some said that his spirit was lost.
You, God of Israel, be faithful to your servant David my father, that you speak.
All the ends of the earth shall hope that I will be saved; for I am Yahweh, and there is none else.
Peter answered him, Lord, if it be you, command me to come to you with water.
He who teaches wisdom will be wiser, but he who shows the righteous will be wiser.
But if Yahweh has done a new work, and has opened the earth to them, and has swallowed them up, and all that is theirs, to cause them to live in Sheol, then shall you know that these men defy Yahweh.
My hand is taken of the treasures of the nations, like the birds which are taken away; and I have gotten all the land, like the birds which are left over; there is no winged bird, there is no open mouth, there is none to call.
Don't fret because of evil-doers. Don't love the wicked.
You don't know the way in which the wind passes; neither do you know how the bones are spread out in the womb; neither do you know what God of many works he has done.
He said to his disciples, If anyone desires to follow me, let him leave himself, and take up his cross, and follow me.
For he who is praiseworthy indeed is not exalted, but he whom the Lord praises.
Many followed him, for they saw his signs, which he healed.
I will scatter them among the nations, the nations which they have not known, they and their fathers, and I will send the sword after them, until I have utterly destroyed them.
The priests shall make atonement for the congregation of the children of Israel, and they shall be forgiven; for they are ungodliness; and they bring their offering before Yahweh, even their offerings made by fire, and their sin offerings.
Some of the scribes sat there, and they reasoned in their hearts, saying,
There shall be no prostitute among the house of Israel: there shall be no snare among the house of Israel.
It happened on the third day, that Abraham lifted up his eyes, and saw the place afar off.
His lord said to him, Well done, good servant; and now ten cities are under your power, since you have been faithful in this little matter.'
Consider therefore your ways, and don't be ignorant, but be wise.
The word that Yahweh spoke by Jeremiah the prophet concerning Babylon, and concerning the land of the Chaldeans, saying,
My great heart is dismayed. How long, Yahweh, will you save me?
I took a little bread, and made you drink it, and went on. But when you came to us, receive your servants' service. They said, Do what you say.
Why do you stand far off, Yahweh? Why don't you hold your peace at our troubles?
Paul chose Silas, and departed, and the brothers committed them to the grace of the Lord.
John said to him, Rabbi, we have seen a man casting out demons in your name. We have stopped him, because he doesn't follow us.
For concerning them Yahweh has said, They shall surely die in the wilderness; therefore there shall not one of them remain, save Caleb the son of Jephunneh, and Joshua the son of Nun.
It happened, when they had made an end of making an end, that they laid hold on the money which they had gotten, and brought it to the apostles.
So what wife will this woman be to them in the resurrection? For the seven had her as wife.
He gave six branches of it, and three branches of it on one side, and three branches of it on the other side;
The angel of Yahweh didn't appear any more to Manoah, and to his wife; but Manoah knew that he was the angel of Yahweh.
You gave them tears for food. You gave them many tears to drink.
I will not be afraid of evil in the day of my back nor of my back.
Cry aloud in the inhabitants of Carmel! Listen, you donkeys! Abaddon, you afflicted!
Don't let your heart be filled with anger, For indignation is the heart of fools.
He took the gold, and the silver, and the vessels, and the treasures of the house of Obed-Edom, which he had kept, and the treasures of the king's house; and they became officers, and returned to Samaria.
It happened after these things, that this woman, the master of the house, was sick of her son's disease, so that she had no blemish.
The chiefs brought the red horses, and the stones that were on other kinds of stones, to give on the ephod and on the breastplate.
It shall come to pass, says Yahweh, that I will raise up to David the righteous branch; and he shall reign over it, and shall do wisely, and shall do justice and righteousness on the earth.
Yahweh has opened his armor, and he has lifted up his wrath: for the Lord, Yahweh of Armies, will bring it forth in the land of the Chaldeans.
The terrors have come on me. They have driven away my glory like a wind. My prosperity passes over like a cloud.
He said to them, On the Sabbath day is a day appointed for men, but not for the Sabbath.
Now therefore, you sons, listen to me. Listen to the words which I have spoken.
He lifted up his voice, and said, Jesus, the Son of the Lord God, How much more do you owe to me? I beg you, please, please, please don't rebuke me, as you are called by the name of God.
Yahweh said to Moses, Stretch out your hand toward heaven, that the land of Egypt may be darkened, and the darkness may not touch it.
But I didn't find him guilty of anything worthy of death. I killed him, because he had appealed to Caesar.
Moses and Aaron went out from Pharaoh; and Moses cried to Yahweh for the fields of Pharaoh which he sent against him.
Nebuchadnezzar the king called for the governors, and for the deputies, and for the governors, and for the governors, and for the governors, and for the judges, and for the judges, and for the governors, and for the governors of the provinces, to give to the king Nebuchadnezzar his image which he had made.
Afterward he was circumcised. This was the circumcision, and it was true that before he was circumcised, because he believed, God justified him. Therefore he was uncircumcised in faith, and God justified him, saying, Abraham is become their father.
I have made you like the chariots of Pharaoh's chariots, which I desire.
You have preserved me before me. Lay your hand on me.
Don't think, I will repay the wicked. Wait for Yahweh, and he will save you.
The servant went and told the lord of the things. The master of the thing was angry, and said to his servants, Get out of the city, and take the poor, the sick, the blind, and the lame here.'
David went up to bless his household; and Michal the daughter of Saul came out to meet David, and said, The great glory of the king of Israel is this day. The way was before his servants this day, as one who didn't go down to it, and didn't fear the nakedness of his body.
I have heard many things like this. All of your comforts are an abomination to men.
The woman who was in the house, covered her mouth with a covering, and spread her seed on her, and she didn't cease.
saying, I will go up into the country of the villages, until the people who dwell securely and live are quiet, and there is no wall, nor gates, nor bars, in which they dwell;
I trust in you, Yahweh, my God. Deliver me from all those who pursue me.
So Hanun shaved the beards of David's servants, and cut off his garments from him even to the great thigh; and he sent them away.
The king of the north shall go into the land of the king of the south; but he shall return to his own land.
Afterward he reigned. He was eighty-four years old, and didn't depart from the temple, but fasted day and night, and prayed, and served God.
You shall make two cherubim of gold, and you shall make them of beaten work, and shall put them on the two ends of the mercy seat.
Jesus lifted up his eyes, and saw his disciples, and said, Blessed are you poor men, for you are the Kingdom of God.
For Abraham was praying that God had built the city of the foundation of it.
If your eyes are dim, the whole body is dark. If your light is dark, the darkness is great.
There was evening and there was morning, which was the third day.
He said to him, I am very zealous for Yahweh, the God of Armies; for the children of Israel have forsaken your covenant, and have destroyed your altars, and have slain your prophets with the sword: but I am left alone; and they seek my life, that they may kill me.
Jehoshaphat had great wealth and honor, and he was with Ahab.
Their works are written in the law, and they are written in their hearts, and their conscience will be confirmed; for their heart rebukes themselves at the time of their reproof, and at the time of their defense.
He who hears the word, and doesn't understand, as he who sows by the roadside; when the devil comes, he takes away the seed that is in his heart.
When he came to Samaria, he killed all that Ahab had left in Samaria, and utterly destroyed it, according to the word of Yahweh, which he spoke to Elijah.
Don't forsake me in my old age. Don't leave me in my strength.
(to the children of Athens, and to the children of the nations who lived therein, to speak, and to listen to the things that were done, to keep silent;)
Alas! Let there be no sons in that night. The voice of displease is in the midst of them.
It happened, when Uzziah was strong, that his heart was lifted up, so that he fell away, and rebelled against Yahweh his God; for he went into the house of Yahweh to burn incense in the altar of incense.
I saw a young man void of understanding in the midst of a foolish young man,
For it is written, If a man desires to live, and desires to spend his days in prosperity, let him keep his tongue, and speak evil, and don't lie.'
I also will give my portion to answer, And I will show my opinion.
He drank wine, and anointed himself with the best of the oil: but he didn't bear his soul for the destruction of Joseph.
that all the blood of the prophets, from the foundation of the world to the foundation of the world, may be required of you,
The rest of the meal offering shall be Aaron's and his sons', the most holy of the offerings made by fire to Yahweh.
There was light in the sun, and light in the moon, and light in the stars, and light in the stars, so that there was no light in the stars.
